49.6
Woakes to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, moves away, gets it in the slot. And whips. Deep mid-wicket. It's the end. India give up, officially
49.5
Woakes to Kedar Jadhav, no run, steps out, gets cramped up for room with Woakes following him in with the bouncer on his head. An adjusted pull, only down the pitch
49.4
Woakes to Kedar Jadhav, FOUR, connects. Gets a wide-sitter, throws his bat out at it and slaps it uppishly into an empty deep backward point. Just what India were looking for, a reduction in their NRR blow
49.3
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, nails the pull now, firmly, but Stokes at deep mid-wicket is a fortress in himself. But surprise, surprise, they WILL take the single now
49.2
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller, and smashed away to deep mid-wicket. Dhoni's gone into the denying singles mode as well now
49.1
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, SIX, there's the connect. Five overs too late, but hmmm, nevertheless. Short, body-lined, swiped away over the leaping backward square leg guy
48.6
Jofra Archer to Kedar Jadhav, no run, and he ends with a 141kph bumper. That's more the Jofra we know. Jadhav's too short, and it's too quick to connect
48.5
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, leg-cutter. Dhoni only wanted to run it behind point, and succeeds
48.4
Jofra Archer to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, yorker just outside off. He tries half a helicopter, only getting the toe-end to long-on
48.3
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, 127kph, width outside off, carved away through point
48.2
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, pitches it up for a change. Dhoni hoicks leg-sided. Stokes is right where the ball comes - deep mid-wicket - and he slips over the ball. So India get what they've been looking for over the last 30 minutes, damn unintentionally
48.1
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, no run, 121kph, cutter, has Dhoni hopping around and swinging all around this one
47.6
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short, shoulder-high. Dhoni pulls, really hard, really well in fact, to pick out deep square leg
47.5
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, no run, jumps down the track, flat-batting it into the orbit. Or so he thought, the reality is well, very different, with the slower one sneaking under, easily
47.5
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, wide, short. Plus it's down leg. Two reasons ..
47.4
Mark Wood to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, walks away, arches behind, with Wood following him all the way through. An adjusted stab down to third man
47.3
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, yea, intent! Clears out his front leg and swats, but again, once again, yet again, will pick pick the fielder, deep square leg this time
47.2
Mark Wood to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, shuffles across, into the line to pull it away, backward square leg
47.1
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, kicks up off the pitch, climbing big onto Ms Dhoni's right glove - that a Shami delivery already hurt in the morning - and softly down to fine leg
46.6
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, low full toss. Slapped, extra cover. Okay, it's all about minimizing the extent of the result that's clearly evident
46.5
Jofra Archer to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, hops well across to a slower bouncer outside off. And then tries to stab, but gets tied up for room, gloving it away to third man
46.4
Jofra Archer to Kedar Jadhav, no run, swats off his tummy, and it's not even a single now, picking out short fine
46.3
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slower back of a length stuff. Another just wristy nurdle around the corner. Seriously, this is getting into the Lord's 2017 territory ..
46.2
Jofra Archer to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, again, only a single tried. A single attained, with a nudge to fine leg
46.1
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, opens up his bat face, once again only looking for a single, to third man
45.6
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, walks inside the line to glove a pull, fine leg
45.5
Mark Wood to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, nips in on off. Turned away, softly, mid-wicket
45.4
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, hurries into him, which Dhoni can't pull right. Mistiming, fine leg
45.3
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, just too short. And when fine leg was just brought inside, which MS clealy knows, swivels and then keeps his pull all along the ground
45.2
Mark Wood to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, skids on off a back of a length, tickled, fine leg
45.1
Mark Wood to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short, tummy-lined, off-paced. Swatted away, getting it high off the bat, tamely through square leg
44.6
Plunkett to Kedar Jadhav, no run, slower bouncer. Jadhav walks across and then adjusts to pull it away, but no, has nothing to work around with, no pace, no bounce. Yea, misses even connecting
44.5
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by (sub)James Vince!! Something had to give in. India were clearly tied down and Pandya does what he's been trying to all along - smash it into the stands - and in the process has yet-another slower ball dug into the pitch to deal with. But he goes through his cross-batted smoke-down, with zero timing, ballooning it right down long-on's throat. And England know, oh their celebrations tell you the story, it's their game wkt (5-267) min (49m). Hardik Pandya c (sub)James b Plunkett 45(33) [4s-4]
44.4
Plunkett to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, 122kph, the back of a length cutter. Dhoni drags it with no timing through the covers
44.4
Plunkett to Ms Dhoni, wide, full, drifting down leg though, well down
44.3
Plunkett to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, the noting length - sitting up nicely around MS' tummy - and he rocks behind, swivels and heaves it into cow corner
44.2
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, marginally fuller. Allows Pandya to bottom-hand this punch to long-off
44.1
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, no run, top lines. Really cramps Pandya up and gives him nothing to work around with. He thrashes, well, tries to, and mistimes it down the pitch
43.6
Jofra Archer to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, slower cutter, into the pitch and tapped to long-off
43.5
Jofra Archer to Hardik Pandya, no run, 118kph, short, in fact going down leg as well. Pandya pulls, and once again, has it straight to short fine leg
43.4
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, leg-cutter outside off. Dhoni tries a cute dab, but ends up stabbing it straight to short third man
43.3
Jofra Archer to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, 144kph, pitched up, stroked away, typically in a Dhoni cover-push through extra cover
43.2
Jofra Archer to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, wobbling away outside off, slow again, he waits and guides it down to third man
43.1
Jofra Archer to Hardik Pandya, no run, 120kph, back of a length, but Pandya goes too hard hoping for full pace. Mistimes it out
42.6
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, no run, 118kph, it CAN get slower. Woakes' been really brave here, digging it short to Ms Dhoni, who once again is foxed by the change up and is early into his shot - this time a cut
42.5
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 118kph, full, wide tease. Sliced, lots of bottom hand and a high backlift as he powers this down the ground
42.4
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, fuller on the stumps, wristy drive, long-on
42.3
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, no run, brave back of a length sitter. Dhoni goes early on his pull, missing out big time, toe-ending it out once again
42.2
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, he goes through the line. A cross-seaming back of a length with no long-off, and MS targets just that. Doesn't have a lot of wood on this, toe-ending rather, but there's still enough in those muscles to power it just short of the boundary straight down
42.1
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 120kph, off-cutter on a good length outside off, sliced a little too hard as he loses all shape to long-off
41.6
Adil Rashid to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 85kph, pushed quicker. Just driven out, long-on. But, but, it's been a top over, really proactive
41.5
Adil Rashid to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, 86kph, big spin on this, starting middle, ending up outside off. Dhoni has a back-footed whip, wide of mid-on
41.4
Adil Rashid to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 80kph, fuller, skidding on middle. Pandya will stay calm - for now - just patting it back down the ground
41.3
Adil Rashid to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, leg-lined leg-break. Tucked off the thighs, fine
41.2
Adil Rashid to Ms Dhoni, no run, proper drag down off a googly that's going down leg as well. Ummmm. Dhoni's really missed out on this, pulling it straight to short fine leg
41.1
Adil Rashid to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 86kph, leggie from the front of his palm. A rather straight-batted approach, clearing out his front leg and knocking it down to long-on
40.6
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 121kph, back to the slower ones dug into the pitch that eats up some more pace. Pandya's pretty used to this now, waiting and smashing it square
40.5
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, 137kph, full paced. Worse, a full toss. Pandya slices, mis-slices rather, but Rashid - at backward point - isn't the most clever field placing -- and this just evades his dive
40.4
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, 123kph, slow again, into the pitch and making Pandya generate all the power he needs. And it's to thrash it through sweeper
40.3
Woakes to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, fuller outside off, driven calmly through the line, covers
40.2
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, a smaller walk this time, allowing him to crash it through extra cover. He's smacked it a tad too hard and too well to be able to get back for the second
40.1
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, no run, slower one into the pitch with the line outside off. Pandya walks across, a little too close in fact to cramp out his attempted cut
39.6
Plunkett to Ms Dhoni, no run, and he leaves the ball. An RRR of 10.4, but MSD pulls off a MSD, shouldering arms to one outside off
39.5
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, wide off-cutter. Punched to mid-off, who's right at the edge
39.4
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, short, head-lined. Pulled. And Bairstow - still behind square - has it easier
39.3
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, swatted off the tummy, hard, through square leg. Bairstow hasn't given up though, unleashing his inner Ussain as he gets to it from behind square, flicking it back into play, just
39.3
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, wide, tries the defensive, making-him-stretch one wide outside off. Alas, too wide
39.2
Plunkett to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, slower cutter on middle and leg. Pandya walks, swipes, and fine leg who's really fine cleans
39.1
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, out Caught by Woakes!! Pant goes extravagant, maybe gets a little too greedy in being cute. But Woakes has his redemption. Nursing his bruised soul from the previous over, he more than makes up for the mishaps with a perfect tumbling take in the deep. Okay, Pant walked across and heaved this uppishly. Woakes spotted it from deep square leg. Ran. Dived. Airborne. And he's matched Jadeja's antics from this morning wkt (4-226) min (58m). Pant c Woakes b Plunkett 32(29) [4s-4]
38.6
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, pitched up on off. Pandya already walked himself behind this to drill it straight back. Root, from long-on, has a sliding tackle
38.5
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, anticipates a wider line and walks closer to whip this to Stokes' left at deep mid-wicket. Well he's no mug either, he'll dive at the boundary and keep it to a couple
38.4
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, 4. 4. 4. Woakes stays low, and for some weird reason keeps dishing them out bang in the slot. Pandya too keeps going back deep inside and keeps smoking them, this time with a hoick, bisecting long-on and deep mid-wicket to perfection
38.3
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, cutter. And worse, it's a sitter. Pandya keeps going deep to this as well and then finally gets the width for his lined up cut that finally comes out right -- sweeper
38.2
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, and now some high elbows. Pandya goes right back inside his crease, ruins the yorker-to-be, and then absolutely pumps this wide of mid-on. Ah, the swag
38.1
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, no run, cuts. But it's too full, too close to be doing so to. Mistimes it to cover off the inside half eventually
37.6
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, long-on's left empty. But Wood still pitches it up and Pant decides to stay sublime now, relying more on his timing as he gets under the length and then hoicks it into that very fence, one-bounced
37.5
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, no run, the near-falling over swipe. He doesn't fall, nor does he connect
37.4
Mark Wood to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, covers the angle well this time, looking to play with a straighter bat as he shovels this to mid-on
37.3
Mark Wood to Hardik Pandya, no run, big LBW appeal. It cuts in off the pitch and Pandya whips all around it to get pinned high on the front pad. Yea, that high is too high, umpire's call, says the non-reviewed DRS
37.2
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, arches behind, in a bit of a crouch to neatly dab it down to third man
37.1
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, no run, proper pacy length delivery going across. Pant goes for the cross-batted slog, missing all ends up
36.6
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, wider, and Pandya finally stays his ground for a change to carve it away through point
36.5
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, no run, shuffles again, only to make matters worse with the lack of room for himself, and once again, the cut attempted is a miscue to cover
36.4
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, no run, shuffles across, gets cramped up further with the ball nipping in. Knocked back off the inside half
36.3
Woakes to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, hmmmm. So it's a ball outside off, but Pant has already decided to reverse-sweep this when he was back home in India itself. And he waits on it, goes through with no sort of timing and then gloves it away, very luckily towards point where nobody is
36.2
Woakes to Hardik Pandya, 3 runs, timed. Really short length outside off, slapped away through sweeper. Bairstow's sweeping out there, he'll tumble, fumble, but keep it in play, all for a single
36.1
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, out Caught by Buttler!! No Rohit is no Pant, his ugliness will only mean an edge. Woakes hits the hard good length outside off and Rohit without bothering to move his feet around wants to smoke this downtown. But the hint of seam will take it away, take an ungainly lost shaped edge flying quickly to the keeper's right. Gee, England desperately needed this .. and the tables turn around, again wkt (3-198) min (152m). Rohit c Buttler b Woakes 102(109) [4s-15]
35.6
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, ugly, but when Pant does an ugly, it synonyms into effective. Wood gets it to angle across outside off, and it is sliced - so hard that he loses all shape - looking really ungainly, but, but, he'll clear mid-off
35.5
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, juicy full toss on the legs. Sharma wanted to swipe it into fine leg, but no, he'll get a leading edge lobbing meekly to backward square leg
35.4
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, another big-swivelled pull. Picks out the man now at deep square leg
35.3
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, third time connect-worthy. Wood does the same, keeping it short, on the body and Pant will hack it perfectly tihs time, swivelling as he goes across the line and nail the gap behind square perfectly
35.2
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, no run, another slog, one-handed this time. And he DOES manage to hold onto his bat, with the ball still not touching around
35.1
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, no run, the attempt - a slog. The result - the bat losing grip and flying away, with the ball not even making contact. Buttler is pleased to gift the bat back. It almost cleaned up Buttler. Naah, was still far from him
34.6
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, bouncer. Pant walks inside it and heaves it to fine leg
34.5
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, a bit edgy now, throwing his hands at a short-wide one to run it down to third man
34.4
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, he scratched around. He struggled around. And now he's bossing them around, so, so very beautiful. Carves this wide one, third man's really fine and nothing will stop the second. He has number 25, three of them in the last month itself; and despite not being the first guy people pay up to watch, he's turning into a Dravid of his own, and a top version of Dravid at that
34.3
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, 138kph, full, tailing in on leg. Rohit steps away, flicks, picks out mid-on
34.2
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, 122kph, goes sweeping now .. getting one-kneed and then dragging it across the line down to deep square leg
34.1
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, no run, steps forward, covering the line that's originally on the top of the stumps in blocking it down
33.6
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, cheeky dab, oh so damn cheeky. Pant in his quest to get too cute, nearly has himself fetching it from the top of off off a thick outside edge really fine. Third man will clean up though
33.5
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tummy-lined. Nudged, square leg, softly, but no, not two-worthy .. 98
33.4
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, nearly falls over, typically Pant-like as he swats this off his hips, fine leg
33.3
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short again, skidding again, but Rohit has his time now to pull it off the front foot into square leg .. 97
33.2
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, lines up well, crouching beside in dabbing it backward of point
33.1
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, quick skiddy bouncer hurries into Rohit Sharma's premeditation of a pull. Mistimes it somewhere into mid-wicket
32.6
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, another scrambled seam delivery, Rohit was early into the shot. It bounced low too, he mistimes it wide of deep square leg for a single
32.5
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, slower delivery on a back of a length, Pant punches it wide of backward point for a single
32.4
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, that's a good looking shot. This should ease the nerves. It was fuller and was wide of off, Pant plunges forward and flays into the drive for a boundary through covers
32.3
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, 2 runs, on a short of length and on the body, Pant gets on top of the ball and pulls it wide of deep mid-wicket for a brace
32.2
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on the stumps and Rohit clips it wide of mid-wicket
32.1
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, attempts across the line hoick off a back of a length, it bounced extra and clipped him on the bat. It went miles up in the air but landed in no man's land wide of deep mid-wicket. Rohit will collect a brace
31.6
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short of length delivery on the body, Rohit goes on top of the ball and pulls it wide of fine leg. He will retain the strike
31.5
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, just nudges it to the on-side, he is easing into his innings
31.4
Mark Wood to Rishabh Pant, no run, on a length and skidding off the deck, Pant was defeated by the extra pace and failed to get his bat down in time. It rapped him on the pads. Sliding down leg for sure
31.3
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, now, a good looking straight drive. It was wide of mid-on and he will take a single
31.2
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, the timing wasn't the best. But he will still collect a boundary. It was an off-cutter on the stumps, Rohit lofts it over the head of mid-on for another boundary
31.1
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, he has found his touch back. It was on a length and was wide of off, Rohit uses the room to good effect and cuts it wide of third man for a four
30.6
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, no run, 128 kph delivery on the stumps, Pant takes a decent stride forward, allows the ball to come and nudges it to the on-side with soft hands
30.6
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, wide, this one was way down the leg-side and it will be called a wide
30.5
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, no run, slower delivery on a short of length delivery, it was wide of off and Pant went for a ugly hoick to the on-side. He was early into the shot and ends up missing it
30.4
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, no run, back of a length delivery wide of off, Pant plunges forward, it hits the toe-end of the bat and ends up on his shoe
30.3
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, dabs it to third man and collects a single
30.2
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Rohit steers it straight to backward point
30.1
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, slower one down the leg-side, Pant moves across and clips it gently to the on-side
29.6
Jofra Archer to Rishabh Pant, 3 runs, he shuffles to the off-side and tucks it wide of deep mid-wicket, he times it well and will collect three
29.5
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a back of a length and around off, Rohit was looking to work it to the on-side. He gets squared up a touch on this delivery and it clipped the outer half of the bat. It ended up at third man
29.4
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a length and down the leg-side, Rohit was looking for a pull. He was beaten for the pace this time. It hits him on the pads and deflects to the off-side
29.3
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower one on the off-stump, Rohit was early into the shot. And he ends up missing it. It hits him on the body and ends up on the off-side
29.2
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, another defensive shot back to the bowler
29.1
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length delivery on the stumps, Rohit gets behind it and defends it back
28.6
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, dabs it to third man and takes a single
28.5
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit tucks it to the on-side and Pant came charging for a single. Nerves from Pant, he went back just at the right time. He dusts himself off. The throw hit Morgan hard as he was trying to collect at the bowler's end
28.4
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, leg byes, 1 run, this one raps him on the pads. It nipped back in a touch and missed the inside edge. England didn't go for a review, it might be high. Yes it is! HawkEye shows ball bouncing over the sticks
28.3
Plunkett to Rishabh Pant, no run, oh what is Pant doing there? He comes forward and pushes it towards short cover and looks for a single that wasn't there. Rohit sends him back. The throw came at the striker's end but Pant was back with a dive
28.2
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, out Caught by (sub)James Vince!! What have you done Virat? Kohli fails to convert a fifty into a ton again. This is not the Kohli we know. And it's a body blow for India. It was on a length and was wide of off, Kohli comes forward and reaches for it. He fails to time it as well as he would have liked. And it was sliced off the top half of the bat and went into the hands of Vince at backward point. Plunkett is pumped and he has every reason to be wkt (2-146) min (103m). Kohli c (sub)James Vince b Plunkett 66(76) [4s-7]
28.1
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, scrambled seam delivery, it bounces extra hence he miscues the lofted shot. It lands in no man's land and ends up at sweeper cover
28.1
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, wide, this was a horrible delivery from Plunkett. It was wayyy wide of off and will be called a wide
27.6
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, lot fuller this time and Rohit drives it sweetly to sweeper cover
27.5
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, 1 run, this one was banged in short, Kohli was cramped for room just a touch. But he adjusts well and steers it to third man
27.4
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 120 kph delivery just wide of off, Rohit waits for it to arrive and opens the face of the bat just at the last moment for a single to third man
27.3
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, 1 run, this one was down the leg-side, Kohli moves across to the off-side and tucks it wide of fine leg
27.2
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length delivery around off, Kohli opens the face of the bat and steers it straight to backward point
27.1
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, starts with a slower delivery, Kohli wasn't anticipating this. He was early into the shot and it goes past him, ends up at Buttler on a bounce
26.6
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, lots of flight on this one, Rohit went for a drive slightly away from the body. It ended up at backward point
26.5
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, now, a wrong 'un, it spins back. Rohit reads it off the pitch and blocks it back
26.4
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, defends it back to Adil Rashid
26.4
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, wide, errs in line. It was too wide of off. Wide called
26.3
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fuller and spinning away, Kohli drives it wide of cover
26.2
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flatter one on the stumps, Rohit knocks it wide of the bowler
26.1
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Rohit is getting a move on. Goes down on his knee, takes it on the full and sweeps it wide of deep square leg for a boundary. Sweet timing!
25.6
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, guided away to third man
25.5
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, no run, pushed to extra cover
25.4
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, no run, uppish drive, checks his push as it holds up on the pitch. Bobbles towards mid-off
25.3
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, make it three in a row. Stokes under the pump. Dangles it very full outside off, turns out to be a overpitched delivery and Rohit doesn't overhit it. Opens his bat face at the last instant and steers it to the left of sweeper cover. Races away to the fence in a jiffy
25.2
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, he's looking dangerous now. England will be worried. Back-to-back fours for Rohit. This was short and outside off, Rohit gets deep and flays it fabulously square on the off-side. The fielder at sweeper cover stood no chance
25.1
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Rohit unleashes the Flamingo style pull. Lifting his leg and helping the pull behind square splitting deep square leg and fine leg to perfection
24.6
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, quick and sliding outside off, smeared square past point
24.5
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, where did this come from? Brisk spin for Rashid, pitches on off and gets it to break away sharply. Beats Rohit all ends up
24.4
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter in trajectory outside off, Kohli standing tall punches it through cover
24.3
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 90kph, slider from Rashid. Rohit reads it off the pitch and knocks it down to long-on
24.2
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, 1 run, floated up, Kohli jumps back to nudge it away to deep mid-wicket
24.1
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, FOUR, the fielder at sweeper cover gives up the chase prematurely. This is why Kohli is so good against spin. Rashid overpitches it just outside off, Kohli makes him pay. Bending his back knee and hammering it through extra cover. Ferocious drive!
23.6
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, no run, slanting in on off-stump, Rohit blocks it back to the bowler
23.5
Stokes to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fuller length just outside off, Kohli props forward and nurdles it to mid-wicket
23.4
Stokes to Virat Kohli, no run, roaring bouncer from Stokes, well-directed and Kohli pulls out of his attempted pull
23.3
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, rolling of the wrists to place it to deep square leg
23.2
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, Sharma shifts his weight back and slashes it behind point, uses all the pace on offer and collects a brace
23.1
Stokes to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shovelled in front of square on the leg-side and 100-run stand comes up between the duo
22.6
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Rohit brings up his fifty in style. It's the turn of India's vice captain to lift his bat. High percentage shot to notch up 43rd ODI half-century. Served up invitingly outside off, Rohit gets under it and lifts it high and over extra cover. Mind you, you need some skill to execute this shot
22.5
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed just outside off, forward and defended back to the bowler
22.4
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, 1 run, quicker outside off, punched through cover
22.3
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted on leg, tickled to square leg
22.2
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, what happened there? Rohit sinks low for the sweep, it turned in big and strikes his pad. Then lobs up and hits Rohit on the lower back before escaping past the stumps
22.1
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, 1 run, looped up, dips late and Kohli thrashes it to the right of long-on
21.6
Stokes to Virat Kohli, 1 run, nudged through mid-wicket and 100-up for India
21.5
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, turned in front of mid-wicket
21.4
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, now, Rohit has found his bearings. Half-volley outside off, Rohit gets forward and drills it through extra cover
21.3
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, no run, defended back to the bowler
21.2
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, no run, tailing back in, Rohit wanted to tuck it through mid-wicket, ends up dragging it onto his boot
21.1
Stokes to Virat Kohli, 1 run, pushed towards cover
20.6
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, wow! Rohit, he's blown hot, cold and every other temperature in between including lukewarm but he's waded through the tough period. Flatter outside off, Rohit goes deep and cuts it square past point
20.5
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flighted just outside off, cracked away to long-off
20.4
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, driven away to long-off
20.3
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, quicker on leg, Rohit misses the tuck and wears it on the pad
20.2
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted on off, forward and blocked
20.1
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Sharma takes the aerial route and goes over cover. Backs away, created room and lofted it superbly. This should give him some confidence
19.6
Stokes to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, another day, another Kohli fifty. It's a routine now for the Indian captain. Gets a half-volley outside off and Kohli creams it through extra cover, collects a brace and raises his bat. Thundering claps from the Indian fans..
19.5
Stokes to Virat Kohli, FOUR, amazing from Kohli! Those rubber wrists. It's his tradmark flick. Getting across in-line and firmly whipping it witheringly through mid-wicket. Stokes is stunned..
19.4
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, in the air and over point. This has been a struggle for Rohit. Makes some room to free his arms and slashes it too hard, thereby losing shape and balance. The bottom hand comes off the handle and fortunately, it lobs over the backtracking fielder over point and falls in no-man's land
19.3
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, no run, uncharacterstic drive from Rohit, cheeking it a tad uppishly and it dribbles towards mid-on
19.2
Stokes to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 138kph, fuller, darting on off. Bottom-handed drive to the left of mid-on where the fielder dives and stops it
19.1
Stokes to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, sensible batting from Rohit. Allows for the ball to arrive and drops it in front of point, hares across to the other end
18.6
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted on middle, nudged with the spin to long-on
18.5
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, 1 run, worked away to long-on and jogs across to the other end
18.4
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, no run, pushed to cover
18.3
Adil Rashid to Virat Kohli, no run, gives some air, Kohli crouches and goes too hard at that only to mistime it to extra cover
18.2
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, this one stays low and turns away outside off, punched after getting his weight down to long-off
18.1
Adil Rashid to Rohit Sharma, no run, floats the leg-break outside off, Rohit stretches into a meek drive to cover
17.6
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, that's much better from Kohli. He just taps that delivery wide of third man. The placement was good and he will come back for a brace
17.5
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, misses the pull shot. This hasn't been his most fluent innings. It was short and was angling back into Virat Kohli, he wanted to pull but ends up missing it
17.4
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, just a polite steer to third man
17.3
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, no run, another play and a miss. On a back of a length and wide of off, Rohit went for the cut, gets beaten for pace and ends up missing it
17.2
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, 1 run, enough room and Kohli went for the cut, the backward point fielder dives to his right and gets a finger to it. He stops it from going further but won't stop them from taking a single
17.1
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, sharp delivery, it was on a short of length and Kohli was beaten for pace just a touch. And ends up mistiming the pull shot
16.6
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, steers it straight to backward point
16.5
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, England have done well not to ball short to Rohit Sharma but Plunkett this time bangs it in. Rohit identifies the length early and dispatches it wide of deep mid-wicket
16.4
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, 1 run, pushes it to mid-off and collects a quick single
16.3
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, no run, it jumps extra off the deck, Kohli adjusts decently and defends it to the off-side
16.2
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, FOUR, that has been punched magnificently! And it will race to the fence. He gets behind it, uses the width and smashes it wide of sweeper cover
16.1
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, hint of extra bounce on that delivery. Rohit controls it well and steers it to third man
15.6
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, this is high-quality bowling from Mark Wood. On a length and attacking the stumps, no room for Kohli to free his arms and he defends it to the off-side
15.5
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, flicked wide of Root at square leg, he was quick to the ball and attempts a direct hit at the striker's end. He misses anyway and Kohli was back in the crease
15.4
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, width provided and Rohit dabs it to third man
15.3
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Kohli shuffles across and tucks it wide of square leg
15.2
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length delivery wide of off, Kohli taps it to the off-side with soft hands, straight to the fielder
15.1
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, a good-looking pull shot from Kohli but it will be stopped by Jonny at deep square leg. He will have to be content with a double
14.6
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, this is extremely poor from Rohit. He dashes down and Plunkett delivers a slower delivery on a short of length. He was late on the shot and ends up missing it
14.5
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, now, some extra bounce! On a good length and wide of off, Rohit attempts a cut and gets beaten
14.4
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit is really struggling in the middle. It was a slower delivery, Rohit wanted to pull. He was way early on the shot and ends up missing it
14.3
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fuller and around off, Kohli pushes it to mid-off and charges for a single
14.2
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, no run, on a length and wide of off, Kohli gets behind it and punches it to cover
14.1
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a length and wide of off, Rohit went for a cut. It came off the top-end and ends up at third man
13.6
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Kohli awkawardly defends it back
13.5
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, FOUR, that sound of the bat! Breathtaking! Not a lot wrong with the delivery, just a wee bit of room. Kohli utilised it to perfection and absolutely nailed the cover drive for a boundary
13.4
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, it keeps a shade low. Kohli crouches low and blocks it to the off-side
13.3
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length delivery coming back into Virat Kohli, he wanted to work it to the on-side, misses it and it ends up to the off-side off the thigh pad
13.2
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, Mark Wood bangs this one into the pitch, it lifted off the deck and Kohli did well to get behind it and pull it away wide of mid-wicket. Jonny was very quick to get there and he avoids batsmen from taking a couple
13.1
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, on a length and on the stumps, Kohli moves across to the off-side and flicks it wide of fine leg. He will come back for a brace
12.6
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, 1 run, takes a decent stride forward and drives it to sweeper cover. He will keep the strike
12.5
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, no run, very full and wide of off, Kohli was shaping up to play it to the on-side but ends up pushing it back to Plunkett
12.4
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, much fuller and wide of off, Rohit stays put and pushes it to the off-side
12.3
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, 1 run, finally connects the dab to third man
12.2
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, no run, again, extra bounce for Plunkett. He went for the steer but made no contact. This is one shot Kohli rarely miss!
12.1
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, no run, wanted to dab it down to third man, plays it down the wrong line and ends up missing it
11.6
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, England have done well so far not to bowl short to Rohit Sharma but Mark Wood gets tempted this time. He bangs it in, Rohit was ready for it and he pulls it wide of fine leg for a boundary
11.5
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, no run, not that short to play the cut shot, Rohit still went for it. It clipped the edge of the bat and went to Buttler
11.4
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, no run, finds backward point on the steer
11.3
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Rohit has had enough of tuk-tuk! It was a length delivery, Rohit cleared his leg and whacks it over mid-on for a boundary. "One of the ugliest hacks I have seen from Rohit" says Nasser on air
11.2
Mark Wood to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller length and on the stumps, Rohit wanted to work it to the on-side. He gets squared up and ends up pushing it back to Mark Wood
11.1
Mark Wood to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a length and on the pads, Kohli clipped it wide of square leg
10.6
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, again, there was width on this delivery. On any other day, Rohit would have dispatched this for a four. But he isn't looking the Rohit we all know and he ends up missing it
10.5
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and wide of off, it might have been a cross seam delivery. Rohit threw his hands at it and went for a drive. He plays it down the wrong line and ends up missing it
10.4
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, 1 run, width provided on that delivery and Kohli punched it handsomely to sweeper cover, straight to the fielder
10.3
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Rohit leans forward and drives it wide of cover for another single
10.2
Plunkett to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and on the stumps, defended back to Plunkett
10.1
Plunkett to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Kohli punches it wide of cover. Kohli was looking for a double but he decides against it
9.6
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, 147 kph delivery attacking the stumps, a polite tap to the off-side from Rohit. He was looking for a single but decides against it
9.5
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a short of length and around off, not enough room for Kohli but still he managed to steer it away to third man
9.4
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, much fuller this time, it was attacking the stumps and Kohli is happy to block it back. Four dots in a row!
9.3
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, this is unlike Kohli! But run-rate is less than three and Kohli is forced to manufacture a shot. It wasn't that short but Kohli still went for the pull shot, ends up missing it
9.2
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, another delivery aiming at the top of the off-stump, Kohli pushes it straight to backward point
9.1
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, length delivery attacking the stumps, Kohli gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
8.6
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, 136kph, no swing nor movement on a fuller length just outside off. Defended to point
8.5
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, hustles Rohit with a zippy nip-backer that gained extra bounce. Rohit takes a few steps forward and manages an inside edge onto his thigh pad
8.4
Woakes to Virat Kohli, 1 run, too straight, handsomely clipped to deep square leg
8.3
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, soft-handed push towards cover, shows his eagerness for the single but Rohit is not interested
8.2
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, Woakes corrects his line and length, aiming at the stumps and Kohli blocks it obdurately
8.1
Woakes to Virat Kohli, FOUR, finally, someone has the audacity to take on Woakes and who else than Kohli? Runs down the pitch, doesn't want to let him dictate terms anymore. Flows it a magnificent lofted drive over extra cover and picks up a boundary
7.6
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, there's the mandatory bumper for the over. This kept rearing up after hitting the deck and Rohit was setting up for the pull. Needed a ladder to reach that
7.5
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, 1 run, Archer is constantly clocking 140-plus. This was ushered in at the body at 144kph, Kohli pulls it away to fine leg
7.4
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, swerving closer to off, Kohli stonewalls it from the crease
7.3
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, daylight robbery as they have stolen a quick single. Good early call from Rohit after dropping it in front of mid-on
7.2
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, 142kph, shortish just outside off and Rohit hops back and turns it with a closed bat-face to mid-wicket
7.1
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, indipper at the stumps, Rohit presents a text-book block
6.6
Woakes to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, stylishly flicked in front of square and gets a brace
6.5
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, Kohli is looking a bit scratchy in this over. And inside-edges galore. This was on a short of length just outside off, tilted in and Kohli was lining up for the punch and it sort of gave him an illusion of width, so the Indian captain went after it and gets tucked for space. As a result, gets an inside edge which bounces over the stumps
6.4
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, takes a stride forward and jabs his defence high on the bat
6.3
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, gets it much fuller just outside off, Kohli pushes it to mid-on
6.2
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, tempts Kohli with a fuller length just outside off, dragged off the inner half to mid-on
6.1
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, jerked in a little just outside off, Rohit ekes out an inside edge which dribbles through square leg
5.6
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, length, tighter just outside off. Dead-batted solidly
5.5
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, hits the deck on a back of a length just outside off, blocked from the crease
5.4
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, 145kph, fuller length outside off. Kohli presses forward and defends it to cover
5.3
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, FOUR, wow! Class. Consecutive boundaries for Kohli. Pure class, poetic punch this. Just timed the pants off this through extra cover and the timing is fab that it races away to the fence
5.2
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, FOUR, outside edge beats slip and purrs away to the third man fence. 144kph, slightly fuller and tailed away outside off, Kohli gropes at that with soft hands away from his body and profitable result for the Indian captain as he gets off the mark
5.1
Jofra Archer to Virat Kohli, no run, lifter, this looked really pacy. Jumped up rapidly and Kohli takes evasive action taking his head away from the line
4.6
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, hat-trick of maidens for Woakes. My word! What consistency. He's been on target right from the word go. Shaping back in and Rohit gets a slight inside edge onto his pad and it bobbles to mid-wicket. Rohit quickly rushes back into the crease after being sent back by his skipper. There's always uncertainty in running when these two are at the crease
4.5
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, uppishly checks his push to mid-off as the pitch plays its mischief by stopping a little. Luckily, Rohit didn't go full throttle at that
4.4
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, 139kph, homing in with the angle and skids off the deck, Rohit misses the flick and wears it high on the pad
4.3
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller length just outside off, Rohit appears sceptical to come on the front foot, belatedly does and pokes it to point
4.2
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, pounds it on a back of a length, getting it to nip back into the right-hander. Soft tuck from Rohit to mid-wicket
4.1
Woakes to Rohit Sharma, no run, 132kph, "NO" chirps Rohit after tapping this back of a length delivery in front of point
3.6
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 146kph, banged in with purpose and cramps Rohit for space, who manages to swivel and half-heartedly pulls it to fine leg
3.5
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, fullish outside off, Rohit gets onto the front foot and pushes it into the off-side
3.4
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, lovely. Wafts it fuller in the channel just outside off and gets it to hold its line, Rohit was playing for the incoming delivery and gets beaten all ends up
3.3
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, length delivery outside off, steered to point
3.2
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, cuts back in sharply, also stayed low. Rohit quickly gets his bat down to evade the threat
3.1
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, peppers it on a back of a length, gathers steep bounce and Rohit jumps back to deal with it. Defends it into the pitch
2.6
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, goes full outside off, neatly driven but straight to extra cover
2.5
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, slanting in, Kohli shuffles across and works it to mid-on
2.4
Woakes to Virat Kohli, no run, pitched up and moving away outside off, Kohli with a forward press to cover
2.3
Woakes to Kl Rahul, out Caught&Bowled!! Has that been taken? Oh, it has. Wonderful reflexes from Woakes and he pouches it safely to hand England their first wicket. Rahul perishes for a nine-ball duck. It was on a length and kind of stopped on the wicket, Rahul stayed back and wanted to work it to the leg-side. Gets worked up by the extra zip on the delivery and was closing his bat face a touch. Ended up spooning it back to the bowler and Woakes makes no mistake. Jitters for India, not what they needed wkt (1-8) min (10m). Rahul c and b Woakes 0(9)
2.2
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, shortish outside off, Rahul punches it to cover
2.1
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, oh, nice. Shaping away outside off, Rahul watches it carefully and pulls his bat out of the line
1.6
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and straightening outside off, left alone
1.5
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, fuel to the fire. Insult to injury. Poor Archer bears the brunt now. Teaser outside off, Rohit transfer his weight forward and cracks it in the gap at cover
1.4
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, golden opportunity goes down the drain for England. Root puts down a sitter at second slip and this will hurt them, no doubt. Absolute shocker from Root, usually has a good set of hands but not on this occasion. Early lifeline for Rohit, will he make it count? Only time will tell. Very full delivery outside off, Rohit gets tempted and goes for the expansive drive away from his body. Hard hands and thick outside edge travels to Root at second slip, it was very much catchable but England's Test skipper spills it on the floor after getting both hands
1.3
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, blocks the outswinger to cover
1.2
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, no run, angles in, Rohit waits back to quell it
1.1
Jofra Archer to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Rohit is away! This is poor from Archer. Real warm-up delivery, pitching it very full and ends up as a juicy half-volley. Rohit doesn't need to do much, just gets forward and times it beautifully past mid-off. The timing is so fab that it just sped away to the fence
0.6
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, maiden from Woakes. Eventful start from the pacer and Rahul is unfazed as he blocks this from the back foot to extra cover
0.5
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, adheres to the outswinger outside off, Rahul reaches out and tamely punches it to cover
0.4
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, brings the ball back into the right-hander, Rahul stands firm in his crease and blunts it out
0.3
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, draws Rahul on the front foot with a fuller length outside off, driven fluently to cover
0.2
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, bit of a loosener; shortish outside off, Rahul goes too hard at that and loses his balance, mistimed to cover
0.1
Woakes to Kl Rahul, no run, definite swing. But it was on a back of a length and begins from well outside off, Rahul has no business to flirt his bat at that and he wisely lets it pass
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Archer,Mark Wood
