49.6
Riaz to Neesham, SIX, talk about finishing off in style! What a freaking gem this has been from Neesham! Picks the slower bouncer early, delays his pull and absolutely swipes it over deep mid-wicket
49.5
Riaz to Neesham, 2 runs, slot ball really, but Neesham doesn't get enough on it. Still clears mid-off and it's chased down near the fence by long-on
49.5
Riaz to Neesham, wide, erratic from Wahab, well wide outside off and Neesham lets it pass
49.4
Riaz to Neesham, 2 runs, that's some charity from Wahab and Imam. Second run was never on but the throw is wayward initially and then the bowler is too lazy to stretch and stop. As a result, the second run is finally taken. Was a fuller one, doesn't allow Neesham to get under it. Drilled to sweeper cover
49.3
Riaz to Neesham, no run, dot ball and that's gold at this stage! Fuller and straighter, Neesham was backing away again but can only pat it back towards Wahab
49.2
Riaz to Neesham, 2 runs, another low full toss, Neesham shovels it into the gap at deep mid-wicket. The intent was always going to be two and they get it with ease
49.1
Riaz to Santner, 1 run, misses the yorker and it's a full toss that's bunted to mid-off
48.6
Amir to Santner, leg byes, 1 run, slow motion delivery! Everything just seemed to happen so, so slowly. Was the bumper attempt from Amir and Santner was backing away for the pull but the ball never really arrived. Gets struck on the pad
48.5
Amir to Neesham, Byes, 1 run, slower bouncer, dies down on Sarfaraz and sneaks past him as well. Allows a bonus run
48.4
Amir to Santner, 1 run, inswinging yorker once again, slightly leg stumpish and the flick is down to fine leg
48.3
Amir to Santner, 2 runs, slanting into the pads, Santner flicks it away through backward square leg. In the gap and it's an easy brace
48.2
Amir to Neesham, 1 run, wide of the crease this time and angles in another near-yorker, Neesham can't do much about these. Digs it out to long-off, hoping for a second run but the fielder there is alert
48.1
Amir to Neesham, no run, superb yorker to start with, Amir gets it to tail in a bit and Neesham keeps it out
47.6
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, searing off-stump yorker, superbly executed by Wahab and Neesham can only squeez it out to point
47.5
Riaz to Santner, 1 run, back of a length closer to off stump, Santner dabs it towards cover
47.4
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, out Colinde Grandhomme Run Out!! 1 run completed. End of a special innings from Colinde Grandhomme. Just like he did against South Africa, he's managed to seize the momentum for New Zealand. This was always a risky second run, CDG knew it too and the throw from Amir at third man is quite accurate for Sarfaraz who then deflects it onto the stumps. Colinde Grandhomme was well short. Was a slower ball to start with, took ages to reach him as he dabbed this away down towards third man after initially looking to pull. The slowness to reach the deep is what tempted the batsmen for the second but it doesn't pay off. A fantastic partnership nevertheless, could well be a game-changing one wkt (6-215) min (96m). Colinde Grandhomme run out (Amir/Sarfaraz) 64(71) [4s-6 6s-1]
47.3
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, follows that rapid delivery with a slower one, Neesham is too early into the pull and ekes out an edge down to third man
47.2
Riaz to Neesham, no run, real pace this time, 148kph, and that saved Wahab as this was a full toss. Neesham was too late as he jammed it out
47.1
Riaz to Neesham, FOUR, has he found the gap? Yes he has and the carnage continues. Short of a length to start with and although it's well outside off, Neesham fetches it with a smashing pull through mid-wicket. Deep mid-wicket and long-on try to get to it, the former gets a hand on it as well but can only parry it onto the ropes
46.6
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, Amir has lost it in this over! With fine leg up, you cannot bowl down leg and that's where he dishes out this half volley. Colinde Grandhomme is too good to let the opportunity go by, as he nonchalantly flicks it well wide of the fielder in the ring. 18 off the over! This is turning out to be a fantastic finish for the Kiwis
46.5
Amir to Neesham, 1 run, gets the yorker right this time, middle and off line, Neesham jabs it out towards cover
46.4
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fuller once again, wider lines and CDG drills it down to long-off
46.3
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, this blazes away like a bullet! What power from Colinde Grandhomme! Wow! Width on offer and it's slightly shortish in length, he just reaches out and flays it straight back past the bowler. There was a long-off in place but he could barely move across as the ball whistled away
46.3
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, wide, wide yorker gone wrong and Sarfaraz has to really stretch himself to his right to stop it. Amir is feeling the pressure now
46.2
Amir to Neesham, 1 run, short of a good length this time and Neesham mistimes the pull aerially down to long-on
46.1
Amir to Neesham, SIX, kabooooooooom! Slot ball from Amir and it's in the arc as well for Neesham who swings merrily over deep mid-wicket. Clean bat-swing and away she goes over the ropes. First six conceded by Amir in CWC 2019!
45.6
Riaz to Neesham, leg byes, 1 run, very full and on leg stump, Neesham fails to connect the flick and it deflects off the pads on the leg-side
45.5
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, full toss that takes Colinde Grandhomme by surprise, flicked to deep mid-wicket and this time, the fielder Shadab is quick to prevent the second
45.4
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, a near-collision on the second run but they still get it easily. Fuller ball from Wahab and it's worked away through mid-wicket with deft touch. Nice placement
45.4
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, wide, tries the slower ball but is off target, too wide outside off
45.3
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, slanting in on middle and off, Neesham jabs it towards point
45.2
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, very full and on the pads, shovel-flicked to deep square leg
45.1
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, slower and shorter outside off, Colinde Grandhomme guides it towards backward point but can't find the gap
44.6
Amir to Neesham, no run, the cutter this time with no pace at all, beats Neesham on the inside edge as he tries to pat this towards cover
44.5
Amir to Neesham, FOUR, smart placement! Full and angling into Neesham who flicks it away through backward square leg. In the gap and a much-needed boundary for NZ
44.4
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fizzy off cutter on middle and off, dabbed towards backward point for a sharp single, it's 2 in 2 for Colinde Grandhomme at Edgbaston in terms of half-centuries! He loves this ground as he is used to playing here during the County season at times and that romance is certainly brewing. Two high quality knocks under extreme pressure. Superb!
44.3
Amir to Neesham, 1 run, slower bouncer and Neesham rode the bounce with a controlled pull to deep square leg. Imam is manning that zone and he is once again very quick to cut off the second run
44.2
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fuller and on middle and leg, Colinde Grandhomme is sitting deep and wrists this to deep mid-wicket
44.1
Amir to Neesham, 1 run, an inswinging yorker on off stump, Neesham jams it out towards long-on
43.6
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, 1 run, pinpoint yorker to finish what has been an amazing spell from the 19-year-old! Neesham digs it out to mid-off to retain strike. Superb stuff from Shaheen, he was on fire from ball one in his spell!
43.5
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fuller once more and this time, it's once again jammed to mid-off. Another brisk run
43.4
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, 1 run, quite full and outside off, dug out towards mid-off for a run
43.3
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, not out it is! Was an optimistic shout to begin with, as only Sarfaraz was confident but the on-field umpire felt that it was a bump ball. On referring to the third umpire, it was found that it wasn't the case (about the bump ball) but there was no bat. The third umpire didn't use the UltraEdge and that made Pakistan to review it, to check the UltraEdge. Nothing on it either and so, that's it! Wide yorker outside off, Neesham tried to jam it out but couldn't get bat on it. Review lost!
43.2
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, superb fielding! Hit really hard by Neesham but Shaheen does well to get a hand on it to take the sting out of the shot. Was a low full toss that was absolutely drilled by Neesham. Certainly saved some runs with the stop
43.1
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, dug in short but it sits up a bit due to the slowness of the surface. Swivel-pulled to deep mid-wicket
42.6
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, leg byes, 1 run, straightish lines and Colinde Grandhomme can't get the flick away, off the pads towards square leg
42.5
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, banged over extra cover! Colinde Grandhomme was looking for an opportunity to free his arms and gets that chance here. With the field up straight, Amir couldn't afford to pitch it up but that's what he does along with some width to boot. CDG clubs it over the infield and fetches himself a boundary
42.4
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, tries the off-pace short ball this time and Colinde Grandhomme lets it pass
42.3
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, no room at all, on a good length as well and Colinde Grandhomme's attempt to cut is a bottom edge to point
42.2
Amir to Neesham, 1 run, fuller and angling in from around off, Neesham defends it towards the cover region for a single
42.1
Amir to Neesham, no run, very full and angling in around off stump, Neesham defends and gets a soft leading edge towards Amir
41.6
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, superb running and they get a brace for it. Was a fuller one from Shaheen and Colinde Grandhomme got it off the inside half through mid-wicket. Didn't middle it that well but that helped it to go down to the deep at a slower pace
41.5
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, 1 run, another slower ball, this time around off stump and Neesham wanted to go straighter with the big shot. Gets a thick inside edge to deep square leg
41.4
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, FOUR, superb use of the wrists and he manages to get it well wide of short fine leg. Once he did that, it was always heading to the fence. Shaheen errs with this slower ball that's on the pads, Neesham just walks across a bit and whips it away beautifully
41.3
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, shortish and outside off, punched off the back foot towards backward point
41.2
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, slow off cutter angling across Colinde Grandhomme who waits and slaps it to sweeper cover
41.1
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, 3 runs, very full and angling into Neesham who flicks it away through mid-wicket. Babar in the deep doesn't collect it cleanly, in fact lets it through and that allows an extra run
40.6
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, flighted on middle and leg, Colinde Grandhomme realizes that this is Shadab's final delivery of the game and promptly blocks off the front foot. Good outing for the leggie, 10-0-43-1! The fact that he took out KW is a priceless contribution indeed
40.5
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, slower googly and it's driven wide of the extra cover fielder down to long-off
40.4
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, uses his feet this time and Shadab smartly floats it wider. Results in a mistimed drive to cover
40.3
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, fractionally short and skids through as Neesham sits back for the pull. Straight to mid-wicket where there is a slight fumble but no harm done
40.2
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, tosses it up but too full and easily driven down the ground to long-on
40.1
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, sloppy work at backward point and that makes the single easy. Spinning googly with bounce, Neesham dabs it softly with an open face to get off strike
39.6
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, pings the pad but it's pitched outside leg and quite high anyway. Straightened from around leg stump as Colinde Grandhomme tried to defend
39.5
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, 1 run, shortish and closer to the off stump, steered down towards third man. 6th ODI fifty for Neesham! Brilliant knock, considering the match situation and conditions. He's done a superb job here but he'll know that it isn't over just yet. Will want to bat deep
39.4
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, back of a length and leg stumpish as well, tickled towards square leg
39.3
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, another cutter, fuller on middle and off, this time nicely defended down the track
39.2
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, almost a replica of the previous ball! The difference being that CDG tried to counter the cutter by walking down the pitch it doesn't help. Beaten on the outside edge once again
39.1
Shaheen Afridi to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, what a start! How did this miss the off pole? Slow off cutter from Shaheen and it grips the surface. Misses the woodwork by a whisker en route to Sarfaraz on the bounce. Colinde Grandhomme was squared up totally
38.6
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fuller and straighter on off stump, dug out towards cover for a quick single
38.5
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, the luck is with CDG at the moment! Quite like it was in the game against South Africa. Tries to take on the short ball with a fiery pull but is hustled for pace. Gets a fat top edge that flies straight back over Sarfaraz's head. One or two bounces into the fence
38.4
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, past the edge! Good pace again from Wahab as he slants this across Colinde Grandhomme who misses the slash-cut. A bit of extra bounce on this cutter
38.3
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, a typically woofy Wahab bumper! Loads of pace on this bouncer, well-directed too and Colinde Grandhomme does well to evade it
38.2
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, pinches a quick single. Neesham gets cramped by this shortish length delivery and gets a bottom edge that dies down near the vacant slip cordon. Brisk single by the time backward point gets to the ball
38.1
Riaz to Neesham, no run, hits the deck and keeps it outside off, Neesham attempts but a really flashy pull stroke but is nowhere near it to connect
37.6
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, slight excitement from Amir but it hasn't carried to Sarfaraz, just short of the skipper. Was there an edge there? Don't think so but certainly was quite close. Got this on a good length and it bounced a bit with the angle across as CDG tried to push at it
37.5
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, nearly plays on! Got a bottom edge onto the back pad but luckily for him, doesn't go onto the stumps. There wasn't any room on offer as Colinde Grandhomme went for the dab down to third man. Gets a bit of luck
37.4
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, on a good length with the angle across, Colinde Grandhomme wants to get it wide of the backward point fielder but fails to do so
37.3
Amir to Neesham, 1 run, fuller once again, honing in on middle and leg, Neesham keeps his shape and push-drives straight down the ground as long-on tidies up
37.2
Amir to Neesham, no run, pitches it up and Neesham responds with a straight-batted drive, picks out mid-off
37.1
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, shortish and just outside off, steered away down to third man
36.6
Riaz to Neesham, 2 runs, shortish and a bit too straight in line, Neesham picks it off through mid-wicket and the batsmen amble back for the second
36.5
Riaz to Neesham, no run, angled in closer to off stump, Neesham jabs it with hard hands towards point. Searches for the single but isn't there
36.4
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, good fielding by Imam at sweeper cover. Quick to the ball and let through a flat throw to ensure that the second run isn't taken. Was a fullish one from Wahab, driven through the covers for an easy single
36.3
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, bottom edge and it goes on the bounce towards Sarfaraz. Slower one from Wahab and there was width for Colinde Grandhomme to attempt the cut. No pace at all though and he only gets a chop
36.2
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, beaten! Angles this across Colinde Grandhomme from a fuller length and he tries to chase it with a flashy drive with no footwork
36.1
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, fuller and around off, blocked off the front foot into the off-side
35.6
Amir to Neesham, 2 runs, miscue but safe! Quite an eventful over this is!! Slower one from Amir and he clearly foxed Neesham who was early into the slog. Was up in the air for a while but the fielder at mid-on was always up against it in the chase. Falls safe
35.5
Amir to Neesham, no run, good awareness from Neesham! Wasn't initially sure where the ball was heading but realizes quickly and uses the bat to shoo it away. Don't think it would have gone onto the stumps but always better to be sure as a batsman. Was a shorter length delivery that cramped Neesham up and he got an bottom edge that sprung up off the track and threatened to disturb the woodwork
35.4
Amir to Neesham, FOUR, cracking shot! This is a superb passage of play for the Kiwis, counter-punching under pressure. This was fractionally too short from Amir and Neesham pounced on it with a pull past mid-wicket. Made a crunchy sound as it whistled through mid-wicket
35.3
Amir to Neesham, no run, fuller and angling in from around off, blocked off the front foot to cover
35.2
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, another edge and this time, it's well wide of Sarfaraz and down to third man. Fuller length from Amir, enticing the drive and CDG isn't in control
35.1
Amir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, beats the edge! Starts with a slow cutter and Colinde Grandhomme pushes inside the line. Lucky not to nick this
34.6
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, Sarfaraz isn't pleased one bit about Shadab's lines here. This is thrown up wider once more and Colinde Grandhomme obliges with a drive towards sweeper cover. Must say that the leggie hasn't been on target as much as he should have, especially with the purchase he is getting off the track
34.5
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, drifting in from around off, Colinde Grandhomme presses forward and smothers it
34.4
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, these two continue to milk the runs. Half volley once again from Shadab and it's driven past the diving point fielder. Sweeper gets around
34.3
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, floated up fuller outside off, Neesham leans forward and drives to sweeper cover
34.2
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, more flight and too full as well, driven through the covers for a single
34.1
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, SIX, drops it short, skids through, and he just rocks back - minimum leverage on that short-arm jab over cow corner for six. Phenomenal power!
33.6
Imad Wasim to Neesham, no run, skids through with the arm, Neesham tries driving into the off-side, gets a thick inside edge into the on-side whilst attempting the forward defence
33.5
Imad Wasim to Neesham, FOUR, full and wide, poor delivery, Neesham reaches out and lofts it over the in-field towards the deep extra cover fence for four
33.4
Imad Wasim to Neesham, no run, skids through on middle, deadbatted
33.3
Imad Wasim to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, skids through from a shortish length, chipped to long-on for a single - stopped on the pitch a little
33.2
Imad Wasim to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, goes in with the arm, blocked off the backfoot
33.1
Imad Wasim to Neesham, 1 run, angling in, good turn, punched away off the backfoot to long-on for a single
32.6
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, there's overspin, there's leg-spin and he's maximized both components on that one - plus the perfect line and length. Beats Colinde Grandhomme comprehensively on the backfoot defence. Beats the shoulder of the bat!
32.5
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, leg-break outside off, Colinde Grandhomme has a go at a cover drive - that's an understatement - he's thrown everything behind that. A thick outside edge that flies past slip to the third man boundary for four
32.4
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, flat and full on middle, an open-faced steer behind point for a single
32.3
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, stays low, turns in, nudged into the on-side
32.2
Shadab Khan to Neesham, SIX, tossed up, just a tad too full, Neesham gets on his knee and tonks it over long-on for six
32.1
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, dipping, indrifting yorker, dug out to cover for a single
31.6
Imad Wasim to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, full and outside off, punched away to sweeper cover for a single
31.5
Imad Wasim to Neesham, 1 run, on the pads, clipped away behind square for a single
31.4
Imad Wasim to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, miscues the arm-ball with a flat lofted drive towards long-on for a single
31.3
Imad Wasim to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, angling down leg, poor line, just a faint tickle away towards fine leg (past the rather square short fine leg) and a couple
31.2
Imad Wasim to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, on leg-stump, nudged towards short midwicket
31.1
Imad Wasim to Neesham, 1 run, skids through low on middle, nudged off the backfoot into the on-side for a single
30.6
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, drifting in towards middle, Colinde Grandhomme gets his weight forward to the pitch of it and stonewalls
30.5
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, pitches just outside off and turns away, Colinde Grandhomme leaves it alone
30.4
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, tries whipping against the spin, it holds up on the wicket too, a leading edge that lobs up and doesn't carry to Amir at backward point!
30.3
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, on the pads again, turned away towards square leg for a single
30.2
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, tossed up on a tantalising length, whip-driven to long-off for a single
30.1
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, flat on the pads, nudged in front of square leg for a single
29.6
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, short one at the body, Colinde Grandhomme ducks underneath it
29.5
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, good length delivery just outside off, steered down to third man for a single
29.4
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, a drop to cover point, a quick single, a throw by Shadab - and he scores a direct-hit! It looked out, but very very close - just a frame and it was out. The bails light up a little late, and he's in, is Neesham. A mighty scare for the Kiwis.
29.3
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, and we're back again! Angles it across, Colinde Grandhomme commits to the line early, but there's a hint of seam away and he's beaten on the outside edge...
29.2
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, and as usual, I'm made to swallow my words. A juicy half-volley on middle, and Colinde Grandhomme check-drives it straight down the ground with excellent timing for four
29.1
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, good length and wide outside off, 137km/h, Colinde Grandhomme throws his bat at the drive, misses. An implicit panic attack from CdG here.
28.6
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, too flat for this aggressive field, angling in towards middle, far too full, and that is driven towards mid-off
28.5
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, a flat one on middle, whipped to short midwicket
28.4
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, turning away, a tad short, chopped square of the wicket for a single
28.3
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, full once again, the googly, Colinde Grandhomme has a heave into the on-side, misses, and half an appeal - turning down leg
28.2
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, rather full on middle and leg, clipped away towards mid-on
28.1
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, flat and full on middle, nudged down to long-on for a single
27.6
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, good thinking! Offers him a freebie - which could have bought him a wicket in context! A wide half-volley, that was bound to attract CdG, who almost takes the bait and goes after it, but last-ball syndrome does him in! Beaten on the square-drive!
27.5
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, too much bounce on that 138km/h snorter, nice line, but Colinde Grandhomme just pulls out of the hook and allows it to sail over his head
27.4
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, back of a length delivery on off, steered away off a hop to third man for a single
27.3
Riaz to Neesham, no run, angling in, seaming away, @137km/h, squared up completely and beaten on the backfoot defence - and Sarfaraz is confident in his appeal! Wahab, not so much. They aren't going for the review after all
27.2
Riaz to Neesham, no run, good length delivery on off @141km/h, right on the money, and that's a half-cocked defence towards point
27.1
Riaz to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the hips @142km/h, tucked away off the backfoot towards fine leg for a single
26.6
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, skids through very low on the pads, nudged in front of square leg
26.5
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, tossed up a little bit, and that's pushed square of the wicket off the frontfoot for a single
26.4
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, stays low again, does the googly, and that's whipped back hastily
26.3
Shadab Khan to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, skidder outside off, Colinde Grandhomme tries cutting, chops it into the wicket
26.2
Shadab Khan to Williamson, out Caught by Sarfaraz! That's a huge wicket! Sarfaraz looks like he's suffering from convulsions! A leg-break, the perfect leg-break, draws KW forward, takes a feather of an outside edge, and that goes through to Sarfaraz who takes another impressive catch today! The Pakistan captain has absolutely lost the plot after that wicket - and understandably so. It's a massive wicket wkt (5-83) min (114m). Williamson c Sarfaraz b Shadab 41(69) [4s-4]
26.1
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, a flat one nudged to short mid-wicket for a quick single, and the throw is decent - but Williamson is in well in advance. At least when viewed in slow motion.
25.6
Riaz to Williamson, no run, Williamson - a lot more confident - sees the back of a length delivery through to the wicketkeeper
25.5
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, rising at the throat at 141km/h, Neesham hops and steers it apprehensively down towards third man for a single
25.4
Riaz to Williamson, 1 run, good length delivery angling outside off, Williamson steps forward and checks a drive towards sweeper cover for a single
25.3
Riaz to Williamson, no run, good length delivery angling away, no movement, @142km/h, and Williamson sees it through to the wicketkeeper
25.2
Riaz to Williamson, no run, some shape in towards off from over the wicket, pitching it on a back of a length, 140km/h, and Williamson's backfoot defence is compact enough to negotiate that
25.1
Riaz to Neesham, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, 137km/h, Neesham gets on his toes and punches it square of the wicket for a single
24.6
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, spots the lack of pace, chases after it, gets to the pitch, and swats it down to deep mid-wicket for a single
24.5
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, another devious flipper, skids through low, Neesham tries cutting, misses
24.4
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, on the boots, clipped to midwicket
24.3
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, skidder on the stumps, punched hastily to mid-on
24.2
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, flatter delivery, very full on off, driven to cover
24.1
Shadab Khan to Williamson, 1 run, turns away, stays low, Williamson gets low too and slaps it away to sweeper cover for a single
23.6
Riaz to Neesham, no run, skidding through from a back of a length, 144km/h, not a lot of width, Neesham tries cutting it away, misses
23.5
Riaz to Neesham, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, pushed off the backfoot into the off-side - 145km/h - some serious fire!
23.4
Riaz to Neesham, no run, short ball, a rather accurate one @140km/h, Neesham sways out of the way - gets his head out of the line.
23.3
Riaz to Williamson, 1 run, good length delivery on the pads, nudged to mid-wicket for a quick single
23.2
Riaz to Williamson, no run, marginally wider outside off, stays low, and Williamson shoulders arms again
23.1
Riaz to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery angling across, left alone by Williamson
22.6
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, on the stumps, rather full, clipped towards mid-on, but Shadab Khan intervenes - dives and cuts it off
22.5
Shadab Khan to Williamson, 1 run, skidder outside off, chopped to cover point, and lots of conviction in that quick single. No alarms there.
22.4
Shadab Khan to Williamson, no run, very full and outside off, an open-faced poke behind point
22.3
Shadab Khan to Williamson, no run, loopy and full outside off, pushed with the turn towards cover
22.2
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, turn in from over the wicket, turned away softly to fine leg for a single
22.1
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, on the pads, nudged off the backfoot towards square leg
21.6
Riaz to Williamson, no run, fantastic stuff! Lands it on a good length again, gets it to deviate just slightly from the angle, Williamson is forward to defend compactly, and gets beaten on the defence
21.5
Riaz to Williamson, no run, lands on the seam, on a good length, jags away and beats the outside edge that seldom chases anything after it's beaten
21.4
Riaz to Williamson, FOUR, almost plays it on! Angles it away from a back of a length, Williamson lets it come on before trying the backfoot punch, but it holds up in the wicket - fizzes off the inside edge past leg-stump for four to fine leg
21.3
Riaz to Williamson, 2 runs, short of length delivery on the hip after a shuffle across, tucked away in front of square leg for a couple
21.2
Riaz to Williamson, no run, skids through from a length outside off, an open-faced, open-stanced jab towards point
21.1
Riaz to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery rising on the batsman, who gets on his toes and fends it into the pitch
20.6
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 2 runs, skids through towards middle, Neesham backs away and chops it to sweeper cover for a couple
20.5
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, on the pads, nudged off the backfoot into the on-side
20.4
Shadab Khan to Williamson, 1 run, another toss-up outside off, pushed to cover point, where Fakhar dives to cut it off - but can't prevent the single
20.3
Shadab Khan to Williamson, no run, tossed up, tempting length, Williamson reaches out and pushes it to cover
20.2
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, full and wide, a sliced drive square of the wicket for a single
20.1
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, on the pads, nudged away towards midwicket
19.6
Hafeez to Neesham, 1 run, a tad fuller, can't create an angle to beat the bat, driven with the turn towards sweeper cover for a single
19.5
Hafeez to Neesham, no run, drift in, spin away, beats the forward defence by about half a foot
19.4
Hafeez to Neesham, 1 run, angling in, straightening, deadbatted off the frontfoot
19.3
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, angling in full towards middle, swatted away towards wide long-on for a single
19.2
Hafeez to Neesham, 1 run, zips through from a length towards middle, a hasty punch off the backfoot towards long-off for a single
19.1
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, loopy and full on off, whip-driven down to long-on for a single
18.6
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, flat and full on middle and leg, Neesham defends off the frontfoot
18.5
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, slower one, nice length, off-stump line, driven to mid-off
18.4
Shadab Khan to Williamson, 1 run, skiddy and wide, turning away, cut away square of the wicket for a single
18.3
Shadab Khan to Williamson, no run, flattish quick one, drift, and turn away - left alone
18.2
Shadab Khan to Neesham, 1 run, very low full-toss on off, driven to mid-off for a quick single
18.1
Shadab Khan to Neesham, no run, knocked to short mid-wicket
17.6
Hafeez to Neesham, 1 run, driven along the ground to long-on, who was pushed back before this ball
17.5
Hafeez to Neesham, 2 runs, oh this is horribly mistimed, Neesham wanted to loft over mid-on, didn't find the middle of the bat, sliced this high, luckily mid-on couldn't get there running back
17.4
Hafeez to Neesham, no run, shortish in length, punched into the off-side
17.3
Hafeez to Neesham, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump from round the wicket, Neesham defends
17.2
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, driven along the ground to long-on
17.1
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Williamson drives it to the right of the bowler
16.6
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, 1 run, punched towards sweeper cover for a run
16.5
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, defended towards cover-point
16.4
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, full and angled across, Williamson lets it go
16.3
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, 1 run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Neesham defends towards cover-point, looks at KW and they sneak a quick single
16.2
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, scrambled seam short of length delivery outside off stump, Neesham lets it go, the ball moved away late there
16.1
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, low full toss, it was the attempted yorker, Neesham drives to mid-off. Would have smashed that for four generally
15.6
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, very full, driven back to the bowler
15.5
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, driven to short mid-wicket
15.4
Hafeez to Neesham, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg stump, Neesham flicks it to mid-wicket
15.3
Hafeez to Neesham, no run, a stride forward to keep this flighted delivery out
15.2
Hafeez to Neesham, 2 runs, flatter delivery just outside off stump, Neesham looks to punch off the back foot, gets an inside edge that rolls to square leg
15.1
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, flighted delivery from Hafeez, Williamson drives it to long-on
14.6
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, third maiden over from the 19-year-old. Full delivery on the off stump, Neesham defends
14.5
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, covers the off stump this time and lets it pass
14.4
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, now beats the bat! Shaheen Afridi draws Neesham forward with a full delivery outside off stump, Neesham doesn't move his feet much and misses. The ball may have just decked away
14.3
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, overpitched ball, but Neesham mistimes the drive, was a touch late on the shot, mistimes it to cover
14.2
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Neesham lets it pass
14.1
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, hint of tail back in from a fuller length, Neesham drives to mid-on
13.6
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, oh Williamson slips trying to sweep, may have hit it, but the keeper didn't even have the time to react and move his hands. The ball hit him near the knee and Williamson overbalanced after playing the shot, quickly manages to keep his back foot grounded
13.5
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, flighted delivery just outside off stump, Williamson defends
13.4
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, bat in front of the pad to defend this flighted delivery
13.3
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, fullish and spinning back in, Williamson flicks to mid-wicket
13.2
Hafeez to Neesham, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Neesham looks to defend off the front foot, gets a thickish edge that rolls behind square on the on-side
13.1
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Williamson drives along the ground to long-on
12.6
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, left alone
12.5
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, now leaves this good length delivery alone
12.4
Shaheen Afridi to Neesham, no run, beaten! No feet from Neesham as he tries to defend this good length delivery, almost edged that to the keeper
12.3
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! New Zealand are rattling. Pakistan have been drawing comparisons to 1992 to stay positive. They need crucial wins. And they are making a big statement in a big game. Lovely seam bowling from Shaheen Afridi. Hits back of a length and gets it to move away from the left-hander, Latham was looking to defend, gets a thin edge, doesn't even wait for the finger to go up. That's how honest he is wkt (4-46) min (18m).Latham c Sarfaraz b Shaheen Afridi 1(14)
12.2
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, no run, fullish and outside off stump, driven to mid-off
12.1
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, 1 run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Williamson defends off the back foot, gets an inside edge onto boot, rolls to cover
11.6
Hafeez to Latham, no run, now Latham is forward to defend this flighted delivery
11.5
Hafeez to Latham, no run, short in length, Latham punches it to mid-on
11.4
Hafeez to Latham, no run, slider on the off stump, Latham carefully defends, gets an inside edge onto pad
11.3
Hafeez to Latham, no run, oh misses the flick and gets hit on the pad, luckily the line was down the leg-side, else would have been out plumb LBW
11.2
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, goes deep in the crease to punch this along the ground through cover-point
11.1
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Williamson flicks to backward square leg
10.6
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, no run, blocked to mid-wicket, another maiden from Shaheen Afridi
10.5
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, no run, fullish and angling in, but it's wide enough for Latham to shoulder arms
10.4
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, no run, solidly behind the line of this length to defend
10.3
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, no run, not close enough to make the batsman play but it's decent delivery, length delivery outside off stump, ignored
10.2
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Latham shoulders arms
10.1
Shaheen Afridi to Latham, no run, full delivery outside off stump, Latham drives it to cover
9.6
Imad Wasim to Latham, 1 run, fires this at 100kph, Latham flicks to deep square leg
9.5
Imad Wasim to Williamson, 3 runs, opens the face of the bat at the last moment and guides it past slip to third man and he has three runs just like that with what looked like a mere defensive stroke
9.4
Imad Wasim to Williamson, no run, a big stride forward to defend this flighted delivery
9.3
Imad Wasim to Latham, Byes, 1 run, oh what was that from Imad? 97kph darter, the keeper was surprised too, couldn't collect, bounced from a fairly fuller length
9.2
Imad Wasim to Williamson, 1 run, covers the line and punches it to mid-on
9.1
Imad Wasim to Williamson, no run, pushed into the off-side
8.6
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! Stunning grab by Sarfaraz, the captain. He's got a lot of stick recently but he's inspired his team with this sort of an effort. Taylor has been looking to move across the off stump to negate Shaheen Afridi's angle across him. In the process, he's not been well balanced when playing shots and this time he plays inside the line of this length delivery and gets a thick edge. The ball was actually flying towards first slip, but Sarfaraz dives full length to his right and takes a one-hander. Taylor-KW have been New Zealand's core, but Pakistan have accounted for that very early wkt (3-38) min (14m). Ross Taylor c Sarfaraz b Shaheen Afridi 3(8)
8.5
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, no run, careful Rosco! He's been moving across the stumps, thereby losing a bit of balance, this is an ill-timed off drive that the bowler almost swallowed
8.4
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, 1 run, soft dab, just defended this almost near his legs and set off as point had to run forward to collect
8.3
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, good length delivery just around the off stump, Williamson defends off the back foot
8.2
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, 3 runs, slightly fuller in length from Shaheen Afridi, Taylor leans forward and square-drives, Shadab runs from the infield and puts in the big dive to save a run
8.1
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Taylor defends
7.6
Amir to Williamson, no run, another tempting slower delivery outside off stump, Williamson covers the line and lets it pass
7.5
Amir to Williamson, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Williamson shoulders arms
7.4
Amir to Williamson, no run, on the off stump, Williamson defends off the back foot
7.3
Amir to Williamson, 2 runs, now Amir is bowling round the wicket, short of length delivery on the stumps, Williamson flicks to deep square leg
7.2
Amir to Williamson, FOUR, class batting! This time he stays back realizing the ball is slightly short, punches through cover-point and the timing is way too good. Mickey Arthur goes "Ohhhh" on the balcony as he throws his head back in disappointment
7.1
Amir to Williamson, FOUR, nice cover-drive. Overpitched width on offer but Williamson covered it with a step forward, hands in a nice place to meet the ball and the high elbow on the drive wide of mid-off
6.6
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Taylor defends to the on-side. Wicket-maiden from Shaheen Afridi
6.5
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, no run, Taylor is almost hinting at falling over to the off-side in trying to negate the away angle, manages to push this full delivery to mid-off
6.4
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, no run, fullish and just around the off stump, Taylor defends from the crease
6.3
Shaheen Afridi to Ross Taylor, no run, Taylor moves across a touch to the off-side as he on-drives this ball, mid-on (Riaz) slides to his left and stops
6.2
Shaheen Afridi to Munro, out Caught by Haris Sohail!! Edged and gone! The crowd at it again. Dreadful shot from Munro. The coach will be unhappy. It's a full ball outside off stump, it isn't swinging/moving much. So Munro thought he could crash the ball easily through cover for four, but it's a sin to not move your feet forward attempting such a shot because it gives you better balance and puts you into a better position to meet the ball. Thick edge and the man at first slip was so calm as he took the catch in front of his head. Shaheen Afridi is jumping and fist pumping! Why not! wkt (2-24) min (37m). Munro c Haris Sohail b Shaheen Afridi 12(17) [4s-2]
6.1
Shaheen Afridi to Munro, no run, lovely punchy-drive off the front foot, but Munro picks out the man at cover
5.6
Amir to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Williamson stands tall and defends
5.5
Amir to Williamson, no run, Amir is testing Williamson's patience, but unfortunately for him this man is filled with patience. Full and angling across just outside off stump, ignored, just to annoy the bowler
5.4
Amir to Williamson, no run, a very nonchalant, funny "Nooooo" from Williamson after he defended this good length delivery so casually to off
5.3
Amir to Munro, 1 run, good length delivery on the stumps, Munro flicks to mid-wicket
5.2
Amir to Munro, no run, nice short delivery, Munro had to take his gloves out of the way to save his wicket
5.2
Amir to Munro, wide, down the leg-side, Munro misses the flick. Sarfaraz collects to his right. Amir was walking up, suddenly stopped seeing the umpire call wide and asked "Pad?." He's right, it did brush the pad. Not a wide. Now Amir and Sarfaraz are discussing fields
5.1
Amir to Munro, no run, Amir hits the bat hard with this good length delivery on the off stump, Munro defends
4.6
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, not many in the modern era would leave a full ball that's actually decently close to the off stump like KW did now. He doesn't have the urge to drive through cover. Understands the left-armer's angle across and lets it pass
4.5
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, the line is just outside off stump, Williamson is defendind to off this time
4.4
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, FOUR, if you stay disciplined with your shots, you force freebies from bowlers. KW is a master at that. He left the testing deliveries, so Shaheen Afridi was tricked into the attacking the stumps more and he fired one down leg, easy flick shot along the ground to deep square leg
4.3
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, right behind the line to defend this length ball to the right of point
4.2
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, lovely full delivery angling across the right-hander, Williamson knows there's risk of nicking off, so he covers the poles and shoulders arms
4.1
Shaheen Afridi to Williamson, no run, cricket is back after a 8-min delay. Shaheen Afridi bowls a yorker outside off stump, dug out
3.6
Amir to Munro, no run, driven firmly off the front foot, but can't beat mid-off
3.5
Amir to Munro, no run, change of pace again, Munro taps the short of length delivery to point
3.4
Amir to Munro, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Munro defends off the back foot
3.3
Amir to Munro, FOUR, poor delivery. Short, wide, Munro won't miss out on those. Easy cut shot, hit really hard as well, backward point dives to his left but the timing was too good to beat him
3.2
Amir to Munro, FOUR, top shot that! Anything back of a length with pace is easier to bat, big gap between point and cover, so Munro camps back and punches the ball to the off-side boundary
3.1
Amir to Munro, 2 runs, slower ball, chipped in the air, clears the infield. Great thought from Amir to take pace off because the pitch is slow, almost had his man. Munro mistimed the flick over mid-wicket
2.6
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Williamson goes back and defends
2.5
Hafeez to Munro, 1 run, in the airrr and wide of the fielder at short extra-cover. This surface is already gripping. Munro went a little early on the lofted drive, luckily for him Pakistan had mid-off back at the fence
2.4
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, gets a nice stride forward and flicks along the ground to deep square leg
2.3
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, this is played off the back foot, carefully handled as well
2.2
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, in the air, just wide of short leg. Yes, short leg in a big World Cup game. Brilliant plan! It's turning, so Sarfaraz/Hafeez has a man under the lid because batsmen have struggled to control the flick shot, KW escapes this time as it rolls to the right of the fielder
2.1
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, oh uppish flick, Williamson plays it to mid-wicket
1.6
Amir to Munro, no run, short of length just around off stump, defended back to the bowler
1.5
Amir to Munro, no run, yorker angling in at the base of off stump, Munro gets the toe-end of the bat
1.4
Amir to Williamson, 1 run, now solidly behind the line of this length delivery, also had soft hands on the handle to tap it towards cover-point
1.3
Amir to Williamson, no run, oh beaten! It's got to be a really good ball to beat Williamson in this form. Terrific good length delivery from Amir, the scrambled seam ball, so it nips away off the deck and almost takes the outside edge
1.2
Amir to Williamson, no run, Amir bowls a similar delivery again, even wide, but Williamson won't throw his bat around like Guptill, left alone
1.1
Amir to Guptill, out Bowled!! And sir! What a start from Amir. Is this Edgbaston? Feels more like Karachi/Lahore! Look at the noise from the Pakistani fans. Amir has taken off on is aeroplane with a really broad smile, because he knows this actually wasn't a great delivery. It was that let-me-check-what-is-happening full ball well outside off stump, Guptill thought of making a statement early and went really hard on the drive, only managed to drag it back onto the sticks to trigger a massive roar wkt (1-5) min (5m). Guptill b Amir 5(4) [4s-1]
0.6
Hafeez to Munro, no run, flatter and shorter in length, Munro defends off the back foot
0.5
Hafeez to Munro, no run, an ugly swipe across the line from Munro, went completely across the line and lost shape, too full for the shot, finds mid-wicket
0.4
Hafeez to Munro, no run, round the wicket to the left-hander, Hafeez almost yorks him, dug out
0.3
Hafeez to Guptill, 1 run, look at the turn! That tells about the pitch. This was slightly short, so Guptill went back to flick, was surprised by the extra turn, checked his shot, luckily there was no one close at square leg
0.2
Hafeez to Guptill, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Guptill flicks uppishly to mid-wicket
0.1
Hafeez to Guptill, FOUR, oh wrong line, down the leg-side and the big Guptill gets down on his knees to powerfully sweep through backward square leg, no one at the fence. Great start for New Zealand
Commentary
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Wahab Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Shaheen Afridi
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Lockie Ferguson
