49.6
Mustafizur to Tahir, 2 runs, cutter, across, pushed into the covers. And the Oval erupts -- to this tournament's first actual encounter
49.5
Mustafizur to Tahir, 2 runs, 124kph, back of a length. Tahir moves away, splices his cramped cut over extra cover .. somebody will cut it off, it's down to fighting for the NRR now
49.4
Mustafizur to Tahir, no run, 122kph, good away-sucker. On a length, Tahir once again cannot connect with his swing, the angle winning again
49.3
Mustafizur to Rabada, 1 run, high ful toss. Rabada swings, miscuing it down the ground
49.2
Mustafizur to Rabada, no run, 137kph, and Mustafizur corrects with a yorker. A lovely cover drive to long-off, and Rabada - the senior batsman that h is - declines the single. Even doing a Gibbs won't do now
49.1
Mustafizur to Rabada, SIX, latches onto the bumper. And that's one-sixth of Herschelle. Pulled, bang off the sweet spot into cow corner
48.6
Saifuddin to Rabada, 1 run, 129kph, perfectly high-elbowed punch, lofting it straight over the bowler's head
48.5
Saifuddin to Tahir, 1 run, 128kph, full, leg-lined. Tahir will make room and power it down the ground
48.4
Saifuddin to Rabada, 1 run, skidding in short. Rabada wants to thump it over cow corner, but has the bat face turning in his palms as he gets a thick top-edge ending up right in between point and cover
48.3
Saifuddin to Rabada, 2 runs, yorker again. Skewed away wide of long-off
48.2
Saifuddin to Tahir, 1 run, 129kph, heaves big, dragging it down to fine leg
48.1
Saifuddin to Rabada, 1 run, low full toss. Rabada goes to smash it downtown, but outside-edges to short third man's right - who's quick enough to intercept
47.6
Mustafizur to Tahir, 2 runs, miscued toe-end off the already outside half. Tahir backs away, hoicks and the mistime balloons only as far as mid-off. Tamim tries his best to charge in from long-on and slide, but no, that ain't enough
47.5
Mustafizur to Tahir, 2 runs, 136kph, a tad shorter. Tahir jumps beside the line, then waits for it to get close as he steers it down to third man
47.4
Mustafizur to Tahir, no run, 136kph, length, fizzing over the half-hearted stabby poke
47.3
Mustafizur to Tahir, no run, fuller, going further across with the angle. Tahir has another swing, and another miss
47.2
Mustafizur to Tahir, no run, sucker off-cutter going across outside off. Tahir has a wild swing to smoke it downtown, or maybe over extra cover, somewhere, anywhere. No, misses the line all ends up
47.1
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, out Bowled!! Oh stunning. Mustafizur, you supercomp. He's seen Jp Duminy crouching to deal with the prospective yorker. And he goes short, skiddy which JP is hurried into, going up tall as he attempts to pull, only to chop it on. That's the last nail. Oh that's surely the last nail wkt (8-287) min (62m). Jp Duminy b Mustafizur 45(37) [4s-4]
46.6
Saifuddin to Rabada, no run, 127kph, wide yorker. Rabada drives, but it's a little too good for these number nines .. So, 44 now off 18
46.5
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 1 run, carefully controls his yorker this time. Hammered down the ground
46.4
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, FOUR, cutter. Jp Duminy reads, predicts and then trusts his hands to flow through the line as he rocks behind and powerfully carves it away through the covers
46.3
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, FOUR, 131kph. Misses his yorker to dish out a seam up half volley. Jp Duminy has enough bottom-hand on this flick through mid-wikcet, parrying over off Sarkar's desperate dive
46.2
Saifuddin to Rabada, 1 run, 132kph, length on leg. Rabada moves away from it to punch it down the ground
46.1
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 125kph, yorker on off. Jp Duminy chips his drive down to long-off
45.6
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 128kph, leg-lined. Jp Duminy hops inside, and in the same motion keeps his strike with a glance down to fine leg
45.5
Mustafizur to Chris Morris, out Caught by Soumya Sarkar!! The yorker's a full toss in the slot. But never mind, Morris' short-arm jab is in no control either. Little height, Little distance. And the culmination of it is Mahmudullah reverse-cupping at the cow corner boundary wkt (7-275) min (16m). Chris Morris c Soumya b Mustafizur 10(10) [4s-1]
45.4
Mustafizur to Chris Morris, FOUR, 133kph. Tries another angler away, but Morris' found the middle on his slice for a change. Smacks it into extra cover under the sweeping sweeper's dive
45.3
Mustafizur to Chris Morris, no run, 138kph, back of a length going across. Morris tries to cut, but no, it's just too quick, flying past the upper edge
45.2
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, 1 run, short again. Gets onto the bat a little slowly though, with Jp Duminy's pulling eventually turning toe-ended and going down to long-on
45.1
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, 2 runs, oh yes. Mustafizur's sticking to his field, no double-bluffing as he bangs in a bouncer on the ribs. Pulled away behind square
44.6
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 106kph, cutter. Dug into the pitch. Jp Duminy waits and then thumps it square, but there is a deep point
44.5
Saifuddin to Chris Morris, 1 run, 132kph, low full toss. Morris still hasn't found the middle of his timing, slapping it tamely to cover
44.4
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 133kph, quick, nailing the yorker in the blockhole. Jp Duminy opens out his front leg, nearly falling over as he jams it away through square leg
44.3
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 2 runs, throws his bat out at the width outside off, a little too hard though, losing shape as he outside-halves it down to third man
44.2
Saifuddin to Chris Morris, 1 run, can't lay into the free-hit, merely stabbing it away through sweeper
44.2
Saifuddin to Chris Morris, no ball, a wide ball that's lost in a no ball call. Saifuddin oversteps in what was one over-head loopy bouncer
44.1
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 1 run, full, shoe-lined. Wristed round the corner, picks out the man in the deep
44.1
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, wide, asd07kph, the slower bumper goes wrong - banged in a little too short, and goes way over Jp Duminy
43.6
Shakib to Jp Duminy, 1 run, slogs, one-kneed, and again, doesn't get under it, miscuing all the power to long-on
43.5
Shakib to Chris Morris, 1 run, full on middle. Morris stays beside, drilling it to long-on
43.4
Shakib to Chris Morris, 2 runs, drifting across wide. Sliced away through sweeper
43.3
Shakib to Jp Duminy, 1 run, stays on the back foot, whipping it in front of square
43.2
Shakib to Chris Morris, 1 run, drags a reverse-sweep from down leg .. all the effort for just a single as all the effort picks out deep point
43.1
Shakib to Jp Duminy, 1 run, dances down, dragging the hoick off the inside of the bat through mid-wicket
42.6
Saifuddin to Chris Morris, no run, tight, on the body. Morris has no room to do anything but defend it back
42.5
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, out Caught by Shakib!! High full toss flirting with the hip. Phehlukwayo whacks without any control, getting hurried up, and ends up slicing it off the toe-end out to a wide-short mid-on, where the ever-reliable Shakib is diving to his left. The square leg umpire's not seeing things higher than usual now, assumes the ball to dip under the line of normalcy wkt (6-252) min (18m). Phehlukwayo c Shakib b Saifuddin 8(13) [4s-1]
42.4
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 1 run, lines himself beside in opening his bat face as he punches it away through sweeper
42.3
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, full, straight on leg-stump. Drilled down to long-on
42.3
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, wide, asd05kph, neat slow bouncer. So much so that Phehlukwayo's fooled by it as he stands beside and then watches it go past his face. But the square leg umpire's foxed too, having his own set of parallax errors in seeing it go over his head ..
42.2
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, 1 run, tummy-lined. A swivel-cum-swat, backward square leg
42.1
Saifuddin to Jp Duminy, FOUR, third man's in the ring and Saifuddin's wide yorker is a little too brave to be bowling in such circumstances. All Jp Duminy needs is a squirt, and that's exactly what he gets as he tries to jam it out, getting a lot of the inside edge taking it really fine past the keeper
41.6
Shakib to Jp Duminy, 1 run, just a small push into the covers, and quick legs
41.5
Shakib to Jp Duminy, no run, skids low with Shakib having fired it in. Under the lined up cut
41.4
Shakib to Jp Duminy, FOUR, a gift. Long hop - check. Down leg - check. Spinning further down - check. Jp Duminy only needs to get something on it to help it along, and he has more than something on his heave going really fine
41.3
Shakib to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, chipped drive, really not in control, falling short of extra cover
41.2
Shakib to Phehlukwayo, no run, another case of showing his cards way too early - reversing his stance - and then getting cramped up for room as he misses
41.1
Shakib to Phehlukwayo, no run, jumps down in a premeditated hoick .. and the hoick turns into a punchy knock down the pitch
40.6
Mortaza to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, back full. A very toe-ended drive down to long-off
40.5
Mortaza to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 119kph, short again. More wrists on this pull, through deep mid-wicket
40.4
Mortaza to Jp Duminy, 2 runs, full, a squeeze of a slice through the covers
40.3
Mortaza to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, short, swatted away across the line, deep mid-wicket
40.2
Mortaza to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, a proper muscle. Mortaza gets his off-cutter too full, Phehlukwayo has the room to free up his hands as well as he drills it through sweeper with lots and lots of bottom hand
40.1
Mortaza to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 116kph, punched away square. Still, only singles
39.6
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, no run, and it's a maiden. Just a defensive uppish chip to mid-off
39.5
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, no run, 127kph, tight, top of middle. Phehlukwayo will block, so what if it's the fifth dot of the over
39.4
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, no run, 129kph, a tad shorter, following him in. Phehlukwayo stays rooted to his earlier stance in the crease to punch it out to mid-off
39.3
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, no run, cramped chop. Phehlukwayo tries using the angle going away, eventually under-cutting it off his inside edge to point
39.2
Saifuddin to Phehlukwayo, no run, length, a lined up dab towards cover
39.1
Saifuddin to Vander Dussen, out Bowled!! Ugly. Blindly ugly. Vander Dussen doesn't even bother having a look, shuffles across off the very first delivery he faces off Saifuddin, and then loses all shape in trying to hoick one big over long-on. Alas, the ball cuts back in, ripping through the bat-pad gap to leave a mess behind. As messy as South Africa's hopes in this game now wkt (5-228) min (61m). Vander Dussen b Saifuddin 41(38) [4s-2 6s-1]
38.6
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, no run, another slingy floater. Jp Duminy presses forward, gets his stride close to the line in a forward defence
38.5
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, a very slingy float up on the pads, softly turned away into square leg
38.4
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, 1 run, sweeps, dragging it from outside off to deep square leg
38.3
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, no run, steps out, nowhere close to where he'd like to be, and blocks to cover
38.2
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, 2 runs, neat inside-out chip, not really in control, but he wasn't hitting it too hard in the first place. Falls short of deep extra cover, and a couple is his
38.1
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, flat on the pads, and the spinning further in. Tickled away with ease round the corner
37.6
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 127kph, fuller outside off, a leaning in drive, mid-off
37.5
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, FOUR, goes short, but in the process loses his radar going wide. Vander Dussen goes tall, waiting on it to get big and then carves it backward of point
37.4
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, SIX, bang in the slot, Rassie clears his front leg, leans into the line and then gives it a nice thump, lofting it uppishly over long-on, flat
37.3
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, top-edged pull. Ummm, this is getting streaky by the delivery. Vander Dussen takes on the bumper, goes flat-batted and then has the luck of the miscue landing where nobody is, at deep square leg
37.2
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 131kph, more reverse in. Jp Duminy gets cramped up as he tries chopping, gets too close for comfort as he under-halves it to short third man
37.2
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, wide, swinging in, then holds its line and goes down leg, well down in fact
37.1
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, no run, South Africa review. Mustafizur is on a rampage - a reverse-swinging rampage - and gets the ball to nip back in off the pitch after tailing in too. Jp Duminy shuffles, makes matters worse and then is struck firmly on the knee roll as he looks to flick across the line. Okay, umpire Riefel is convinced .. Vander Dussen forces Jp Duminy into a review. Here goes -- no bat, and surprise, surprise, the ball's going over the stumps. The Protaeas hang in alive, by the skin of the HawkEye's teeth
36.6
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, 1 run, more feet use, better feet use, whipping it through mid-wicket
36.5
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, no run, whippily driven back, Mehidy will dive and clean up
36.4
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, no run, slapped, flush into the surface and a TV/crowd catch to short cover
36.3
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, steps out, realizes Mehidy's shortening his length and settles to block eventually
36.2
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, 1 run, presses one-kneed, opening his bat in a calm steer through sweeper
36.1
Mehidy Hasan to Jp Duminy, no run, dipping yorker. Jp Duminy stays flat-footed, trying to slash, only to squeeze it back down the pitch
35.6
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, no run, 124kph, tight good length on the stumps. Vander Dussen stays beside it, opens his bat face and will settle into a dabby-defence to cover
35.5
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, 1 run, short, rib-lined. Fended away in front of mid-wicket
35.4
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, 1 run, pitched up outside off, drawing him into the drive away from the body. Driven without a lot of control, uppishly, square
35.3
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, no run, 122kph. And a near run-out. Oh, so damn near. South Africa and confusions haven't been new - but this was plain suicidal. So Vander Dussen taps one straight to cover-point and looks to take off, but the fielder - who's right there, just couldn't balance himself as he had a shy to the returning Rassie. If only a direct hit ..
35.2
Mustafizur to Jp Duminy, 1 run, 135kph, full, tailing into the pads. Jp Duminy flicks it with the angle behind square
35.1
Mustafizur to Miller, out Caught by Mehidy Hasan!! South Africa's hopes fading away with the fall of Miller's wicket. Rahman gets the much-needed breakthrough and Bangladesh on top now. Fuller length on off and it seemed to have straightened off the deck. Miller was closing his bat face on the flick and it trims the leading edge to balloon up to point. Mehidy keeps his eyes on the ball and holds onto it at point. The decibel levels are rising in the stands wkt (4-202) min (62m). Miller c Mehidy b Mustafizur 38(43) [4s-2]
35.1
Mustafizur to Miller, wide, Rahman overdoes the bumper. Gets enormous amount of bounce from a length and it flies over Miller's head. Rahim leaps and stops it
34.6
Saifuddin to Vander Dussen, no run, token appeal for lbw but it's easily going down leg. Saifuddin gestures the same to his keeper, quelling the possibility of taking the review. Full-bunger at quite a rapid pace, Dussen plays all around it and falls over as he misses the flick. Rapped on the pads
34.5
Saifuddin to Vander Dussen, no run, length delivery, skidding on. Dussen carefully blocks it to mid-wicket
34.4
Saifuddin to Miller, 1 run, goes full and wide of off, Miller reaches out and toe-ends the drive to long-on
34.3
Saifuddin to Miller, no run, short of length outside off, Miller steers it straight to point
34.2
Saifuddin to Miller, FOUR, wrong line and Saifuddin pays the price. The plan was good to unleash the bouncer but directed it down leg. Miller swivels and pulls it past short fine leg. 200-up for South Africa, also brings the 50-plus run-stand between the duo
34.1
Saifuddin to Miller, no run, 129kph, good length just outside off. Miller defends it to cover
33.6
Mustafizur to Miller, 1 run, overdoes it this time and offers it on the pads which Miller gleefully glances it to fine leg
33.5
Mustafizur to Miller, no run, zippy delivery from Rahman, nearly went through the defences of Miller, who was late to bring his bat down. Faint inside edge rolls past the leg-stump
33.4
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, 1 run, straying on leg, clipped through square leg
33.3
Mustafizur to Miller, 1 run, chance? Did that carry? Well, Mahmudullah has misjudged it and picked it quite late which meant that the ball temptingly fell short of his dive. Should've done better there. Shortish outside off, Miller flashes his bat and gets a thick outside edge which flies to third man. Thankfully for him, Mahmudullah lost sight of the ball for a moment and he gets away
33.2
Mustafizur to Miller, no run, hammers it on a back of a length just outside off, Miller hops back and takes the heat off it by dropping it in front of point
33.1
Mustafizur to Vander Dussen, 1 run, typical delivery. Cutter slanting away outside off, Dussen forces it to sweeper cover
32.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Vander Dussen, 1 run, lasered quick, whacked away to long-on
32.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Vander Dussen, Byes, 4, that's beaten both the batsman and the keeper. Mosaddek goes down in his haunches in disbelief. How did that even miss the stumps? Flighted on middle and it gained some extra bounce to elude Dussen's punch. The bounce saved Dussen as it loops over the middle-stick and Rahim couldn't gather it as well. Very fortunate, is Dussen..
32.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, flattish outside off, punched past a diving extra cover fielder
32.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Vander Dussen, 1 run, tosses around off, stabbed down to long-off
32.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, sweetly driven to long-off
32.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Vander Dussen, 1 run, waits back and turns it through square leg
31.6
Mehidy Hasan to Miller, FOUR, "A sample of David Miller's power," says Ian Bishop on air. He's split the gap beautifully. Preempted and went low in time, rolling his wrists and placing the sweep behind square. Big gap there and it will be a boundary to Miller
31.5
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, wicket-to-wicket line, Dussen opens his stance and punches to long-off
31.4
Mehidy Hasan to Miller, 1 run, Miller dangles his bat across and taps it to cover
31.3
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, quicker on the pads, clipped to square leg
31.2
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, no run, slowish on leg, tickled off the pads to short fine leg
31.1
Mehidy Hasan to Miller, 1 run, angled in just outside off, Miller drags it off the inner half to long-on. Intended to go through the off-side but the late dip fooled him
30.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, juicy low full toss outside off, stroked firmly to long-off
30.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Vander Dussen, 1 run, follows the batsman with a quicker delivery. It kept a little low and Dussen accounts for it, wrists it to long-on
30.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, flatter outside off, forced crisply to long-off
30.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 2 runs, throws it up outside off, Miller leans across and creams it to the left of sweeper cover. Comfortable two..
30.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, no run, darted quick outside off, Miller squeezes the drive to extra cover
30.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Vander Dussen, 1 run, pushed away to sweeper cover
29.6
Shakib to Vander Dussen, 3 runs, more drama. There's a miscue from Dussen which falls in no-man's land. Everything is happening all of a sudden. Tossed up outside off, Dussen went too hard at it and skewed it in the air. Luckily for him it fell a few yards to the left of long-off. There's an overthrow as well, so they will take three
29.5
Shakib to Vander Dussen, FOUR, whacked over mid-wicket. Good, positive shot from Dussen. Took a few steps and picked the length early to clobber it across the line
29.4
Shakib to Miller, 1 run, milks a single to long-on
29.3
Shakib to Miller, 2 runs, dropped. Could this be the turning point in the game? Sarkar is the guilty culprit. Floated outside off, Miller slapped it airly and towards mid-off where Sarkar mistimes his jump and it ended up bursting through his fingers. Big escape for Miller.. He will breathe easy
29.2
Shakib to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 82kph, sliding with the arm outside off. Punched to sweeper cover
29.1
Shakib to Miller, 1 run, very slow and well short, allows Miller to stay back and blunt it to long-on
28.6
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, no run, 85kph, overpitched delivery outside off. Dussen ends up driving it hard and straight to Mortaza. Mehidy is lucky to get away with such a tripe
28.5
Mehidy Hasan to Miller, 1 run, forward press and dropped to the right of cover
28.4
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slower and outside off, Dussen bends his back knee and flails his hands to spank it to sweeper cover
28.3
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, no run, flighted just outside off, drilled back to the bowler
28.2
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, no run, flat outside off, Dussen makes room and hammers it to extra cover where Mortaza pounces onto it to stop that
28.1
Mehidy Hasan to Miller, 1 run, drifted on the pads, flicked away to deep square leg
27.6
Mortaza to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, now on the leg-side. Whisked through square leg and plenty of empty spaces which facilitates the duo to jog back for the second
27.5
Mortaza to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, shorter outside off, caressed towards sweeper cover. They take on the arm and hustles back for the second. Mortaza is fuming with the effort
27.4
Mortaza to Vander Dussen, no run, extra bounce off a length and cramps Dussen for room. Jabbed defensively to the left of the bowler
27.3
Mortaza to Vander Dussen, no run, change of pace from Mortaza and it's a cutter just outside off. Dussen spots it and pushes it to extra cover
27.2
Mortaza to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, pitches it up outside off, fluent drive to the right of sweeper cover to earn a brace. 150-up for the Proteas
27.1
Mortaza to Miller, 1 run, fullish and curving in, Miller pings it off the middle to drive it to long-on
26.6
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, no run, patted softly to point
26.5
Mehidy Hasan to Vander Dussen, no run, flighted on off, Dussen stretches forward and defends
26.4
Mehidy Hasan to Fafdu Plessis, out Bowled!! Cleaned up. Inspiring bowling change by Mortaza. Fafdu Plessis gets too greedy and throws it away. Lovely ball from Hasan. Gave it a rip and teased the batsman. Fafdu Plessis skipped out with a desire to slog it out of the park. Gets duped by the flight as he failed to meet the pitch. It dips and spins enough to elude his swing and crash the stumps. Mehidy Hasan is off and he's all elated. South Africa slipping away! wkt (3-147) min (64m).Fafdu Plessis b Mehidy 62(53) [4s-5 6s-1]
26.3
Mehidy Hasan to Miller, 1 run, looped up on the legs, nurdled round the corner
26.2
Mehidy Hasan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, round-armish dart from Mehidy, whipped away to deep mid-wicket
26.1
Mehidy Hasan to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, Fafdu Plessis is one of the best manipulators of the field. Here's an instance, just puts this offie into the gap at mid-wicket and comes back for the second
25.6
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, harmless length delivery on off, Fafdu Plessis works it away to long-on
25.5
Mortaza to Miller, 1 run, nibbling away on a fuller length just outside off, Miller back to the dinks. Directing it to third man
25.4
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, sliding on middle and leg, picked away to deep mid-wicket
25.3
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, no run, shorter from Mortaza outside off, back foot punch to mid-off
25.2
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, unorthodoxy! It's not about only power, Faf shows some cheekiness too. Knew there was no fine leg, so waits for this good length delivery to arrive and sits low to scoop it very fine
25.1
Mortaza to Miller, 1 run, length delivery, very close to off. Not much of room but Miller used the pace and unlocked his bat face to guide it to third man
24.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, floated up, Plessis takes the aerial route again and goes wide of long-off. Swift work by the fielder, who relays the ball to another fielder who was backing up
24.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, SIX, fifty for Fafdu Plessis. Karunaratne and Finch yesterday, it's the turn of Faf today. South Africa's hopes hinge on him. But what a way to get to the milestone. Threw his weight back and lofted it with a lot of bottom-hand power. Very difficult shot to play but he manages to clear the ropes at long-off. There's a smart catch by the camerman too
24.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, flat and at 91kph, Miller jumps back and eases it to long-on
24.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, use of the feet from Faf to nurdle it through mid-wicket
24.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, no run, Fafdu Plessis backs away to leg but Mosaddek follows him. The outcome is a firm jab back to the bowler
24.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, quicker outside off, Miller creates room and bashes it to sweeper cover
23.6
Shakib to Miller, 1 run, Shakib pulls his length back and Miller is ready with his pull, sending it all along the ground to deep mid-wicket
23.5
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, Fafdu Plessis marches out of his crease and meets the pitch, converting into a half-volley to stab it down to long-off
23.4
Shakib to Miller, 1 run, spinning in, Miller presents a straight-batted drive to long-on
23.3
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flattish on leg, shaved across the line to deep mid-wicket
23.2
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, no run, twirls his wrists and works it straight to mid-wicket
23.1
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, no run, flighted on middle from over the wicket, poked to cover and brisk stop from the fielder
22.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, no run, gets his weight forward and bunts it to extra cover
22.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, no run, quicker and zipping through, Miller was glued to the crease and brings his bat down at the last moment to keep it out
22.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, goes straight on with the arm, calm tuck from Fafdu Plessis to deep mid-wicket
22.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, slowish off-break outside off, punched away to sweeper cover
22.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, Fafdu Plessis charges out, Mosaddek lasers it quick outside off. Hurried drive to sweeper cover
22.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, glanced off the pads to backward square leg, the fielder fumbles and allows the duo to take the second
21.6
Shakib to Miller, no run, flatter in trajectory, closed bat-face nudge to mid-wicket
21.5
Shakib to Miller, no run, 84kph, Shakib continues to lob it up around off. Miller is happy to quell it off the front foot
21.4
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, plenty of air on this tossie, inviting the drive from Fafdu Plessis and he obliges. Thrashes it to extra cover and the fielder fumbles, letting it through his legs
21.3
Shakib to Miller, 1 run, too full and at the stumps, clipped in front of square on the on-side
21.2
Shakib to Miller, no run, slower and on off, solid block from Miller
21.1
Shakib to Miller, no run, arm-ball from Shakib, Miller inside-edges it to square leg. Rahim was excited for a second there..
20.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, no run, straighter at 88kph, Fafdu Plessis checks his push back to the bowler
20.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, no run, overpitches slightly outside off, Fafdu Plessis lines up for a drive but finds extra cover
20.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, floated up, whipped away to long-on
20.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, no run, soft-handed pat to backward point
20.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, Fafdu Plessis waits back and tickles it through square leg
20.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, wide, 5  iffy. Horror ball from Mosaddek, gifting easy runs to the Proteas. Pushed through quicker and ended up spraying it down leg. No chance for Rahim and it will be five wides for South Africa
20.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Miller, 1 run, sliced past point
19.6
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, oh, mix-up between the duo but nothing to worry because Mehidy's throw is wayward. Turned to the right of mid-wicket and Fafdu Plessis took a couple of steps and stopped for a moment before eventually scampering through to the other end. Guess Miller was ball-watching; anyway, agile stuff from Mehidy to swoop down towards the ball but couldn't rifle the throw cleanly to the keeper as it sort of slipped out of his hand because he wanted to throw it in one-motion
19.5
Shakib to Miller, 1 run, Miller is up and running with a flick down to long-on
19.4
Shakib to Markram, out Bowled!! 250th scalp in ODIs for Shakib. Goes straight through the defences of Markram to send the Bangladesh contingent in the stands to ruptures. The arms go up and celebration begins for the Bangla Tigers. The under-cutter it was, Markram was caught fatally rooted to the crease and completely misjudged it. Didn't show enough alertness and it skids on to castle the stumps. Big moment in the game wkt (2-102) min (78m). Markram b Shakib 45(56) [4s-4]
19.3
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, late adjustment of the length from Fafdu Plessis to ease it to long-off
19.2
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, quicker outside off, push-driven to long-off
19.1
Shakib to Markram, no run, wow! Mortaza. What commitment, leading by example. Markram forces it from the crease towards point and Bangladesh's skipper flies across to stop that
18.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Markram, 1 run, little shimmy from Markram to get to the pitch and shovel it across the line to deep mid-wicket to raise South Africa's 100 which is being greeted by applauses from the crowd
18.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Markram, no run, fired in, Markram with a strong bottom-handed drive back to the bowler
18.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, picked away with the spin to deep mid-wicket
18.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Markram, 1 run, no interruptions on this occasion. Easily glanced off the pads to long-on
18.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Markram, no run, good stop by Mehidy. Markram knocked it with a straight bat past the non striker but Mehidy at short mid-wicket dives across and denies Markram a single
18.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Markram, no run, hurrying through the deck, Markram gets in-line and wrists it to short mid-wicket
17.6
Saifuddin to Markram, 1 run, full and on the stumps, Markram flicks it to long-on
17.5
Saifuddin to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, too straight, so flicked to deep mid-wicket
17.4
Saifuddin to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, the third time he's smashed a boundary through cover. Short of a length delivery outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis allows the ball to come and punches it to the left of cover and timed it very well to beat deep point
17.3
Saifuddin to Markram, 1 run, driven off the back foot to long-on
17.2
Saifuddin to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length delivery, knocked away to deep mid-wicket
17.1
Saifuddin to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Fafdu Plessis defends, Saifuddin rolls over after releasing the ball
16.6
Shakib to Markram, no run, makes room and punches this flatter delivery to point
16.5
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, very full and outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis drives it to long-off
16.4
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, no run, extra bounce, defends off the back foot, Markram looks for a non-existent run, sent back
16.3
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Markram wanted to drive to mid-off, but this one went off the outer half of the bat and rolls to long-off
16.2
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, tapped to cover-point
16.1
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Markram drives it to deep cover
15.6
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, no run, mid-wicket dives to his left and stops this ball
15.5
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, no run, slower delivery on the off stump, Fafdu Plessis flicks to mid-wicket
15.4
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, this is sweetly timed off the back foot, short of length delivery outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis stands tall and punches hard, to the left of cover and it rockets for four, Mortaza tried the leg-cutter but didn't work
15.3
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, overpitched slower delivery, Fafdu Plessis drives, doesn't find the middle of the bat, but you actually don't have to with the bats these days, beats mid-off to the left and it runs away
15.2
Mortaza to Markram, 1 run, slower delivery on the leg stump, Markram glances it to fine leg
15.1
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Fafdu Plessis punches it to mid-on and jogs for a run
14.6
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, fullish and on the leg stump, Fafdu Plessis drives it to long-on
14.5
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Markram drives it straight down the ground for a run, cut off in the deep at long-on
14.4
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, pushed away off the back foot to cover
14.3
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, no run, very full and outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis drives it to mid-on
14.2
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, flatter delivery on the stumps, Markram punches it to cover
14.1
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, very full on the leg stump, Fafdu Plessis flicks to backward square leg
13.6
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Fafdu Plessis flicks it to deep square leg
13.5
Mortaza to Markram, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Markram taps it to mid-on for another quick single
13.4
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, runs down the pitch and taps to mid-on for a sharp run
13.3
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, half-chance, just wide of the leaping mid-wicket fielder. Faf has of late been playing those risky uppish hits early in his innings, this is a short of length delivery on the stumps, he went for the pull, didn't middle it, was just a couple of inches away from being caught
13.2
Mortaza to Markram, 1 run, waits and hits the ball along the carpet to long-off
13.1
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Fafdu Plessis flicks it to mid-wicket
12.6
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, overpitched outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis drills it to long-off, that was generously tossed up by the bowler
12.5
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, driven away to sweeper cover as Shakib bowls outside off stump
12.4
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, too full and Fafdu Plessis drives it to long-on
12.3
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, no run, flicked to short mid-wicket
12.2
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, uppishly drives off the back foot to long-on, short mid-wicket thought he had a chance of catching that
12.1
Shakib to Markram, no run, flighted delivery just outside off stump, Markram drives it back to the bowler
11.6
Mortaza to Markram, 1 run, walks into the on-drive and sends it to long-on
11.5
Mortaza to Markram, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Markram finds backward point
11.4
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, knocked to deep square leg
11.3
Mortaza to Markram, 1 run, it's only a back foot punch if it's short of length and outside off stump to Markram, deep cover tidies up
11.2
Mortaza to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, full and outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis drives to deep cover
11.1
Mortaza to Markram, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Markram punches it to deep backward point
10.6
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, no run, shortish and outside off stump, punched to cover
10.5
Shakib to Fafdu Plessis, no run, allows this flatter delivery to come and watchfully pushes it to cover off the back foot
10.4
Shakib to Markram, 1 run, leans forward and drives this flighted delivery along the ground to long-off
10.3
Shakib to Markram, no run, spinning away outside off stump, Markram pushes it towards backward point
10.2
Shakib to Markram, no run, defended to the right of the bowler
10.1
Shakib to Markram, no run, flatter delivery outside off stump, Markram punches it to point
9.6
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, 1 run, flicks it towards to mid-wicket and keeps strike. And nearly another mix-up, but luckily for them the throw is a weak one
9.5
Mehidy Hasan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, off the mark straightaway , Fafdu Plessis flicks it to square leg
9.4
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, out De Kock Run Out!! What on earth are they doing? Only South Africa! Firstly this was a dropped chance by Rahim as De Kock edged a cut shot. QdK put his arm out and said no for the run, but Markram kept charging. QdK responded and suddenly Markram hit the brakes to leave his wicket-keeper batsman stranded. Rahim took aim and fired a direct-hit at his end and Quinton was not even in the picture. Bangladesh created chances, put pressure on the Proteas and they succumbed wkt (1-49) min (41m). De Kock run out (Rahim) 23(32) [4s-4]
9.3
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, down the leg-side, De Kock flicks it to square leg, wanted a run, sent back
9.2
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, 1 run, flighted delivery from Mehidy Hasan, Markram drives it long-on
9.1
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, no run, flighted delivery on the leg stump, Markram defends
8.6
Saifuddin to De Kock, FOUR, in the airrrrr, just over the man at backward point, who would have swallowed that had he been on the edge of the circle. Short of a length delivery on the off stump, De Kock looks to flick, closed the bat face early, the ball seemed to have left him late too. The ball may have stopped on the batsman
8.5
Saifuddin to De Kock, no run, change of pace, 112kph, he bowls around 128 mind you, punched back to the bowler
8.4
Saifuddin to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, De Kock dabs it towards backward point
8.3
Saifuddin to Markram, 1 run, slower delivery outside off stump, Markram punches it to deep cover, there is protection in the deep now
8.2
Saifuddin to Markram, FOUR, the back foot punch, almost walked into the shot, no pace from the bowler, so he can afford to do that, hit all along the ground through cover
8.1
Saifuddin to Markram, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Markram mistimes the cut to cover
7.6
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, 1 run, leg stump line, so Markram easily flicks to deep mid-wicket
7.5
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, 1 run, very full and spinning away outside off stump, De Kock drives it to cover-point
7.4
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, shortish delivery from Mehidy Hasan, De Kock goes for the back cut, can't get it past backward point
7.3
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, defends late to short third man
7.2
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Markram drives it to long-on
7.1
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, 1 run, driven along the ground to long-off
6.6
Mustafizur to Markram, FOUR, edgeddd, but no slip! The off-cutting slower delivery, grips and also bounces, Markram has this tendancy to poke at deliveries that are leaving him as he loves to punch off the back foot, Mortaza will be kicking himself for not having a catching man next to the keeper. Bangladesh are pushing hard
6.5
Mustafizur to De Kock, 1 run, nudged away to mid-on
6.4
Mustafizur to De Kock, no run, inside edge onto pad and De Kock escapes again with the LBW shout, Mustafizur goes full and angles it in at pace, De Kock was late on the flick, very lucky
6.3
Mustafizur to Markram, 1 run, direct-hit would have been curtains! Terrible running, Mahmudullah wants to bury his head into the ground for missing the sticks! Markram drove this towards mid-off and set off, the ball came at a nice height to the fielder, full power through but missed the target
6.2
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, nice-looking back foot punch, but Markram finds backward point
6.1
Mustafizur to De Kock, 1 run, short of length delivery on the leg stump, De Kock flicks it to deep square leg
5.6
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, no run, short delivery on the stumps, Markram defends off the back foot
5.5
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, 1 run, full delivery on the off stump, De Kock drives it to long-off
5.4
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, goes for the late-cut, but doesn't hit the gap to the right of backward point
5.3
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, low full toss, flicked away towards mid-wicket
5.2
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, spinning away slightly, De Kock defends off the outer half of the bat
5.1
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, ohhh almost through. The inside edge saved QdK there, slider from Mehidy Hasan, De Kock defended with a gap between bat and pad, thin edge, otherwise would have been out plumb LBW
4.6
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, covers the line of this good length delivery and defends well
4.5
Mustafizur to Markram, FOUR, too straight from Mustafizur and you can't even bowl on middle stump with just mid-wicket/square leg and mid-on on the on-side, easily flick off the back foot again and it runs away
4.4
Mustafizur to Markram, FOUR, class batting, beaten previous ball, but doesn't miss out on a back of a length delivery that is close to the off stump and he's tall enough to punch it nicely off the back foot in the gap at point
4.3
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, this is what he does, Fizz! Gives you those juicy half volleys and tempts you to go for the cover drive and then he bowls it slightly wide and has you chasing the ball, was so close to the outside edge en route to Rahim
4.2
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, driven on the rise but the man at cover rolls to his right and stops the ball. Young Mortaza it was!
4.1
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, a slower ball to begin his third over, Markram waits and defends
3.6
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, flighted around the off-side, QdK wants to drive inside-out, can't get it beyond cover
3.5
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, this time QdK pushes it towards cover
3.4
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, De Kock defends off the front foot
3.3
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, FOUR, backs away and cuts, finds the gap, used the crease nicely to give himself a bit of room to this flatter delivery which wasn't too far away from the off stump, backward point or short third man had no chance
3.2
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, De Kock leans forward and defends
3.1
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, no run, flatter delivery on the leg stump, De Kock knocks it towards backward square leg
2.6
Mustafizur to Markram, 2 runs, nicely driven, but he didn't go hard at it. Overpitched delivery from Mustafizur, Markram places it between cover and cover-point, the fielders hunt it down
2.5
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, Markram waits on the back foot and respects this short of length delivery with a defence using soft hands
2.4
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, keeps it tight around the off stump, Markram defends off the back foot
2.3
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Markram defends off the back foot
2.2
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, full delivery wide outside off stump, Markram reaches out and plays it towards cover
2.1
Mustafizur to Markram, no run, short of length delivery sliding across the right-hander, Markram defends off the back foot
1.6
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, 1 run, shortish in length, knocked away to square leg
1.5
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, 1 run, shortish and outside off stump, De Kock opens the face of the bat and guides it to short third man. Where's the man at slip? QdK just edged the first ball he faced off Mehidy Hasan
1.4
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, 1 run, shortens the length but it's Markram on strike and he flicks off the back foot through square leg
1.3
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, 1 run, again very full and that length won't trouble De Kock much, driven to long-off
1.2
Mehidy Hasan to De Kock, FOUR, oh the edge found first ball, but it's gone wide of the man at slip. Very full and outside off stump from round the wicket, De Kock wanted to cover-drive, got away with a thick edge
1.1
Mehidy Hasan to Markram, 1 run, tossed up, driven to long-on for a run, QdK will be back on strike and the offie will love that
0.6
Mustafizur to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery, defended
0.5
Mustafizur to De Kock, FOUR, that's so unfair on the bowler! He's bowled a lovely incoming short of length delivery, all De Kock did was punch that ball off the back foot, the pace on the ball (141kph) and The Oval having a big square with pitches all around helped the ball maintain speed and bounce over the leaping backward point fielder
0.4
Mustafizur to De Kock, no run, nice and straight again from Mustafizur, De Kock covers the line and defends to mid-on
0.3
Mustafizur to De Kock, no run, down the leg-side, De Kock fails to flick/glance, hits the pad but the appeal for LBW was muted because it was slipping past the leg stick
0.2
Mustafizur to De Kock, no run, this time it's a straight delivery on the off stump, De Kock defends it back towards the bowler
0.1
Mustafizur to De Kock, no run, Mustafizur gets the ball to fizz first ball, late movement away as well, De Kock was late in his defence, the ball almost rolled back onto the sticks
Commentary
Jp Duminy,Miller,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Lungi Ngidi
Mashrafe Mortaza (c),Rahim,Shakib,Iqbal, Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar, Mosaddek Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Mehidy Hasan, Mohammad Saifuddin
