49.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, FOUR .. and Gulbadin Naib doesn't want to complicate things further. He chokes further under his self-imposed pressure and lets Imad have it easy with another wide full toss. And it's sliced. No, sorry, it's smashed, bisecting the cover region perfectly. And the ghosts of 1992 continue to carry on Pakistan's 2019
49.3
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, and now they miss a run-out. It's been smashed down to extra cover, who throws it back quickly to Gulbadin Naib - who fumbles the collection - and the misery just doesn't end there .. they sneak in a second as well. Oh the game's done, it surely is
49.2
Gulbadin Naib to Riaz, 1 run, down leg - wide meant to be - and Wahab messes up with his backing away as he almost misses the pull -- finally it's only off the glove behind square
49.1
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 1 run, oh my my. A proper high full toss, but Imad can only slice it away and pick out deep extra cover. Oh Gulbadin Naib's been let out of jail here
48.6
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, leg byes, 1 run, googly into the legs. Tucked away to short fine, and Imad will keep his strike.
48.5
Rashid Khan to Riaz, 1 run, hmmmmm. He'll reverse sweep now, dragging it through extra cover, and Wahab knows this as well, and can't contain a smile as he jogs across
48.4
Rashid Khan to Riaz, no run, darted wider outside. Riaz wants to smoke a few into his zone, but nah, Rashid's not all that bad .. won't connect
48.3
Rashid Khan to Riaz, 2 runs, spinning in big -- with Riaz getting cramped up and awkwardly jabbing it through cover. Some slow fielding legs will help, two
48.2
Rashid Khan to Riaz, SIX, 48.2 is what 48.1 was meant to be. A fractured finger and Wahab is writing a new story for himself. He gts under this one and there's no shortage of pump in those hands as he smokes this into cow corner
48.1
Rashid Khan to Riaz, no run, big slog. The hope - launch this into cow corner. The reality - not even a connection
47.6
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, wide yorker. Squeezy-slice to backward point
47.5
Mujeeb to Riaz, 1 run, skiddy in-decker. Riaz only wants to defend, but somehow gets it to pop up into the covers for a quick single
47.4
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, 1 run, smashed straight back, Imad will get the single finally, and has also knocked Rahman off with the power on this shot hitting him flush on his boot
47.3
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, big spit up. This kicks up off a length, going well over Wasim's lined up cut
47.2
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, forward, defending off the inside of the bat to the bowler
47.1
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, skidding in straight on. Imad despite getting cramped will keep this out somehow
46.6
Rashid Khan to Riaz, FOUR, juicy overcook, and Rashid has let off a freebie. Wahab's on a knee, putting most of his top order to shame as he drills it will all the swagger and the pose of the high elbows through cover
46.5
Rashid Khan to Riaz, no run, big spinning googly. Riaz is foxed all ends up, playing all around it and getting struck on the pad. But alas, the perils of too much spin
46.4
Rashid Khan to Shadab Khan, out Shadab Khan Run Out!! 1 run completed. And again, Pakistan just CANNOT deal with being favourites. Just when the screws turn, just when they nose ahead, they HAVE to go suicidal. It's Shadab's turn now to pull off a Sarfaraz, knocking it into mid-wicket and then decides to take on Gulbadin Naib and his big muscles for the second. But those muscles - if not anything - are a certified rocket arm as he charges at the ball first up and then fires it in really hard, one-bounced to the keeper. Shadab's dive won't help either, and neither will his indecisiveness and stopping in the way as he comes back for the second wkt (7-206) min (33m). Shadab Khan run out (Gulbadin/Ikram) 11(17) [4s-1]
46.3
Rashid Khan to Shadab Khan, FOUR, oh the margins of luck. There's nobody at slip once again, and Shadab very cutely opens his bat face too with the outside edge kicking in as well as he guides it delicately past the keeper. It's turning, it is well and truly turning
46.2
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, 1 run, another googly, but a touch too short and wide for Wasim to carved away square
46.1
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, doesn't really pick the googly, waiting for it on the front foot and then blocking pretty well
45.6
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 1 run, slower yorker, finally on target. Wasim jams it onto his boot, and the ricochet into the covers will do
45.6
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, wide, goes yorker, but loses all of it down leg with Wasim walking inside the line to claim the extra better
45.5
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, FOUR, this is no luck, this is proper smashing. Gulbadin Naib once again hits the hard back of a length well outside off and Wasim throws everything into it as he thrashes this powerfully backward of point
45.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, FOUR, the edge of luck. Third man's up in the ring and there's nobody at slip - but Gulbadin Naib still wants to bowl length outside off. Wasim carves, outside-edges and has it running through the cordon
45.3
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, nips back in off a length. Wasim closes his bat face well to punch it into cow corner, couple-worthy
45.2
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, slower length one sticking in the pitch. Wasim slices, miscues. But that's not the fun part -- Asghar Aghan's fielding at extra cover, he loses the ball in the floodlights, runs backwards, realizes the ball is dipping in front of him then and circles under it only to make things worse. Yea, and drop. Ah, Afghanistan, things really don't come better on a platter
45.1
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, FOUR, dishes out a full toss way, way outside off. Imad walks across, has a measure of the empty square leg region and then swipes it away
44.6
Shinwari to Imad Wasim, 1 run, spots Wasim's dance down the pitch and drags his length back smartly. They'll draw a truce with a block, but past the bowler
44.5
Shinwari to Shadab Khan, 1 run, back, flicking it away in front of square
44.4
Shinwari to Shadab Khan, no run, wide tease, Shadab wants to slog, but then has to adjust and that adjustment is a drive, only as far as cover. Oooh, four dots
44.3
Shinwari to Shadab Khan, no run, backs away to cut, does, and picks out point
44.2
Shinwari to Shadab Khan, no run, quicker on the stumps, settled push out
44.1
Shinwari to Shadab Khan, no run, chipped back, and falls just short. Shadab once again goes against the spin, getting too close to the pitch of the ball to leading-edge it yet again, but this one's falling short of Shinwari's dive
43.6
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, leans forward, wristily, and softly enough, two-worthy into mid-wicket
43.5
Rashid Khan to Shadab Khan, leg byes, 1 run, the wrongie, spinning in onto the pads from middle. Makes Shadab's reading easy as he glances, ricocheting off his thighs behind square leg
43.4
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, 1 run, hurried jump across inside the line to tuck, round the corner
43.3
Rashid Khan to Shadab Khan, 1 run, another low lean, reading it off the pitch with late hands in working it down the ground
43.2
Rashid Khan to Shadab Khan, no run, on a knee to drive, missing the sharp leggie big time as it whizzes past
43.1
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, 1 run, wafts his bat out away from his body, having steered this flush off the bat face with zero intention of doing so to short third man
42.6
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, 1 run, a shuffle inside the line to glance round the corner
42.5
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, neat. Cute. Imad reads this carrom ball for a change - and it does help when it is that short and wide - as he stays beside to fetch it off the keeper's gloves and dab it down to third man
42.4
Mujeeb to Shadab Khan, 1 run, very whippy hands once again, and once again a squeeze out to mid-wicket
42.3
Mujeeb to Shadab Khan, no run, short skiddy stuff. Shadab has a straight-bat stuck out in defending it back down
42.2
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, 1 run, quite a helicopter-like dig out, but that's all it is, through mid-on. And it help their cause when mid-wicket refuses to dive
42.1
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, on a reverse sweep, but it's too full to get under it neatly. Picks out short third man
41.6
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 1 run, drifting in full onto the toes, clipped away round the corner
41.5
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, FOUR, high full toss. And Pakistan get the release, with a firm straight drive, and mid-off's just too wide to be stopping these
41.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, no run, length and angling in. Tapped away to Gulbadin Naib's left, softly enough to let himself field
41.3
Gulbadin Naib to Shadab Khan, 1 run, leg-cutting long hop. Shadab loses shape as he goes too hard on his pull, one-bounced, deep mid-wicket
41.2
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 1 run, 125kph, full, wide, allowing Wasim's hands to come through the ball as he squeezes this slice down to third man
41.1
Gulbadin Naib to Shadab Khan, 1 run, 122kph, nipping in off a length, chipped away to mid-on
40.6
Shinwari to Imad Wasim, no run, big leading edge .. thanks to Wasim's quest to flick across the line, only as the ball straightens and lobs up streakily to fall into an empty close-in cover
40.5
Shinwari to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, to square leg, quick legs, and certainly well called for this time. They make it look iffy, but no, Imad's placed this softly in his nurdle into the square leg gaps
40.4
Shinwari to Shadab Khan, 1 run, steps forward, settling on a one-kneed drive through the line, long-off
40.3
Shinwari to Imad Wasim, 1 run, loopier, allows Imad to wait on it as he drills it down the ground, past Shinwari's palm on the dive
40.2
Shinwari to Imad Wasim, no run, shorter, Wasim camps behind and then has to crouch as well as he pushed it out to cover
40.1
Shinwari to Imad Wasim, no run, wristy block, nudging it away from middle to leg
39.6
Mujeeb to Shadab Khan, no run, stride again, driving it firmly through the line to cover
39.5
Mujeeb to Shadab Khan, no run, classy forward defence, head on ball, a solid smother et al
39.4
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, 1 run, drifting into middle, Wasim's close to the pitch of it this time in flicking it wide of mid-on
39.3
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, high full toss, thrashed hard, too hard in fact for his liking as he loses all shape and finds extra cover
39.2
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, in-spinner. Imad's forward with his stride to cover it and then flicks all around it with zero contact
39.1
Mujeeb to Imad Wasim, no run, covers the line well to knock it away softly to mid-wicket
38.6
Rashid Khan to Sarfaraz, out Sarfaraz Run Out!! 1 run completed. The greed. The sheer greed. And all of it for one whole run. When LBWs don't get you, trust Pakistan - the generous sports - to throw it away by running themselves out. It was a proper half-tracker well outside off and Sarfaraz has thrashed this through point. But then even after stopping after the first run, calls for the second, only to be well short despite all the diving wkt (6-156) min (37m). Sarfaraz run out (Najibullah/Ikram) 18(22) [4s-1]
38.5
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, 1 run, juicy full toss. And Imad takes time to process this gift, and can only drive it very tentatively down the ground
38.4
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, another LBW ask. Imad, yet again frozen on the back foot, whips all around this conventional leg-break that's quite likely to spin down leg
38.3
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, gets out a bigger stride and flicks out to mid-on
38.2
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, fuller googly and Wasim has a strange whip across the line, yea, obviously missing
38.1
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, another no-clue defence. Imad's on the back foot, and Khan's short googly is just too good to get any bat
37.6
Gulbadin Naib to Sarfaraz, FOUR, and the perfect horrors of a horrid drag down to lift the whistle off this pressure cooker. Ahmed has the time to wait on it, adjust, line himself up and then slap it really powerfully through sweeper .. it's the first Pakistani boundary in ten overs, yeah, that sums up how bad this drought has been
37.5
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 1 run, sitting up nicely outside off this time, punched away through sweeper
37.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, no run, slower off-cutter. Wasim doesn't have a clue, throws his hands out hard in a hope to thrash this one through the line, but no, will miss
37.3
Gulbadin Naib to Sarfaraz, 1 run, thigh-lined. Tucked away behind square
37.2
Gulbadin Naib to Imad Wasim, 1 run, straightening in on middle and leg, wristed round the corner
37.1
Gulbadin Naib to Sarfaraz, 1 run, length, fifth-stumped. Dabbed away to third man
36.6
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, fuller on the stumps, and Imad can live in peace, he's gotten some bat as he clips it round the corner
36.5
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, goes back-footed - the perfect cardinal sin that Rashid feats on - and very, very strangely jabs it away from somewhere in front of his tummy to short fine leg
36.4
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, another massive LBW shout. But Wasim gets a scratch off his inside edge on this one as he plays down the wrong line yet again
36.4
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, wide, shuffles desperately, but gets just inside the line as this one spins over leg-stump
36.3
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, massive appeal -- in fact Rashid's convinced enough to start celebrating as well. A quicker flipper, which Wasim plays down the wrong line to get pinned on the pad. Now, now, it's three reds on the tracking .. and Afghanistan once again are on the wrong side of the non-available-DRS
36.2
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, another clueless shuffle, but will manage some bat this time, somehow
36.1
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, no run, oh and now Wasim is damn clueless. He shuffles, getting beaten all ends up as he tries to poke, anywhere, only for the this one to turn out to be a googly and fizz away
36.1
Rashid Khan to Imad Wasim, wide, spinning down leg, past the tentative jab
35.6
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, no run, forward, bat-pad stuck in defence
35.5
Mohammad Nabi to Imad Wasim, 1 run, a bigger stride getting himself close to the pitch of it as he drills it out to long-off
35.4
Mohammad Nabi to Imad Wasim, no run, the loose-gripper, the Mohammad Nabi special, drifting in with a very low slingy action and then turning past Wasim's half-poke
35.3
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, 1 run, makes some room again and now manages to guide it late behind point
35.2
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, no run, crampd up with the ball straightening back in, tapped away to point
35.1
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, no run, moves away and punches it out to cover
34.6
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, out Lbw!! When a batsman's feet don't move, the umpire's hands do .. and Sohail's surely learning it the hard way. He shuffles and then freezes right in front of his stumps in dealing with this Rashid leg-break, that first drifts in from over the wicket and then straightens to beat his attempted jab all ends up. Pinned on the front leg, and when there are no reviews, nothing after that really matters. And even if it did, HawEye shows an umpire's call in hitting the top of leg wkt (5-152) min (58m). Haris Sohail lbw b Rashid Khan 27(57) [4s-2]
34.5
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, big spin, sharply as well and Sohail can only just jam it onto his pad. Just ..
34.5
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, wide, pitches on leg. And then goes further down with Sohail walking inside the line in his leave
34.4
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, the toppie now, drawing some spit up off the picth, which Sohail rides, keeping it out rather awkwardly
34.3
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, googly. A waited soft push, opening it up to point
34.2
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, quick skidding leg-break. Sohail goes back deep to punch his defence back down the pitch
34.1
Rashid Khan to Sarfaraz, 1 run, a rather wide drag down. Easily stabbed away behind point
33.6
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, tossed full outside off, Haris Sohail drives and picks out the man at cover
33.5
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, 1 run, opens the bat face and plays a late dab against this quicker delivery, placed it to the right of point and got through for a quick single
33.4
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, knocked away round the corner (on the leg-side) for an easy single. Plenty of vacant spaces obviously....
33.3
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, 1 run, full on off-stump, eased down the ground towards long-on
33.2
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, prods across, pushes the drive wide of backward point and hustles across for a quick single
33.1
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, 1 run, full on off, Sarfaraz lunges forward and sends the drive straight of long-on
32.6
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, camps back and punches the quicker delivery into the off-side
32.5
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, flipper short and wide of off, Haris Sohail clears his front leg and flays it behind point square of third man
32.4
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, slower and ripping in towards off, blocked off the back foot into the leg-side
32.3
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, full on the stumps, Haris Sohail toe-ends the flick to the right of short mid-wicket
32.2
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, spinning into the pads, helped away straight to short fine
32.1
Shinwari to Sarfaraz, 1 run, advances and throws his bat on the drive outside off, ends up slicing it off the cue end on the off-side
31.6
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, tightens his line around the off-stump, a compact forward defence from Haris Sohail
31.5
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, leg byes, 1 run, misses the slider and it glances the thigh pad after beating the inside edge, rolled away towards the man at 45
31.4
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, no run, tries for the on-drive and chips it off the splice to the left of mid-wicket
31.3
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slower and spinning in outside off, Haris Sohail gets across and tucks it into the leg-side
31.2
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, drifts this slower and straighter on off-stump, Haris Sohail strides forward to block
31.1
Mohammad Nabi to Sarfaraz, 1 run, nice loopy offbreak outside off, pushed down to long-on. Easy single
30.6
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, too full outside off, Haris Sohail shuffles across and toe-ends the drive to mid-wicket
30.5
Shinwari to Sarfaraz, 1 run, opens the bat face and nudges this slower lebreak wide of backward point
30.4
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, 1 run, loopy down leg, flicked away through square leg
30.3
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, quicker outside off, Haris Sohail jumps back and cuts it square on the off-side
30.2
Shinwari to Sarfaraz, 1 run, pushed away into the off-side wide of cover, easy single
30.1
Shinwari to Sarfaraz, no run, dropped! This could be the game. A massive miss for Afghanistan. Low loopy full toss outside off and Sarfaraz crashed it straight back at the bowler off the toe end, it just doesn't stick these reflex catches sometimes... Shinwari crouched slightly in his followthroug and that may have curbed his natural instincts, straight in and straight out.
29.6
Mujeeb to Haris Sohail, no run, quicker and flatter outside off, Haris Sohail steers to backward point and thinks of quick single, Haris Sohail says no straightaway
29.5
Mujeeb to Sarfaraz, 1 run, very little spin on this slow offbreak, allows Sarfaraz to punch down to long-on off the back foot
29.4
Mujeeb to Haris Sohail, 1 run, flatter and faster outside off, punched down to long-on
29.3
Mujeeb to Sarfaraz, 1 run, drifting in with the arm, Sarfaraz goes deep inside the crease and punches it through covers
29.2
Mujeeb to Sarfaraz, no run, full on middle and leg, Sarfaraz toe-ends the drive to mid-on
29.1
Mujeeb to Hafeez, out Caught by Shahidi!! Hafeez throws away another start and its another offie who provides the breakthrough for Afghanistan. The carrom ball from Mujeeb, lured Hafeez into a cut/slap outside off and forced a miscue on that, chipped straight off the splice to backward point. Are Afghanistan back in this wkt (4-121) min (48m).Hafeez c Shahidi b Mujeeb 19(35) [4s-1]
28.6
Shinwari to Hafeez, 1 run, sits back and crunches the flatter delivery to deep cover
28.5
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fuller outside off, eased away down to long-on
28.4
Shinwari to Hafeez, 1 run, flat outside off, Hafeez shuffles across and directs the ball square on the off-side with an open bat face
28.3
Shinwari to Hafeez, no run, goes back and chops this legbreak off the under-edge into the off-side
28.2
Shinwari to Hafeez, no run, tossed full on off, Hafeez strides forward and defends into the off-side
28.1
Shinwari to Hafeez, no run, fuller on off, blocked into the off-side
27.6
Gulbadin Naib to Haris Sohail, no run, has he been strangled down leg? The keeper and bowler appeal but umpire Nigel Llong stands unmoved. Afghanistan do not have any reviews left. Pitches this on a length and it seemed to have taken some bat en route to the keeper, Haris Sohail tried to glance and there's a clear spike on UltraEdge. Oh, Afghanistan!
27.5
Gulbadin Naib to Haris Sohail, no run, stays beside the line of the length delivery and blocks it down under his eyes
27.4
Gulbadin Naib to Haris Sohail, FOUR, there was so much width on this and Haris Sohail ain't letting that go scot-free. Jumps back quickly and thrashes the cut behind square on the leg-side, thumped off the middle....
27.3
Gulbadin Naib to Haris Sohail, no run, pounds the slower ball on a length outside off, a swing and a miss for Haris Sohail
27.2
Gulbadin Naib to Hafeez, Byes, 1 run, takes the pace off yet again and Hafeez could not pick it, it grips and spins away past the outside edge. A fumble by the keeper allows the duo to sneak through...
27.1
Gulbadin Naib to Hafeez, no run, the offcutter bowled on a fuller length outside off, Hafeez doesn't force himself on the drive, just places it with an open face in front of backward point
26.6
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, full on middle and leg, driven back to the bowler
26.5
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, slow and spinning in towards off, Haris Sohail is rock solid in his forward defence
26.4
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, nudged away with soft hands to the left of short mid-wicket
26.3
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, moves across off and clips the ball to mid-wicket
26.2
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, forward and across, driven out to the right of mid-wicket
26.2
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, wide, gets greedy and drifts this down the leg-side, wided
26.1
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, FOUR, Gulbadin Naib may have to reconsider his ploy of sticking with Shinwari. Drops this short and gives Haris Sohail ample width to jump back and spank it through extra cover, well-timed and well-placed!
25.6
Gulbadin Naib to Hafeez, no run, very full and wide of off, may have been a wide had Hafeez left that. Wasn't to be. Just flails his bat at that and stabs it into the off-side off the bottom edge
25.5
Gulbadin Naib to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fullish and wide, Haris Sohail is happy to glide it down to third man
25.4
Gulbadin Naib to Hafeez, 1 run, this short ball refuses to rise outside off, Hafeez had to restrain his flow on the pull and somehow, manages to drag it off the cue end through mid-wicket
25.3
Gulbadin Naib to Haris Sohail, 1 run, goes round the wicket and angles it in outside off, Haris Sohail brings his bat close to his body and punches it square behind point
25.2
Gulbadin Naib to Hafeez, 1 run, full and stays low outside off, Hafeez does not try anything fancy, just a gentle dab fine of third man
25.1
Gulbadin Naib to Haris Sohail, 1 run, full and angling away outside off, Haris Sohail opens the face and steers it square of third man. Easy single
24.6
Shinwari to Hafeez, no run, much quicker outside off, Hafeez looks to run it fine of third man but no dice
24.5
Shinwari to Hafeez, FOUR, picks the length (short) late but does well to transfer his weight back quickly to heave the pull in the gap over mid-wicket. A risk worth taking? Pakistan's 100 is up anyway
24.4
Shinwari to Hafeez, no run, slow legbreak just outside off, Hafeez gets across to blunt it back to the bowler
24.3
Shinwari to Hafeez, 2 runs, flatter delivery outside off, Hafeez rocks back and slices it to deep point, two more
24.2
Shinwari to Hafeez, no run, played in front of point with soft hands
24.1
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, 1 run, drills the tossed up delivery down to long-on
23.6
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, this time, he reads the pace and sits forward in a dead-bat defence
23.5
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, flat just outside off, Hafeez's early into his drive and therefore, splices it back towards the bowler
23.4
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, drops this ball in front of cover and gets across for a quick single
23.3
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, so close to the edge! Loopy offbreak, pitches around off and rips past the outside edge to beat Haris Sohail all ends up on the forward stride
23.2
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, touch flatter outside off, Haris Sohail opens the face and dabs to point
23.1
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, 1 run, offbreak slightly slower around off-stump, Hafeez plays it late and plays it square on the off-side for a smart single
22.6
Shinwari to Hafeez, 1 run, dropped short around off, Hafeez rocks back and miscues the pull towards cow corner
22.5
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slower and spinning into the pads, clipped away to the right of deep square
22.4
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, full on off-stump, driven back to the bowler
22.3
Shinwari to Haris Sohail, no run, backs away and opens the bat face late to steer it to backward point
22.2
Shinwari to Hafeez, 1 run, quicker and attacking the stumps, Hafeez was late in bringing his bat down but he manages to splice the punch square on the off-side
22.1
Shinwari to Hafeez, no run, full on the stumps, driven back to the bowler
21.6
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, slower and spinning away outside off, Haris Sohail goes for the drive and gets a thick outside edge wide of slip. Short third tidies up...
21.5
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, similar channels, Haris Sohail finds cover with the drive
21.4
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, fuller and wider of off, Haris Sohail leans across and drives off the open face to point
21.3
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, 1 run, this one curves in late from a length, catches the inside half as Hafeez looks to turn it into the leg-side
21.2
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, slower and spinning in late, Hafeez goes deep inside the crease and splices the late cut towards short third man
21.1
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, flatter outside off, punched off the back foot to mid-off
20.6
Rashid Khan to Hafeez, 1 run, full outside off, Hafeez drives it past the diving right hand of wide mid-off
20.5
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slightly short outside off, Haris Sohail rocks back to cut it square on the off-side
20.4
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, quicker on off, blocked straight to mid-wicket
20.3
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, flicked away off the pads to the man at 45
20.2
Rashid Khan to Hafeez, 1 run, tossed up around off, Hafeez gets a soft outside edge on the push to backward point
20.1
Rashid Khan to Hafeez, no run, pushed back to the bowler
19.6
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, 1 run, allows the ball to spin in and then wrists it through mid-wicket for an easy single
19.5
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, prods across and blocks the offie with a dead bat
19.4
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, bends forward and negates the offbreak into the off-side
19.3
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, pushed through straight, worked away square on the leg-side with soft hands
19.2
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, 1 run, floated up on middle and leg, nudged away wide of mid-wicket
19.1
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, blocked from the crease into the leg-side
18.6
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, huge appeal for leg before but height and impact could have been the concern for umpire Paul Wilson. Gets some extra bounce on the legbreak and beats Haris Sohail on the forward defence. Replays in: Impact is umpire's call and it is going over the stumps
18.5
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, full on middle and leg, Haris Sohail shuffles forward and flicks to mid-wicket
18.4
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, slightly quicker on the pads, Haris Sohail goes back and smothers it into the leg-side
18.3
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, no run, googly outside off, Haris Sohail opens the bat face and dabs it to backward point
18.2
Rashid Khan to Hafeez, 1 run, slower and spinning away, Hafeez cuts to the right of backward point where Gulbadin Naib fails to pick the spin and lets it through his palms. Rashid Khan is not pleased one bit
18.1
Rashid Khan to Haris Sohail, leg byes, 1 run, mild appeal for leg before but it clearly pitched outside leg. Haris Sohail missed the glance and the ball rolls to fine leg off the thigh pad
17.6
Mohammad Nabi to Hafeez, no run, hangs back and blocks this offbreak into the off-side
17.5
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, pushes it fuller and wider of off, Haris Sohail leans across and sends the drive rolling through covers
17.4
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, slower and sliding in with the arm, Haris Sohail jumps back and blunts it down the pitch with soft hands
17.3
Mohammad Nabi to Haris Sohail, no run, fuller and flatter around off, Haris Sohail strides forward and blocks into the off-side
17.2
Mohammad Nabi to Babar Azam, out Bowled!! Mohammad Nabi has done it again, he just likes playing against his Asian counterparts. Sri Lanka first, India next and Pakistan now. Releases this offbreak with a cross seam and gets it to drift slightly to crash into the leg peg beating Babar Azam's ill-advised slogsweep. Clearly done him for the loop and dip there. No spin. Will this break the game even? Only time will tell wkt (3-81) min (63m). Babar Azam b Mohammad Nabi 45(51) [4s-5]
17.1
Mohammad Nabi to Babar Azam, no run, was that a drop? Don't think so. Pitches on middle and spis past Babar Azam's attempted glance, slight excitement but the keeper's dropped it anyway. Replays in: No bat.
16.6
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, 1 run, wrong 'un just outside off, Azam spots it and wrists it with the turn to long-on
16.5
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, FOUR, that's frustrating. Rashid induced the edge and Gulbadin Naib did his best to stop the boundary, but the ball rolls back to hit the ad cushions. Quicker leg-break outside off, Azam pushed with the bat away from the body and the outside edge runs away past slip, Gulbadin Naib gives chase from backward point and dives to flick the ball in play, but it rolls back on
16.4
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, 2 runs, fraction short and Azam is quick to pick that, mistimed the pull past mid-wicket and it allowed him to come back for the second
16.3
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, no run, flatter and dragged back length, Azam is back and across to defend
16.2
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, 2 runs, floated up outside off, Azam drives it wide of sweeper cover, Mujeeb can't stop the second
16.1
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, no run, wrong 'un around off, Azam prods forward and negates it
15.6
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, out Stumped!! Lovely piece of bowling. It was only a matter of time before Mohammad Nabi got the better of Imam. He had kept him on a leash and the southpaw decided to take him on, shimmies down the wicket and swings through the line, he is beaten in the air and the away turn, Ikram is quick enough to light up the stumps and catch Imam short as he tried to bring his bat down in the crease wkt (2-72) min (60m). Imam st Ikram b Nabi 36(51) [4s-4]
15.5
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, sliding on with the arm, Imam taps it gently adjacent to the surface on the leg-side
15.4
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, throws it wider and Imam is not able to middle the square cut, chopped to backward point
15.3
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, flighted around off, Imam defends it back to the bowler
15.2
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, tossed up around off, Imam outside halves the forward block to backward point
15.1
Mohammad Nabi to Babar Azam, 1 run, very full delivery on middle and leg, Azam sweeps it to long leg
14.6
Rashid Khan to Imam, no run, keeps it nice and close to off-stump, Imam is solid in his back foot block
14.5
Rashid Khan to Imam, no run, appeal for LBW. Nothing from umpire Paul Wilson. The quicker delivery that slides on, Imam is caught in the crease and is beaten for pace, rapped on the pads but height was an issue. It was going over the stumps. And the ball had pitched outside leg as well
14.4
Rashid Khan to Imam, no run, googly on the shorter side, Imam hangs back and knocks it to Rashid
14.3
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter, quicker and on off, nurdled away to backward square leg
14.2
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, FOUR, another long hop and with the kind of form Azam is in, he ain't missing out. He quickly transfers his weight back and pulls the wrong 'un wide of long-on, one bounce and over the ropes
14.1
Rashid Khan to Babar Azam, 2 runs, starts with a half tracker outside off, Azam cracks the cut behind square on the off-side and Afghanistan's best fielder, Najibullah, ensures it is only a brace
13.6
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, beaten! Ikram went up for a caught behind. But it was half-hearted. Once again Mohammad Nabi gets it to rip away from the left hander, Imam plays for the drift and inside the line, the ball turns past his outside edge
13.5
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, 2 runs, flighted outside off, Imam ensures that he places the drive between the two men at cover, picks up a brace
13.4
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, lovely delivery! There was turn and bounce. Drifts in with the angle and then turns, Imam presses forward and plays for the original angle coming in, but the spin beats his outside edge
13.3
Mohammad Nabi to Babar Azam, 1 run, looped up and dips in front of the batsman, nudged away to deep mid-wicket
13.2
Mohammad Nabi to Babar Azam, no run, tossed up close to off, Azam brings his bat in front of the pad to defend
13.1
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, 1 run, dragged back length allows Imam to hang back and punch it square on the off-side, for a single
12.6
Gulbadin Naib to Babar Azam, 2 runs, these two are putting the Afghanistan fielders under pressure. Short of length delivery which Azam tucks past the square leg umpire, Mujeeb was the fielder in the deep and he was not able to prevent the second
12.5
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, 1 run, change of pace and since the slip was removed, Imam runs it down to third man
12.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, 2 runs, brilliant cricket all round. The dipping slower delivery on middle and leg, Imam clips it through the vacant mid-wicket pocket and called for two, Rashid charged towards the ball and released it while he was in the air, but Azam had beaten him to the throw at the bowler's end
12.3
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, slanted across the left hander, Imam lifts his bat and lets it go
12.2
Gulbadin Naib to Babar Azam, 1 run, very full and outside off, Azam bends down and slices the square drive past point, they are not risking the second because Rashid was the fielder in the deep
12.1
Gulbadin Naib to Babar Azam, no run, pitched up outside off, Azam drives it straight back and Gulbadin Naib parries it to mid-off. He clutches his right hand in pain as that was struck firmly by Azam
11.6
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, keeps it nice and tight near the off-stump, blocked off the front foot
11.5
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, floated up outside off, Imam blocks it to the squarer of the two covers
11.4
Mohammad Nabi to Babar Azam, 1 run, waits for the ball to spin in and nurdles it backward of square leg, for a single
11.3
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, 1 run, risky single and Azam gets away with it. Imam pats it into the off-side and sets off, stops before continuing with the run. The throw went to the striker's end and Azam had made it in. The good thing was Azam never stopped and sprinted right through
11.2
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, flighted around off, Imam drops it into the off-side and looks for a non-existent single
11.1
Mohammad Nabi to Imam, no run, tossed up from round the wicket, Imam presses forward and defends
10.6
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, flatter delivery and Azam mistimes the punch into the leg-side. He's lost a bit of his timing in the last couple of overs
10.5
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, flighted around off, Azam plunges forward and blocks it into the off-side
10.4
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, in the air and short of Mujeeb. The carrom ball holds on the surface, Azam is through the back foot punch and the ball lobs up before it lands in front of Mujeeb
10.3
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, sliding down leg, Azam's leg glance goes straight to short fine
10.2
Mujeeb to Imam, 1 run, lands it fuller than he would have liked, wristed away to long-on
10.1
Mujeeb to Imam, 2 runs, fraction short and outside off, Imam cuts it behind square on the off-side and scampers back for the second
9.6
Gulbadin Naib to Babar Azam, no run, might have been the slower delivery and Azam steers it to Mohammad Nabi at wide slip
9.5
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Imam opens the bat face and dabs it to third man
9.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, fuller and outside off, Imam push-drives it with a big stride forward, straight to cover
9.3
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, 2 runs, short of length on off, Imam shuffles across and clips it off his hips to deep backward square, he pushed for two and got it with ease
9.2
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, fuller and just outside off, Imam moves forward and defends it back
9.1
Gulbadin Naib to Babar Azam, 1 run, back of a length around off, Azam tucks it to mid-wicket and wanted two, Imam says "no"
8.6
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, 1 run, drifting in with the arm, Azam eases it away to long-on
8.5
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, flatter and around off, Azam inside halves the punch down the wicket
8.4
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, was that a drop? Mujeeb has his hands on his head. Carrom ball outside off, Azam presses forward to drive and there might have been a feather, Ikram is slow to react and the ball hits his glove before going to ground
8.3
Mujeeb to Imam, 1 run, wrong 'un that goes on with the angle, nudged away to backward square leg
8.2
Mujeeb to Imam, no run, googly that has a bit of extra bounce, Imam stands tall to ride the bounce and defend
8.1
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, 1 run, uses his feet to counter the carrom ball and drives it down to long-on
7.6
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, on a length and outside off, Imam shuffle across, lifts his bat and lets it go
7.5
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, full and slanting in on off, Imam drives it to mid-on and this time Asgar is up for it
7.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, FOUR, now a misfield gives Imam a boundary. It was an easy stop and Asgar makes a meal of it. Imam checks his push and the ball rolls to mid-on, where Asgar goes down unnecessarily and allows the ball to escape past him
7.3
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, FOUR, edged and four! Where's the slip? Gulbadin Naib has nobody but himself to blame. First slip would have gobbled that up. Angled in and the ball held its line, Imam prods forward to defend and the outside edge runs away through the slip cordon
7.2
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, fuller than a good length, Imam is back and across to defend it into the off-side
7.1
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, 2 runs, angled in from round the wicket, clipped away to deep mid-wicket and Shinwari makes a slight fumble, second stolen
6.6
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, the appeal was not convincing and so was the review. Not sure who prompted Gulbadin Naib to go for it. The googly that turns in, Azam had a big stride forward and is struck outside off, Mujeeb went up but aborted quickly. Ikram might be the one who persuaded his captain to take the review
6.5
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, was there some wood? Sliding down leg, Azam leans forward and misses the glance, but there was some contact but Ikram could not glove it cleanly. Might have been the pad
6.4
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, drifting in, Azam plunges forward and offers a dead-bat in defence
6.3
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, carrom ball on off-stump, Azam prods forward and blocks it down the wicket
6.2
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, fraction short and around off, Azam punches it to cover-point
6.1
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, off-break outside off, Azam gets a good stride forward and defends to cover
5.6
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, floaty full delivery outside off, Imam watches it closely and lets it pass
5.5
Gulbadin Naib to Babar Azam, 1 run, walks across and flicks the full delivery from off-stump to deep mid-wicket
5.4
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Imam opens the bat face and steers it to third man
5.3
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, fuller and drawing the batsman forward, Imam drives and cannot beat a diving Rashid at cover. Good stop to his right
5.2
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, short and wee bit of width on offer, Imam cracks the cut straight to Najibullah at backward point
5.1
Gulbadin Naib to Imam, no run, starts with a gentle angler outside off, Imam lifts his bat and lets it go
4.6
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, quicker off-break and Azam drives it straight back to Mujeeb, who does well to make the stop
4.5
Mujeeb to Imam, 1 run, drags the length back on the carrom ball and is punched to long-on
4.4
Mujeeb to Imam, no run, wrong 'un with bit more air, Imam plunges forward and defends to cover
4.3
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, 1 run, he's been on the shorter side this over, picked away off the pads to deep square leg
4.2
Mujeeb to Imam, 1 run, the shorter length allows Imam to hang back and punch it down the ground to long-on
4.1
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter delivery on off and middle, punched down to long-on
3.6
Hamid to Babar Azam, 1 run, short of length outside off, Azam rides the bounce and cuts it behind point, third man keeps it down to a single. Hassan signals to his captain and is walking off. Hope he comes back for one last spell..
3.5
Hamid to Babar Azam, no run, back of a length on off, Azam is right behind the line to defend it back. Once more Hassan is on his haunches after deliverying this ball. He will continue to bowl..
3.4
Hamid to Babar Azam, FOUR, Azam is looking in his elements. This was just a twirl of the wrists and the timing is such that it keeps racing away from the fielder. Fuller on middle and leg, Azam flicks it past mid-wicket and the timing is good enough
3.3
Hamid to Babar Azam, no run, nice channels from Hassan. Hits the good length spot and gets it to deviate away outside off, Azam goes feeling for the ball and is beaten on the outside edge
3.2
Hamid to Babar Azam, no run, on a length and outside off, Azam is half-forward and defending to point
3.1
Hamid to Babar Azam, FOUR, edged and four! Azam might have beaten for movement but he played it with soft hands. Good length ball nips away, Azam prods forward and plays it with a loose grip, the outside edge goes all along the ground to third man
2.6
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, 1 run, too straight - on middle and leg, picked away to deep square leg
2.5
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, drifting in and Azam misses the nudge to the leg-side, struck on the pad but there's no appeal as it was sliding down leg
2.4
Mujeeb to Imam, 1 run, on middle and leg line, Imam presses forward and clips it through square leg
2.3
Mujeeb to Imam, no run, slower and around off, Imam prods forward and blocks it into the off-side
2.2
Mujeeb to Imam, FOUR, errs in line and is made to pay. Pushes the carrom ball well down leg, Imam helps it along the way with a neat leg-glance, the pace of Mujeeb ensures it beat the short fine fielder comfortably
2.1
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, 1 run, straying down leg, Azam nurdles it backward of square leg and settles with a single
1.6
Hamid to Imam, no run, on a length and slanted outside off, Imam lifts his bat and lets it go
1.5
Hamid to Imam, no run, fuller and around off, Imam comes forward and pushes it firmly to mid-off
1.4
Hamid to Imam, no run, closer but not close enough to warrant a shot from Imam, he keeps his bat inside the line and leaves
1.3
Hamid to Imam, no run, angled across the left hander, Imam spots the line outside off and lets it pass
1.2
Hamid to Imam, FOUR, not timed but Imam will take it. Short of length just outside off, he stays on the back foot and pulls it in front of square on the leg-side, the timing wasn't there but the ball still reached the fence
1.1
Hamid to Imam, no run, rippah! That is a superb delivery to start your spell. Back of a length and Hassan gets it to climb awkwardly, Imam has a poke with his feet stuck to the crease and almost nicks off. The ball thuds into the mitts of the 'keeper
0.6
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, 2 runs, on the pads, Azam nurdles it to short fine and Asgar dives over the ball, gives away a couple
0.5
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, FOUR, overpitched and Azam gets Pakistan underway with a sumptuous cover drive. He leans forward and transfers his weight into the shot, pierces the off-side field and the outfield takes care of the rest
0.4
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, drifts in with the arm and Azam inside halves his push into the leg-side
0.3
Mujeeb to Babar Azam, no run, flighted outside off, Azam pushes it firmly towards mid-off
0.2
Mujeeb to Fakhar Zaman, out Lbw!! It was a tough one for the third umpire. But there was no enough evidence for him to judge whether there was an inside edge or not. In the end, he goes in favour of the onfield call. He reckons there's a clear gap between bat and ball and the initial spike was ball touching the pad and not bat. This is similar to Rohit's dismissal against West Indies with the UltraEdge, but the TV ump took a lot more to time to make his call this time. Zaman's poor World Cup run stretches one more game.. He was dismissed in a similar fashion in the 2018 Asia Cup. The carrom ball that skids on and beats the inside edge as he prods forward to defend, struck in front of off-stump and ball-tracking showed it to be hitting leg-stump. Pakistan not only lose their opener for a duck but also lose their only review wkt (1-0) min (4m). Fakhar Zaman lbw b Mujeeb 0(2)
0.1
Mujeeb to Fakhar Zaman, no run, carrom ball drifting in outside off, Zaman plunges forward and defends
Commentary
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Shaheen Afridi
Hamid,Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Shinwari,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
