49.3
Chris Morris to Malinga, out Caught by Du Plessis!! Holes out to mid-off this time. The hard length and Malinga wanted to go over the infield down the ground. The length and line cramped him, inducing a miscue that lobbed up at a comfortable height for Faf wkt (10-203) min (7m). Malinga c Du Plessis b Chris Morris 4(2) [4s-1]
49.2
Chris Morris to Malinga, FOUR, wow, what a shot! 200 up for SL in some style. Malinga backed away and got width on this shorter length, cut it hard behind point. Lovely placement
49.1
Chris Morris to Lakmal, 1 run, slower ball on the pads, worked away to deep mid-wicket
48.6
Rabada to Lakmal, 1 run, quite full and angling into Lakmal who bunts the drive to mid-off. Direct hit at the bowler's end would taken out Lakmal but not on target
48.5
Rabada to Lakmal, no run, slower and shorter once again, Lakmal tries to get bat on it but can't
48.4
Rabada to Lakmal, no run, dropped! Dolly and Faf has shelled it. Was a typical tailender miscue from Lakmal who made room for the heave. Lost timing and sent it to mid-on where the SA skipper put it down
48.3
Rabada to Udana, out Caught&Bowled!! Top edge, big top edge and it goes straight up. Rabada calls for it and settles under the skier rather easily. No fireworks from Udana who was trying hard to slog some. This was the short ball that got big on him and induced the miscue. Decent effort from Udana in terms of his intent but couldn't quite translate that into quicker runs wkt (9-197) min (40m). Udana c and b Rabada 17(32) [4s-1]
48.2
Rabada to Lakmal, 1 run, back of a length this time and it's flat-batted past the bowler down the ground
48.1
Rabada to Udana, 1 run, another miscue from Udana who backed away for the swishy drive and sliced it aerially. Just short of mid-off
47.6
Chris Morris to Udana, 1 run, short and angling into Udana who glances it away down to fine leg
47.5
Chris Morris to Lakmal, 1 run, fuller and angling in on leg stump, clipped through square leg for a single
47.4
Chris Morris to Udana, 1 run, very full and outside off, jammed out to mid-off for a single
47.3
Chris Morris to Udana, no run, another play and a miss! Udana continues to make room and swings hard. Doesn't connect
47.2
Chris Morris to Udana, no run, just short of Amla at point! Udana backs away again for the cut but gets a slice that nearly got to the fielder
47.1
Chris Morris to Udana, no run, swing and a miss! Slot ball and Udana backed away for an massive swish. Doesn't connect and he's livid with himself
46.6
Rabada to Udana, 1 run, fiery bumper and Udana fends with a slight jump, helps it to the FSL area
46.5
Rabada to Udana, no run, how did this miss the stumps? Slower ball from Rabada and Udana had backed away early for the cut but misses. This keeps low too but just about goes over the sticks
46.4
Rabada to Udana, no run, just short of backward point! Udana has started to play his shots. Wanted to cut this away hard and couldn't keep it down. Doesn't carry to the fielder
46.3
Rabada to Udana, 2 runs, just over mid-off! RVD tried leaping but it was comfortably over him in the end. The hard length from Rabada and Udana's attempted lofted drive never really took off. Fortunate to get it over the infield
46.2
Rabada to Udana, no run, goes past the edge! On a good length and angling in, Udana pushes inside the line and it straightens off the pitch to whiz past the blade
46.1
Rabada to Lakmal, 1 run, shortish and rises a bit off the deck as Lakmal fends awkwardly to the leg-side
45.6
Phehlukwayo to Udana, FOUR, much-needed for SL! Fuller one from Phehlukwayo and Udana drilled it past mid-off who was up in the ring. Valuable boundary for the Lankans
45.5
Phehlukwayo to Udana, no run, banged in short on middle and leg, Udana ducks under the bumper
45.4
Phehlukwayo to Udana, no run, fuller and angling in on off stump, defended firmly back to Phehlukwayo
45.3
Phehlukwayo to Perera, out Caught by Rabada!! Big blow for Sri Lanka! They would have wanted Perera to bat through and ensure respectability to the total. Not to be. Was a short ball that deceived him a bit as he went for the aerial pull. Didn't connect as well as he would have liked and Rabada took a fine diving catch moving forward at deep mid-wicket. He misjudged initially but then made up really well. Umpires wanted to be sure, although the soft signal from them was OUT anyways. Third umpire has a look on replays and is happy that it's a clean catch wkt (8-184) min (41m). Perera c Rabada b Phehlukwayo 21(25)
45.2
Phehlukwayo to Udana, 1 run, slower ball outside off, Udana pats it towards the cover region
45.1
Phehlukwayo to Perera, 1 run, leg stumpish and it's worked away through square leg for a single
44.6
Tahir to Perera, 1 run, a bit of spin on this flatter leg break, Perera knocks it to mid-on and pinches a single to retain strike
44.5
Tahir to Udana, 1 run, flatter and on off stump, stabbed towards the cover region for a single
44.4
Tahir to Udana, no run, slider on middle and off, pushed off the front foot back to Tahir
44.3
Tahir to Udana, no run, flatter one, a bit wide but also skids a bit as Udana shapes for the cut. Gets a bottom edge onto the pitch
44.2
Tahir to Udana, no run, looped up nicely but it's very full and Udana can't do much except dig it out
44.1
Tahir to Perera, 1 run, slower and around off, whipped away down the ground to long-on
43.6
Phehlukwayo to Perera, 1 run, shortish and outside off, punched towards mid-off and Perera briskly calls Udana across
43.5
Phehlukwayo to Perera, no run, ouch! Slower ball once again and Perera wanted to swipe across the line, misses completely and gets struck on the thigh
43.4
Phehlukwayo to Udana, 1 run, banged in short with no real pace on it, Udana miscues the pull towards the mid-wicket region
43.3
Phehlukwayo to Udana, no run, slower and fuller outside off, Udana drives fluently but cannot beat short cover
43.2
Phehlukwayo to Udana, 2 runs, shortish and angling into Udana who gets a thick inside edge through backward square leg. Lazy fielding allows an easy brace
43.1
Phehlukwayo to Perera, 1 run, accurate from Phehlukwayo as he lands it on middle and leg, Perera somehow stays leg-side and squeezes the drive but can't beat mid-off
42.6
Tahir to Udana, no run, flatter and very full as well, Udana manages to squeeze it out
42.5
Tahir to Perera, 1 run, slower and fuller outside off, driven firmly down the ground to long-off
42.4
Tahir to Perera, no run, one hand goes off in this attempted whip from Perera but he picks out mid-wicket
42.3
Tahir to Perera, no run, flatter and outside off, punched off the back foot to cover
42.2
Tahir to Perera, 2 runs, in the air...safe! Half-tracker and Perera goes for the meaty pull but doesn't get hold of it properly. Doesn't carry to deep mid-wicket
42.1
Tahir to Perera, no run, flatter and outside off, punched off the back foot towards cover
41.6
Phehlukwayo to Udana, no run, extra bounce from a short length and Udana probably took his eyes off early expecting the short ball but it wasn't to be. Off the bat handle towards point
41.6
Phehlukwayo to Udana, wide, poor ball from Phehlukwayo as he sprays this very wide down leg
41.5
Phehlukwayo to Udana, no run, fuller and outside off, pushed with soft hands to point
41.4
Phehlukwayo to Perera, 1 run, shortish and on off, punched down the ground to long-on
41.3
Phehlukwayo to Udana, 1 run, short of a length wider outside off, uppish cut but well wide of backward point. Down to third man
41.2
Phehlukwayo to Udana, no run, fuller and angling in on off stump, Udana presses forward and defends
41.1
Phehlukwayo to Perera, 1 run, slower and short on leg stump, worked away through mid-wicket for a single
40.6
Tahir to Udana, no run, fuller and around middle, Udana pushes at it with hard hands and gets a thick inside edge to mid-wicket
40.5
Tahir to Perera, 1 run, more flight and on off stump, flicked away through mid-wicket for a single
40.4
Tahir to Perera, 2 runs, spinning into the pads, Perera works it away through square leg for a brace
40.3
Tahir to Udana, 1 run, flighted outside off, worked away through the off-side
40.2
Tahir to Udana, no run, fuller and outside off, pushed off the front foot towards cover
40.1
Tahir to Udana, no run, fuller and around middle, defended off the front foot to cover
39.6
Chris Morris to Perera, no run, another bouncer around middle and off, Perera ducks under it
39.5
Chris Morris to J Mendis, out Caught by Pretorius!! The short ball works finally for SA. They were trying a few in recent overs, not quite on target then but this was smartly done by Morris. Saw Mendis moving around and banged it really short to induce the fat top edge. Plenty of time for Pretorius at fine leg to settle under the skier wkt (7-163) min (54m). J Mendis c Pretorius b Chris Morris 18(46) [4s-1 6s-1]
39.4
Chris Morris to J Mendis, no run, shortish and closer to off, Mendis stays back and blocks it out
39.4
Chris Morris to J Mendis, wide, dug in short and it's well-directed as well, Mendis evades it
39.3
Chris Morris to J Mendis, 2 runs, back of a length and Mendis launches the pull over mid-wicket. Over the infield and the fielder in the deep gets across with a slide
39.2
Chris Morris to J Mendis, no run, closer to the off pole from a good length, dabbed with soft hands to point
39.1
Chris Morris to Perera, 1 run, short of a length and Perera fetches it with a pull to deep mid-wicket
38.6
Duminy to Perera, 3 runs, sliding into the pads, Perera hangs back deep in the crease and glances it past short fine leg. Won't make the fence but they'll get three more. All of a sudden, there is a lot of intent out there
38.5
Duminy to Perera, no run, flatter and outside off, Perera gets on the front foot and blocks it
38.5
Duminy to Perera, wide, 5  freebies for Sri Lanka! Duminy floats this well down leg and it beats Perera's flick as well as de Kock. First slip chases it to the fine leg fence but can't retrieve it
38.4
Duminy to J Mendis, 1 run, attempts the slog sweep initially but the line is wider, as is the length shorter, and he ends up dabbing it past backward point
38.3
Duminy to J Mendis, FOUR, just clears mid-on! Mendis probably wants to change gears now and even if it's a risky approach, it might be worth it considering SL's slowish run rate. Walks down for the loft and despite the miscue, gets it over the leaping fielder in the ring
38.2
Duminy to Perera, 1 run, another mix up but Mendis is sent back in time! Was a slider from Duminy and Perera got a faint inside edge onto the pad as it trickled past short fine leg. For some reason, Perera felt there was two there and realized the error just in time
38.1
Duminy to Perera, no run, flatter and on a good length, pushed off the back foot to cover
37.6
Chris Morris to J Mendis, no run, quite full and attacking the stumps, Mendis defends solidly off the front foot
37.5
Chris Morris to J Mendis, SIX, this has come out of nowhere! Mendis' innings has crawled along till now and he desperately wanted a release shot. Does so by clubbing this short of a length ball over deep backward square leg. Connected well and also got the placement right. Might just settle him a bit
37.4
Chris Morris to Perera, 1 run, direct hit and Perera was not even in the frame! Faf perhaps had a second more than he thought he did and tried to get the throw away quickly at the bowler's end. Doesn't hit. Was a fuller ball that Perera knocked in front of mid-on and called J Mendis across for a suicidal single. Big escape!
37.3
Chris Morris to J Mendis, 1 run, shortish and a hint of width, Mendis punches off the back foot past the diving backward point fielder. Third man tidies up
37.2
Chris Morris to J Mendis, no run, fractionally short and skiddy, Mendis tries to fetch the pull but gets an under-edge to mid-on
37.1
Chris Morris to Perera, 1 run, strays onto the pads from a good length, Perera shuffles a bit and glances it down to fine leg
36.6
Duminy to J Mendis, no run, drifting in on middle and leg, Mendis leans across and smothers it
36.5
Duminy to J Mendis, no run, nearly dragged on! No room but Mendis makes room for the cut. It's the slider from Duminy and catches an inside edge onto the pad
36.4
Duminy to J Mendis, no run, wanted to slog sweep this, Mendis but then adjusts with a forward defence to cover
36.3
Duminy to J Mendis, no run, fuller and flatter, jammed out to mid-on
36.2
Duminy to Perera, 1 run, floated up wider outside off, driven down the ground to long-off
36.1
Duminy to Dhananjayade Silva, out Bowled!! Shocker of a stroke! Imagine playing out all the tougher bowlers with patience and clarity, and then doing something as risky as this on a tough pitch. Like most SL batsmen of the current team, Dhananjayade Silva also does a brain fade. This was a leg stumpish delivery and he premeditated the reverse sweep. Missed it totally and deflected off the trouser pocket onto the stumps. Waste of a wicket! wkt (6-135) min (54m). Dhananjayade Silva b Duminy 24(41) [4s-2]
35.6
Rabada to J Mendis, no run, shortish and outside off, Mendis hangs back and punches it to point
35.5
Rabada to J Mendis, no run, dug in short outside off, Mendis wanted to pull but then bails out
35.4
Rabada to J Mendis, no run, short of a length angling in from outside off, Mendis shoulders arms
35.3
Rabada to J Mendis, no run, closer to the off pole from a good length, Mendis gets behind the line and defends to point
35.2
Rabada to J Mendis, no run, dug in short around middle and off, Mendis ducks under it
35.1
Rabada to J Mendis, no run, angling across Mendis on a good length, Mendis shoulders arms to it
34.6
Phehlukwayo to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, back of a length angling in around off, blocked well from the crease
34.5
Phehlukwayo to J Mendis, 1 run, in the air but well wide of the fine leg fielder who eventually gets across to his right. Was a skiddy shortish length ball that Mendis went after with a swivel pull. Wasn't in control to be honest but managed to get away
34.4
Phehlukwayo to J Mendis, no run, on a good length on off stump, Mendis hangs back and defends it well
34.3
Phehlukwayo to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, back of a length outside off, extra bounce and it's steered down to third man
34.2
Phehlukwayo to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, terrific shot! Short and wide, real gift and Dhananjayade Silva pounces on it. Sits back and carves the cut through point. On top of the bounce and through the gap as well. Shot!
34.1
Phehlukwayo to J Mendis, 1 run, slower and shorter on leg stump, Mendis gets inside the line to pull but it cames slowly off the deck. Somehow gets it down to fine leg
33.6
Rabada to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Rabada comes back and delivers a maiden. This is not a bad time to be bowling. It was on a length and was on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva had no intention of playing an aggressive shot and defended it straight to cover
33.5
Rabada to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a good length and wide of off, left alone
33.4
Rabada to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Dhananjayade Silva hops a touch to get in line and punches it to cover
33.3
Rabada to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva defended it back
33.2
Rabada to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, fuller and wider, Dhananjayade Silva stays put and drives it straight to mid-off
33.1
Rabada to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva gets behind it and defends it back
32.6
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, lots of flight and wide of off, Mendis comes forward and drives it straight to cover
32.5
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, on the stumps and Mendis eases it to the on-side
32.4
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Mendis tucks it to square leg
32.3
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, shuffled towards the off-side and punches it, finds backward point
32.2
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, pushed it back with a straight bat
32.1
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, some intent straightaway after drinks break. Tahir gave it a flight, Dhananjayade Silva went down on his knees and swept it wide of deep mid-wicket for a single
31.6
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, it was full and was well wide of off, no way Mendis is touching that. Left alone!
31.5
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, punched it to mid-on with a straight bat and charges for a quick single. He makes it with ease in the end
31.4
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, blocks it back with a straight bat
31.3
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, fuller and on the pads, Dhananjayade Silva flicked it wide of fine leg and he will come back for a brace
31.2
Pretorius to J Mendis, leg byes, 1 run, down the leg-side and Mendis tucks it wide of square leg, deflected off the thigh pad
31.1
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, lifts his bat and lets it go
30.6
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, boundary after a while for Sri Lanka. It was full and there was ample room, Dhananjayade Silva came forward and flays into the drive. Times it well and it races to the four!
30.5
Tahir to J Mendis, 1 run, drives it wide of mid-off and collects a single
30.4
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, very full and on the stumps, J Mendis blocked it to cover
30.3
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, defended to to the off-side
30.2
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, shouts of catch it but it was wide of cover. Dhananjayade Silva wanted to work it to the on-side, closed the face of the bat early and leading edge took it in the air. Luckily for Dhananjayade Silva it landed in no man's land
30.1
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, drives it staright down the ground and collects a brace
29.6
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, another leave to end the over. Last three overs for Pretorius: 3-2-1-1. Sensational!
29.5
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, similar length, similar line and similar rection from the batsman
29.4
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, another delivery which was wide of stumps and Mendis wasn't in a mood to flirt at it, left alone
29.3
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Jeevan lifts his bat and lets it go
29.2
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, fuller and wider, Mendis gets behind it and blocks it back
29.1
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, dabs it to third man
28.6
Tahir to J Mendis, no run, defended to square leg
28.5
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, flighted delivery spinning away from Dhananjayade Silva, he backs away, makes room and punches it wide of cover
28.4
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva clipped to to square leg
28.3
Tahir to J Mendis, 1 run, it was in the air but wide of Tahir. He gave this one lot of air, it turned in and clipped Mendis high on the bat. It ended up at long-on for a single
28.2
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, loppy delivery on the stumps and Dhananjayade Silva knocks it down to long-on
28.1
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, blocked it back with a straight bat
27.6
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, now a wicket maiden. His last over was also a maiden. It was on the stumps and Mendis defended it back
27.5
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, on a fuller length and outside off, Mendis blocked it back
27.4
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, left alone
27.3
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, fuller and wider, Jeevan went for a drive but it went past his outside edge
27.2
Pretorius to J Mendis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Mendis lifts his bat and lets it go
27.1
Pretorius to Kusal Mendis, out Caught by Chris Morris!! Kusal Mendis's horror time in the World Cup continues! Gee! He has had a tough time. It was short but there was not enough room, Kusal Mendis still went after it. He wanted to loft it over the in-field but fails to counter the extra bounce and ends up slicing the cut to cover-point where Morris takes a fine diving catch. Pretorius celebrates with an exaggerated jump! His third wicket of the day wkt (5-111) min (75m). Kusal Mendis c Chris Morris b Pretorius 23(51) [4s-2]
26.6
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Kusal Mendis eases it to long-on
26.5
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, touch short and wide of off, Kusal Mendis goes back and cuts it wide of point. He will collect a brace
26.4
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, loppy delivery on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva knocks it down to long-on
26.3
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, quicker and shorter, it was down the leg-side and Kusal Mendis tucked it wide of square leg
26.2
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, wanted to advance, Tahir saw that and pushed it wide. Kusal Mendis had to go back and steer it to short third
26.1
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, starts with a flatter delivery, Kusal Mendis clipped it to short mid-wicket who dives and fields it
25.6
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, maiden from Pretorius! He has been superb today! It was fuller and was on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva had no intention of providing force and pushed it gently to mid-off
25.5
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva tucks it to square leg
25.4
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva defends it to cover
25.3
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, stays put in the crease and punched it to cover
25.2
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Dhananjayade Silva defended it back
25.1
Pretorius to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Dhananjayade Silva comes on the front foot and drives it straight to mid-off
24.6
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Kusal Mendis clipped it to mid-wicket
24.5
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, defends it to the on-side
24.4
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, this was spinning away from Kusal Mendis, he wanted to dab it wide of short third man. But there was no room and ends up cramped up, hits it straight to short third
24.3
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, pushes it with the spin for a single
24.2
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, flighted and spinning away from Kusal Mendis, he prods forward and pushes it away from the body, finds the gap wide of cover
24.1
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and on the stumps, it skidded off the deck. Kusal Mendis adjusts it well and works it to the on-side
23.6
Chris Morris to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Dhananjayade Silva blocked it to cover
23.5
Chris Morris to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, this was closer to the stumps and Dhananjayade Silva punched it to cover
23.4
Chris Morris to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Dhananjayade Silva leaves it alone like a
23.3
Chris Morris to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, defended it to the off-side
23.2
Chris Morris to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, this one nipped back in off a good length, Dhananjayade Silva jumps a touch and defends it back
23.1
Chris Morris to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, fuller and down the leg-side, Dhananjayade Silva clips it wide of square leg and will come back for a double
22.6
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, now, the wrong 'un which spins into Dhananjayade Silva. He tucks it to the on-side and collects a single
22.5
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, flatter and targeting the stumps, it was very full and Dhananjayade Silva defended it back
22.4
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, lots of flight on this delivery, it was wide of off and Dhananjayade Silva defends it back
22.3
Tahir to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, flighted and just wide of off, Dhananjayade Silva stays put and blocks it to cover
22.2
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, googly on the stumps, Kusal Mendis pulled it to deep mid-wicket
22.1
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and wide of off, Kusal Mendis defends it to the off-side
21.6
Chris Morris to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, blocked it back with a straight bat
21.5
Chris Morris to Mathews, out Bowled!! This is poor from Mathews! You expect a guy of his experience to show more composure in the middle. He ran out of patience and advanced down the track. Chris Morris dished it out wide and he went for an ugly whack to the on-side. It clipped his inside edge and came back to kiss the stumps. Sri Lanka in a spot of bother! wkt (4-100) min (48m) .Mathews b Chris Morris 11(29) [4s-1]
21.4
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, on a fuller length and targeting the stumps, Mathews just eases it to square leg
21.3
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, on a back of a length and on the stumps, Mathews stays put in the crease. He hops a touch and tucks it to square leg
21.2
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Mathews defends it to the off-side
21.1
Chris Morris to Mathews, FOUR, intent from Mathews! Charges down on this delivery, takes Chris Morris by surprise and tonks over the head of mid-on for a boundary
20.6
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, flighted and wide of off, it spins away and Kusal Mendis leaves it alone
20.5
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, flatter one attacking the stumps, Kusal Mendis gets behind it and tucks it straight to mid-wicket
20.4
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, flighted and on the stumps, Kusal Mendis works it to mid-wicket
20.3
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, no run, defends it with the spin to square leg
20.2
Tahir to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, Tahir overcompensates! It was short and was a googly too, Kusal Mendis rocks back and pulls it wide of deep square leg for a boundary
20.1
Tahir to Mathews, 1 run, starts with a full toss and Mathews smahses it to deep mid-wicket
19.6
Chris Morris to Kusal Mendis, no run, very full and attacking the stumps, Kusal Mendis transfers his weight forward quickly and pushes it to mid-on
19.5
Chris Morris to Mathews, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Mathews lets the ball arrive and uses his wrists to work it to fine leg
19.4
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, fuller and outside off, Mathews stays put in the crease and tucks it straight to mid-wicket
19.3
Chris Morris to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, there was width and Kusal Mendis dabs it down to third man
19.2
Chris Morris to Kusal Mendis, no run, this one nipped back in off the deck. Kusal Mendis wanted to guide it to third man but he was cramped for room and ends up hitting it to slip
19.1
Chris Morris to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, room was there on this delivery and Kusal Mendis punches it wide of backward point. He will come back for a brace
18.6
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Kusal Mendis steers it to third man and retains the strike
18.5
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, this one was on the pads, Kusal Mendis was looking to flick initially but was beaten by the extra pace and decides it is better to defend
18.4
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, much fuller and wide of off, Kusal Mendis plunges forward and pushes it straight to cover
18.3
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, gets behind this delivery and defends it back
18.2
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, this delivery jumped off a back of a length. Kusal Mendis was taken aback by the extra bounce, it struck the splice of the bat and ended up to the off-side
18.1
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a good length and coming back into Kusal Mendis. The line was well wide of off and Kusal decides to leave it alone
17.6
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, this was much fuller and it was on the stumps again, Mathews gets behind it and defends it to cover
17.5
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, on a back of a length and on the stumps, it keeps a shade low. Mathews hops a touch, adjusts well and blocks it back with a straight bat
17.4
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, not a great deal of foot movement again from Mathews. He lets it comes to him and eases it to square leg
17.3
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, touch fuller of good length and on the stumps, inside half of the bat takes it to square leg
17.2
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, stays put in the crease and defends it back with a straight bat
17.2
Chris Morris to Mathews, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
17.1
Chris Morris to Mathews, no run, edged but short of Amla at slip. It was full and was on the stumps, it moved away ever-so-slightly. Mathews wanted to work it to the on-side, he gets squared up. It kissed his outside edge but it landed short of Amla who was standing a touch deep
16.6
Rabada to Mathews, 1 run, skiddy short of a length at 139ks outside off, Mathews drops it wide of mid-wicket and rushes across for a quick single
16.5
Rabada to Mathews, no run, 134ks on a length outside off, a plod across and block dance into the off-side
16.4
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 130ks short of length at the body, Kusal Mendis swivels and pulls to the right of fine leg
16.3
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, 133ks good length outside off, Kusal Mendis opens the bat face and dabs it in front of backward point
16.2
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length outside off at 134ks, Kusal Mendis plays with a lesser-effective bottom hand to kill it into the pitch on the leg-side
16.1
Rabada to Kusal Mendis, no run, 136ks fuller on off-stump, Kusal Mendis smothers it with soft hands in front of cover
15.6
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, 127ks on and around off-stump, Mathews stands tall in defence
15.5
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, 129ks fullish outside off, Mathews leans across to defend into the off-side
15.4
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, 130ks fullish and nipping away outside off, Mathews sees it all along and lets it go
15.3
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, 128ks, short of length around off, a gentle tuck towards mid-wicket
15.2
Pretorius to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, pins the on-drive to the right of mid-on and they steal another quick single
15.1
Pretorius to Kusal Mendis, no run, 130ks fullish delivery stops at the batsman outside off, Kusal Mendis has been lured into a drive and he slices it off the edge in front of cover. Another day, it would have gone straight to the fielder
14.6
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, tap-and-run single! Kusal Mendis dropped this into the leg-side and wanted a single right away, Mathews was slightly slow to get off the blocks but it was tha latter who ran to the danger (bowling) end and he's made it in with a headfirst dive. Mid-wicket picks the ball clean but he fails to hit the target despite a full-length air-borne dive
14.5
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, 124ks full outside off, rock-solid forward block from Kusal Mendis
14.4
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, 126ks, length delivery hooping in towards off, Kusal Mendis covers for the movement and smothers it with soft hands into the off-side
14.4
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, wide, asd27ks, looks to slap a wide delivery outside off, so wide outside off that umpire Sundaram Ravi had to exercise his arms
14.3
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, 125ks, good length on off, Kusal Mendis ambles forward into a firm defence
14.2
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, 128ks skiddy short of length on off, Kusal Mendis drags the pull to the right of mid-wicket
14.1
Phehlukwayo to Mathews, 3 runs, 126ks short of length wide of off, Mathews gets on top of that and punches sweetly through covers. Morris hunts it down and pulls it back well inside the boundary ropes
13.6
Pretorius to Kusal Mendis, no run, 133ks fullish length outside off, draws Kusal Mendis forward and induces a dead-bat defence on the off-side
13.5
Pretorius to Mathews, 1 run, hangs his bat out to dry against a 126ks seam-up delivery and sends a thick outside edge rolling square of third man
13.4
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, 126ks fuller and stays low outside off, Mathews does well to blunt it into the leg-side with soft hands
13.3
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, 131ks testing the off-side defence, Mathews brings his bat in front of his pad to negate that
13.2
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, similar pace, jags back in from a length, Mathews nudges it softly to the right of mid-wicket
13.1
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, short of length outside off at 129ks, blocked from the crease
12.6
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, full on leg-stump at 124ks, picks mid-wicket on the flick
12.5
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, full outside off-stump, Kusal Mendis closes the bat face and drives it to the right of mid-on
12.4
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length at 126ks outside off, a check drive in front of cover
12.3
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and wide of off, Kusal Mendis lets it go
12.2
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, too full and too leg-side! Kusal Mendis helps himself to a boundary with a fine clip off his pads wide of the square leg fielder
12.1
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length outside off, Kusal Mendis mistimes the cut into the off-side
11.6
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, very full and attacking the stumps at 129ks, Mathews blocks with a straight bat to mid-on
11.5
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, short of length on off-stump, punched back to the bowler
11.4
Pretorius to Mathews, no run, full and aiming for off-stump at 132ks, Mathews gets across and flicks into the leg-side
11.3
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, out Bowled!! Pretorius has two in two overs. The nip-backer bowled from wide of the crease, very little pace on the delivery which allows a hint of nibble and grip off the pitch, Kusal Perera tries to do something cheeky (perhaps a push on the up) and ends up feeding a helthy inside edge onto the stumps. He stands stunned in disbelief after watching the disarray of woodwork wkt (3-72) min (58m). Kusal Perera b Pretorius 30(34) [4s-4]
11.2
Pretorius to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 125ks outside off, glided fine of third man
11.1
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 128ks short of length skidding towards leg stump, nudged away round the corner for an easy single
10.6
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, 127ks length outside off, blocked away to point
10.5
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Perera, leg byes, 1 run, looks to pull this hip-tickler to fine leg but change of pace means he can only drag it as far as short fine
10.4
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Perera, no run, seaming in at 126ks on off-stump, Kusal Perera prods across in defence
10.3
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, off the mark with a single! Gets a 126ks fullish delivery on the pads and he's helped that with a glance down to fine leg
10.2
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Mendis, no run, 125ks swung in late from a length, Kusal Mendis seeks to steer it square but has been beaten for lack of pace
10.1
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Perera, 1 run, dug in short outside off, Kusal Perera drags the pull from there to the right of deep square
9.6
Pretorius to Kusal Mendis, no run, 129ks good length swinging away outside off, Kusal Mendis lets it be
9.5
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, out Caught by Du Plessis!! Flatters only to deceive, this lad. Has been the same story in his last 2 innings. He just got a boundary off the previous ball and still tries to pull off something out of the box against this delivery. Fails to pick the slower ball and blindly swings his bat hoping to clear mid-on, wasn't to be; it loops up high off the toe-end and Faf settles under it with a tumbling catch wkt (2-67) min (29m). Avishka Fernando c Du Plessis b Pretorius 30(29) [4s-4]
9.4
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, this is poor bowling from Dwaine Pretorius! Drops a filthy delivery on the pads and Avishka Fernando makes him pay by using his wrists to full effet. Whipped away nonchalantly over mid-wicket...
9.3
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 128ks angling away outside off, Kusal Perera opens the bat face to dab a single wide of point
9.2
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, no run, back of a length on off-stump at 126ks, Kusal Perera inches forward with a defensive bat
9.1
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, FOUR, repeats the error and Kusal Perera doesn't miss out this time. A hit-me on the pads and Kusal Perera tickles away to the left of JPD at short fine, easy pickings...
9.1
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, wide, asd28ks short and fizzing down the leg-side, Kusal Perera tries to flick/whip, no dice
8.6
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 128ks fullish outside off, Kusal Perera drives it on the up and places it in the gap square on the off-side
8.5
Phehlukwayo to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, slow and full on leg-stump, flicked away to the left of backward square. Easy single
8.4
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Perera, 1 run, swerving in on middle and leg, knocked away square on the leg-side
8.3
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Perera, no run, tries to pull this from leg-stump, but the lack of pace doesn't allow him to go full-throttle. Dragged away off the splice towards short fine
8.2
Phehlukwayo to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, worked away off the hip through mid-wicket
8.1
Phehlukwayo to Kusal Perera, 1 run, slower and angling away outside off, Kusal Perera cuts it late and hits it square of third man
7.6
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, no run, mild appeal for leg before! Pitches outside off and nips back in to hit Avishka Fernando high on the back pad, misses the punch and got beaten on the inside edge. Would have gone over the stumps, reveals technology
7.5
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, put away with ease! Slips a length ball down the leg-side and Avishka Fernando helps it along the ground to the fine leg fence
7.4
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, leg byes, 1 run, the wobbly cutter from Pretorius. Beats Kusal Perera on the slog as he advanced down the pitch and hit him high on the back pad
7.3
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, no run, 131ks good length on middle and leg, blocked to the left of mid-off
7.2
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, slightly short of a fuller length, Avishka Fernando gets behind the line and tucks wide of mid-on
7.1
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 129ks drifting into the pads, Kusal Perera manages a tickle down to fine leg
6.6
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, back of a length on off, Avishka Fernando plays with high hands and defends solidly into the off-side
6.5
Rabada to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 139ks gets it too straight on the stumps, Kusal Perera gets inside the line and helps a single down to fine leg
6.4
Rabada to Kusal Perera, FOUR, low full toss outside off, and all Kusal Perera needed to do was place the ball in the gap; he just leans across, creams the ball in the gap between extra cover and mid-off. Off she goes...
6.4
Rabada to Kusal Perera, wide, short and well down the leg-side, not bothered with
6.3
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, punched away to the left of mid-off and Phehlukwayo does well to put in a dive and keep it down to a single
6.2
Rabada to Kusal Perera, 1 run, darting into the pads at 140ks, Kusal Perera swivels slightly to place the flick wide of deep square
6.1
Rabada to Kusal Perera, no run, fullish at 141ks on off-stump, Kusal Perera gets across to tap the drive in front of cover
5.6
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, no run, 129ks fullish outside off, Avishka Fernando blocks firmly under his nose
5.5
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, no run, back of a length on middle, tucked to mid-wicket
5.4
Pretorius to Avishka Fernando, no run, 132ks sliding down, flicks Avishka Fernando's strap en route to the keeper. Or at least umpire Sundaram Ravi thinks so. Avishka Fernando though looks stunned and perhaps he expected it to be a wide
5.3
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, 1 run, more change of pace and this time Kusal Perera adjusts well to dink the ball on the leg-side and earn a quick single
5.2
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, no run, 127ks nips away outside off from a good length, sneaks under Kusal Perera's blade who was early on the leg-side slog
5.1
Pretorius to Kusal Perera, no run, back of a length on the pads, Kusal Perera's late on the flick and he wears it high on the pad
4.6
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, that's the shot of the day! Doesn't get bothered by Rabada's pace, nor the line and he brings his bat down straight to crunch a straight drive past the non-striker, Rabada's pace - 136ks - takes care of the rest
4.5
Rabada to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 139ks pitched up outside off, Kusal Perera pushes the drive wide of mid-off
4.4
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, opens the bat face and taps this wide of point
4.3
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, Byes, 4, the bail-trimmer! Misses everyone. Avishka Fernando looks to drive this nip-backer but he didn't account for the sharp, inward movement and got beaten on the inside edge, the ball moved back a long way away to beat the desperate diving de Kock to his left
4.2
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, 139ks short of length at the stumps, straight-batted to the left of mid-on
4.1
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of length on fourth stump at 137ks, Avishka Fernando gets on top of the bounce and punches it to the left of cover
3.6
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, no feet! Tries to go after a 134ks outswinger outside off and gets beaten by the nip away off the track
3.5
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, 136ks fullish outside off, a check-drive in front of cover from Kusal
3.4
Chris Morris to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, 136ks good length jags back in around off-stump, Avishka Fernando plays the ball late and does so with a soft-handed clip backwards of square leg
3.3
Chris Morris to Avishka Fernando, no run, 136ks full delivery on middle and leg, Avishka Fernando checks his drive in front of mid-on
3.2
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, 1 run, errs on the other side, swinging into the pads and Kusal Perera is happy to help it round the corner for an easy single
3.1
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, FOUR, bang! Feeds Kusal Perera a full delivery outside off and its been lifted away - over covers - with disdain despite one hand coming off the bat. Sheer power!
2.6
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, 138ks on and around leg-stump, Avishka Fernando defends with high hands
2.5
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, fullish and teasing Avishka Fernando into a drive outside off, 134ks, no dice!
2.4
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, brings it back from wide of the crease, Avishka Fernando responds with a straight bat
2.3
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, imperious timing! Gets on top of a good length delivery and punches crisply in the gap between backward point and cover. No-one's stopping that...
2.2
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, full pitcher at 137ks in the outside off channel, Avishka Fernando seeks to drive on the up and is beaten all ends up
2.1
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, 138ks sticks on the pitch outside off on back of a length, Avishka Fernando gets on his toes and checks his punchy drive wide of extra cover
1.6
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, ah, the edge-flirter! Darts it around the fifth stump channel and gets it to nibble away late to beat the hanging blade of Kusal Perera
1.5
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, FOUR, signature Kusal Perera! Picks the length early, stands tall on his back foot and thrashes the short and wide gimme through covers
1.4
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, 132ks tries to lure the batsman into a drive outside off, nothing doing from Kusal Perera
1.4
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, wide, asd34ks shaping away down the leg-side, past Kusal Perera's attempted flick
1.3
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, 133ks away swinger outside off, Kusal Perera throws the kitchen sink and sends a bottom edge through to the keeper
1.2
Chris Morris to Avishka Fernando, 3 runs, gets it full on the pads at 135ks and this time Avishka Fernando approaches it with ease, lets the ball dip and flicks it off his pads through mid-wicket
1.1
Chris Morris to Avishka Fernando, no run, 130ks swinging away outside off, a loose waft from Avishka Fernando and obviously no feet involved
0.6
Rabada to Kusal Perera, no run, short of length outside off, 135ks, Kusal Perera gets across and drops the ball dead on the leg-side
0.5
Rabada to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, 134ks inswinger at off-stump, Kusal Perera lets the ball dart in and plays with a closed bat face to tuck it through square leg
0.4
Rabada to Kusal Perera, no run, full and angling across outside off, Kusal Perera shuffles past his off-stump to blunt it down the pitch
0.4
Rabada to Kusal Perera, wide, short and far down the leg-side, Kusal Perera doesn't bother with it
0.3
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, 3 runs, and that's more like it! Gets on his toes, opens the bat face and punches the length delivery in the gap square on the off-side. Off the mark with a three...
0.2
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, width on offer but Avishka Fernando doesn't take the bait, plays a half-hearted defence into the off-side
0.1
Rabada to Karunaratne, out Caught by Du Plessis!! What an absolute corker from Rabada. This one shot up from back of a length @ 137ks and kept fizzing towards Karunaratne's body who got into a tangle trying to fend that on the hop (clearly didn't expect the ball to do so much), it clonks the glove and lobs straight to Faf at second slip. Back-to-back failures for the Sri Lankan skipper wkt (1-0) min (3m). Karunaratne c Du Plessis b Rabada 0(1)
Commentary
Jean-Paul Duminy,Amla, Imran Tahir,Fafdu Plessis, Chris Morris,De Kock, Dwaine Pretorius, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Kagiso Rabada, Andile Phehlukwayo
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Avishka Fernando,J Mendis,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
