49.6
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 2 runs, slower ball once again, fuller as well and Thirimanne drags it off the inside half towards the cow corner region. Another brace
49.5
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 2 runs, slower ball once again, very wide as Thirimanne walked across for the premeditated paddle scoop. Gets it through backward square leg somehow
49.4
Cottrell to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, miscues the pull but it falls short of deep mid-wicket. Was a slower bouncer and Dhananjayade Silva couldn't muster the required power on the shot
49.3
Cottrell to Thirimanne, leg byes, 1 run, another ugly hoick attempted by Thirimanne but doesn't connect. Was very full and it deflected off the pads towards backward point
49.2
Cottrell to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, crunched off the back foot to deep point
49.1
Cottrell to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, clever batting from DDS! Waits for the slower ball that also has width on it, opens the bat face late to beat short third man who had no chance of cutting the boundary off
48.6
Thomas to Udana, out Caught by Holder!! Holes out to long-off. Caps a brilliant penultimate over from Thomas. Just 6 off it! This was again very full with lots of pace on it, Udana couldn't get under it properly as he went for the loft down the ground. Certainly got cramped on the shot and Holder in the deep takes a rather straightforward catch wkt (6-327) min (9m). Udana c Holder b Thomas 3(6)
48.5
Thomas to Udana, no run, low full toss this time, Udana was backing away but Thomas kept following him. Jabbed back to the bowler
48.4
Thomas to Thirimanne, 1 run, another yorker, this is superb from Thomas as he continues to hit the blockhole. Jammed out towards square leg
48.3
Thomas to Udana, 1 run, back to nailing the yorkers, or almost nailing them, low full toss that's carved away to sweeper cover
48.3
Thomas to Udana, no ball, 2 runs, high full toss, comfortably above waist height as Udana heaves this away down to long-on. They take two and he will also get a Free Hit to face
48.2
Thomas to Udana, no run, pinpoint yorker this time, middle and leg line and Udana can't do much about it. Squeezed out to cover
48.1
Thomas to Thirimanne, 1 run, wide yorker attempted but it's eventually a low full toss and Thirimanne reaches it with an open-faced dab. Wise shot with third man in the ring but he can't find the gap there. A yard either side would have fetched four
47.6
Cottrell to Udana, no run, slower ball on off stump, watchfully defended back towards Cottrell
47.5
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 1 run, fuller and wider outside off, Thirimanne squeezes it out through point
47.4
Cottrell to Thirimanne, FOUR, just short of long-on! What's worse, it beats the fielder to the fence as well. Thirimanne threw whatever he had on this slog but hadn't connected that well. Fortunately for him, it doesn't go to hand and he gets bonus runs
47.3
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 2 runs, quite full and angling into Thirimanne who jams it out through the gap at mid-wicket. Easy two
47.2
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, out Caught by Fabian Allen!! Hits in the air but there is no distance on the shot and picks out long-on. Was a slower one dug onto the middle of the pitch and Fernando couldn't get any timing on this aerial pull shot. Only managed to skew it higher than he would have liked to and Allen settled under the skier quite easily. The Cottrell salute comes out for the first time today. Fernando walks away to thunderous applause from the crowd. Superb knock wkt (5-314) min (151m). Avishka Fernando c Fabian Allen b Cottrell 104(103) [4s-9 6s-2]
47.1
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 1 run, very full and around off, dug out down towards long-on
46.6
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, no run, fuller and very wide outside off, Fernando cannot reach this one
46.5
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, superb placement! Fuller ball on leg stump, Fernando gets across and shovels it through mid-wicket. There were two men in the deep but such was the precision of the shot that it bisected them with elan. Shot!
46.4
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, Fernando yelps in delight as he gets to his maiden ODI ton! Out comes the helmet and the raise of the bat. Soak all the applause young man! You deserve it. Definite future superstar for SL if treated well. Gets to the landmark with a push-drive towards wide long-on and promptly called for two. Got the response from Thirimanne as well. The whole SL team is up on the toes to cheer the bloke
46.3
Brathwaite to Thirimanne, leg byes, 1 run, the slower balls are holding up a lot on this pitch. This was following Thirimanne who was backing away for the pull, took forever to reach him and went off the pads towards point
46.2
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, slower ball and it's watchfully patted towards the point region
46.1
Brathwaite to Thirimanne, 1 run, fine middle stump yorker, very accurate and Thirimanne can only jam it out between his legs. They pinch a run
45.6
Thomas to Thirimanne, 1 run, quite fuller and outside off, drilled down the ground to long-off
45.5
Thomas to Thirimanne, 2 runs, fuller and wider outside off, Thirimanne drives it through extra cover for a brace
45.4
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, crunched on the up towards sweeper cover
45.3
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, 300 up for SL and Fernando also inches closer to his maiden ODI ton. Was a freebie on the pads, and he just had to get it past the short fine leg fielder. Does so with a neat leg glance that races away to the fence
45.2
Thomas to Thirimanne, 1 run, quite full and on off stump, cramps Thirimanne who gets an inside edge onto the pad. Trickles towards point for a sharp single
45.1
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, just short of long-on! Fernando would have had his heart in his mouth for a moment. Didn't get hold of this juicy full toss and skewed it uppishly down the ground
44.6
Brathwaite to Thirimanne, 2 runs, very full and on leg stump, worked softly towards wide long-on. Fine running gets them a brace
44.5
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, slower ball wider outside off, dabbed towards short third man
44.4
Brathwaite to Thirimanne, 1 run, quite full and on the pads, flicked away towards deep mid-wicket
44.3
Brathwaite to Thirimanne, FOUR, better shot this time! Expected the fuller length and had made room early to launch this over mid-off who was in the ring. Smart batting. Thirimanne getting a move on now
44.2
Brathwaite to Thirimanne, FOUR, nicely struck! Thirimanne isn't a natural at this position and hence, is taking some time to get the big shots away. This should help. Waltzed down the pitch and although the length was shortish, muscled it straight back down the ground. Long-on had no chance to get to it
44.1
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, leg byes, 1 run, very full and angling in on leg stump, Fernando can't connect the flick and it goes off the pads to square leg
43.6
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, pitched right up outside off, Fernando backs away for the loft but can only cue-end it down to long-off
43.5
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, no run, swing and a miss! Probably was a slot ball but Fernando tries to go hard at it and as a result, doesn't connect
43.4
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, good running and they sneak the second run as well. Slow yorker, Fernando jams it past Thomas, and quickly calls for two. Thirimanne obliges and it's done with ease by the time long-off gets to the ball
43.3
Thomas to Thirimanne, 1 run, good ball for the Free Hit from Thomas, very full and follows Thirimanne who can only jams it out down to long-on
43.3
Thomas to Thirimanne, no ball, wicket off a no ball! My word, Thomas has overstepped quite comfortably here. Free Hit coming soon. Thirimanne survives. He couldn't get the flick away, had got cramped and picked out mid-wicket with ease
43.2
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, very full once again, Fernando can't get under it properly as he smears it to long-off
43.1
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, no run, low full toss and Fernando jams it out towards extra cover
42.6
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, skids through from a shortish length as Fernando makes room to flat-bat it down the ground to long-off
42.5
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 1 run, another slower one, on the pads and it's milked to deep mid-wicket
42.5
Cottrell to Thirimanne, wide, quite full but also very wide down the leg-side, a minute exercise for the umpire Bruce Oxenford
42.4
Cottrell to Thirimanne, no run, slower ball that deceives Thirimanne who had charged down for the big shot. Adjusts with a tap towards point
42.3
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, leg byes, 1 run, makes room to work it away on the leg-side but this deflects off the pads towards cover
42.2
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, SIX, c-r-u-n-c-h-e-d! His pull shots have been fascinating to watch and here is another of those cracking shots. Dug in short by Cottrell and Fernando stood tall to absolutely bludgeon it into the stands. He was hitting with the wind on this occasion, unlike the previous over, and that helped him this time around
42.1
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 1 run, lucky to get away with this, Cottrell, as he spilled this full toss on the pads with fine leg up. Thirimanne however, can't cash in as his flick goes through backward square leg
41.6
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, slower this time, wider outside off as well and Fernando drags it off the inside half through mid-wicket
41.5
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, smashes the stumps at the other end! Was quite full and he got under it somehow to drill the drive, unfortunately it's too straight. Fernando is livid with himself
41.4
Holder to Thirimanne, 3 runs, just over a leaping mid-wicket! Hetmyer the man who tried hard but it was comfortably over him towards the deep. Long-on had loads of distance to cover but he finally got there to parry it towards the deep mid-wicket fielder who was also converging on it. Coming to the ball, it was a fuller ball on leg stump that Thirimanne wanted to flick away. Just got it over the infield
41.3
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, mishit but it barely goes over the vacant mid-wicket region as the deep fielder converges on it. Was a slower short of a length ball that Fernando wanted to muscle away into the stands. Hitting against the wind compounded his task, as did the lack of pace on the delivery
41.2
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, round the wicket and dishes out a wide full toss, Fernando tries to ease the drive but straight to extra cover
41.1
Holder to Thirimanne, 1 run, shortish and around off stump, Thirimanne steers it down towards third man
40.6
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, no run, slower ball once again, Fernando was backing away for the cut stroke but can't get bat on it. Fine over from Cottrell
40.5
Cottrell to Thirimanne, 3 runs, gives the charge and makes a bit of room for the drive, picked the slower ball early to drill it through the covers. Bigger dimensions on that side and that allows a fiery Pooran to reach it after having covered plenty of space from sweeper. Good fielding
40.4
Cottrell to Thirimanne, no run, cramps Thirimanne for space with a good length ball that angles in from around off, tucked to short mid-wicket. He's not able to get going, important for him to not eat up too many dots at this stage
40.3
Cottrell to Thirimanne, no run, fuller once more, slightly wider and Thirimanne drivse but cannot beat the man at point
40.2
Cottrell to Thirimanne, no run, very full and angling into Thirimanne who does well to dig it out
40.1
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, on a shortish outside off, Fernando was walking down and making room to flat-bat it. Mistimes the shot down to long-on
39.6
Holder to Thirimanne, no run, fullish outside off, draws Thirimanne into a drive and ekes an inside edge onto pad
39.5
Holder to Thirimanne, no run, dug in short and angling away outside off, Thirimanne's late on the pull and he's clearly beaten for pace
39.4
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, fullish at the stumps, Fernando knocks it into the gap betweem deep mid-wicket and deep square. Thirimanne thinks of a second but Avishka says no
39.3
Holder to Thirimanne, 1 run, stands tall and clobbers this length delivery through covers
39.2
Holder to Thirimanne, FOUR, and it sneaks under the diving right of Chris Gayle at slip. Back of a length outside off, forcing Thirimanne to go after it, he flashes hard and the edge flies in a jiffy past the slip fielder
39.1
Holder to Mathews, out Bowled!! Rattles the timber and Jason Holder is absolutely thrilled. **A violent fist pump followed by a stare** Perhapas secondguessed Mathews' plans here, saw the batsman coming down and fired it full at the base of middle stump. Mathews cannot get anywhere close and the ball strikes gold. You miss I hit stuff wkt (4-247) min (20m). Mathews b Holder 26(20) [4s-2 6s-1]
38.6
Fabian Allen to Mathews, 1 run, full on leg-stump, flicked away through mid-wicket and Mathews will keep strike
38.5
Fabian Allen to Mathews, SIX, this is Mathews at his very best. Backs away a fraction, sets himself for a full delivery outside off and then launches it for a 76-metre maximum with a gorgeous inside out loft over extra cover
38.4
Fabian Allen to Mathews, FOUR, a terrible dragdown outside off. Mathews moves away to the leg-side and smacks it over point with immaculate timing
38.3
Fabian Allen to Mathews, no run, quicker and angling in, Mathews goes for the sweep and cannot get it past the man at short fine
38.2
Fabian Allen to Mathews, no run, flat outside off, Mathews mistimes the cut to the left of the bowler
38.1
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, flat on off, Avishka goes back and punches wide of long-off
37.6
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, half-volley outside off, Avishka thrashes it off the cue end but couldn't get it past the swift fielder at long-on
37.5
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, full on the pads, Avishka lifts the drive over mid-on and gets back for the second with ease
37.4
Holder to Mathews, 1 run, clipped away backwards of square leg
37.3
Holder to Mathews, no run, full on leg-stump, Mathews jams it into the leg-side
37.2
Holder to Mathews, FOUR, this one ain't going scot-free! Ample width outside off and Mathews crunches it through covers with lovely timing off the back foot, a better effort from the fielder in the deep would have saved the boundary, wasn't to be
37.1
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, gets it right in the blockhole outside off, Avishka squeezes the drive behind point for a single
37.1
Holder to Mathews, no ball, 1 run, length delivery on the pads, Mathews works it square on the leg-side for an easy single. Oops! A front foot no ball from Holder. Another free hit coming up.
36.6
Gabriel to Mathews, 3 runs, poor bowling from Shannon Gabriel! His lines have been very errant today. Drifts a gimme on the pads and Mathews tickles it fine to the right of short fine. Sunil Ambris gives chase and he seems to have done some damage to his ankle while trying to prevent the boundary, ran after the ball and slipped awkwardly adjacent to the ropes before making a tumbling stop
36.5
Gabriel to Mathews, no run, another slower ball right in the blockhole this time and Mathews can only squeeze it as far as backward point
36.5
Gabriel to Avishka Fernando, no ball, 1 run, tries another slower ball and ends up serving a high full toss outside off. Avishka opens the face and slices it backwards of point
36.4
Gabriel to Avishka Fernando, no run, slower ball outside off, Avishka didn't pick it clearly. Tries to steer it down to third man and the edge dies down well in front of the keeper
36.3
Gabriel to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, 144ks length delivered from wide of the crease, Avishka throws the kitchen sink and flays it over backward point. A couple of bounces and into the fence...
36.2
Gabriel to Avishka Fernando, no run, 150ks length delivery around off, Avishka crunches it straight to Fabian Allen at backward point
36.1
Gabriel to Mathews, 1 run, short and wide, Mathews keeps his weight on the back foot and slaps it through extra cover
35.6
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, tosses it full on the stumps, Avishka sits on one knee, gets underneath the delivery and slogs it in the gap over mid-wicket
35.5
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, punched back to the bowler
35.4
Fabian Allen to Mathews, 1 run, quicker outside off, Mathews leans into the drive and places it straight to long-off
35.3
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, continues to attack the stumps does Fabian Allen, Avishka camps back and punches a single to wide long-on
35.2
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, flat on off-stump, Avishka jumps back and drags the pull as far as mid-wicket
35.1
Fabian Allen to Mathews, 1 run, slider on the pads, Mathews gets hurried on the back foot before tucking this through backward square leg
34.6
Gabriel to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, goes wide of the crease and angles it in close to off-stump, Avishka has a lazy waft and the edge flies away wide of the keeper. Streaky, but Sri Lanka will accept it gleefully
34.5
Gabriel to Avishka Fernando, no run, bowls the luring drivable length outside off, Avishka tries to place it square but can't lay bat on ball
34.4
Gabriel to Mathews, 1 run, sits on one knee and leans into a drive square on the off-side
34.3
Gabriel to Mathews, no run, looks to drive on the up outside off but gets beaten on the outside edge
34.2
Gabriel to Mathews, 2 runs, pulls the skiddy 140ks short ball to the left of mid-wicket who fumbles and concedes an extra run. Should have just been a single. And to make matters worse, he (Oshane Thomas) fires a needless direct hit at the bowling end causing one of the bails to nearly clonk into the face of Gabriel who clearly ain't amused by that
34.1
Gabriel to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, good length in the outside off corridor, Avishka opens the bat face at the last minute to run a single down to square third man
33.6
Fabian Allen to Mathews, no run, hurls in the slider and beats Mathews on the back foot whip, hits him high on the back pad and the appeal - for an lbw - dies down instantly
33.5
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, full on leg-stump, Avishka nudges the drive past the diving right hand of the bowler
33.4
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, flat on off-stump, Avishka lunges across and pushes into the off-side
33.3
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, floated up outside off, driven to the right of the bowler
33.2
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, flatter on middle, Avishka tucks himself into a bat-pad defence
33.1
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, uses his feet and creams the inside-out loft over extra cover. Sheer class! Nothing wrong about the shot, just a calculated risk and Avishka executed it to near perfection
32.6
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, glided down to third man
32.5
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, short and that's dispatched nonchalantly over mid-wicket. What a way to bring up your fifty - Avishka Fernando! His first in this World Cup. He has been so pleasing to the eye and expect this young man to play for a long time for Sri Lanka. A hug from his senior partner
32.4
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, no run, another run-out chance missed! Avishka drove this to the right of Holder at mid-on and the big unit did well to dive and save the boundary, but on seeing the batsmen rush he fires a throw at the bowling end by which time Mathews was back. Perhaps Holder was blinded by the bowler who saw Avishka hop in the middle of the pitch, only to be sent back by a grumpy partner. Had the throw been at the batting end, Avishka would have been on his bike
32.3
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, no run, some late curve in on this yorker and Avishka's up for it, sees the ball dip under his eyes and jams it into the ground on the off-side
32.2
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, no run, full on fifth stump, this time the drive has been intercepted by backward point
32.1
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, juicy low full toss outside off, Fernando relies on timing as he drives this through covers with minimal power
31.6
Fabian Allen to Mathews, no run, pushed through full on off-stump, blocked back to the bowler
31.5
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, out Caught&Bowled!! Isn't the first and won't be the last I assume. Kusal Mendis has this weird knack of getting out to spinners and quite surprisingly, he does that after seeing off a tough phase/promising start. For the nth time in his short career, he has been dismissed against a nothing delivery. Just a loopy full bunger from Fabian Allen, Kusal Mendis - prepared to run down the pitch - couldn't control his instincts on the drive and he ends up chipping it to the right of the bowler who takes an air-borne stunner, timing his dive to absolute perfection wkt (3-189) min (41m). Kusal Mendis c and b Fabian Allen 39(41) [4s-4]
31.4
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, slower and spinning away ever so slightly outside off, Avishka jumps back to cut it wide of backward point
31.3
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, they are on the move now! Avishka advances down the track, gets to the pitch of the delivery and smears it in the gap through extra cover
31.2
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, flatter around off-stump, Kusal Mendis makes room and cuts square on the off-side
31.1
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, strides forward, meets it on the full and forces it through mid-wicket for a couple of runs
30.6
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, 140ks low full toss outside off, Avishka opens the face and drives it square on the off-side. Well wide of third man, who was fine and they had enough time to complete the second
30.5
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, he is such a good puller is Avishka Fernando! Gets one right in the zone outside off, he swivels mildly and dispatches it nonchalantly over mid-wicket
30.4
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, no run, very full outside off at 142ks, Avishka stays half-forward and biffs the drive straight to cover
30.3
Thomas to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, plenty of width outside off at 141ks, Kusal Mendis uses all of it to steer a single down to third man
30.2
Thomas to Kusal Mendis, no run, angles it in on middle from a good length, a soft nudged into the leg-side from Kusal Mendis
30.1
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, length delivery drifting into the pads, Avishka gets inside the line and tickles it fine on the leg-side
29.6
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, stays back and bunts this non-turner to long-off
29.5
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, Mendis comes down the track and flicks this leg-lined ball to deep square leg
29.4
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, flatter in trajectory, Mendis defends it towards point with an opened bat-face
29.3
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, tossed up and fuller in length, driven back to the bowler
29.2
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, touch short, Fernando goes deep in his crease and forces it to deep point
29.1
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, Fernando rocks back and punches this away-turner to extra cover
28.6
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, 139kph, Thomas angles in a full ball and Fernando knocks it to right of mid-on
28.5
Thomas to Avishka Fernando, no run, 143kph, very full ball, defended back to the bowler
28.4
Thomas to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 139kph, Mendis allows this short of length delivery to come to him and runs it down to third man
28.3
Thomas to Kusal Mendis, no run, pacy short of length delivery around off, Mendis pokes it to backward point off the outside part of the bat
28.2
Thomas to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, 140kph, half-volley on middle, Mendis flicks it nonchalantly and times it beautifully. The man at mid-wicket is lethargic in moving to his left. Once it beat that fielder - Brathwaite - there was no one to stop that
28.1
Thomas to Kusal Mendis, no run, 134kph, Thomas goes for the yorker, a very low full toss and that's been glanced to short mid-wicket
27.6
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 82kph, Mendis is down a knee to sweep it to long leg
27.5
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, 100kph! Allen darts one in the blockhole and Mendis brings his bat down just in time to squeeze it out. He's done some damage to the bat, in the process
27.4
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, Mendis comes on the front foot and drives towards extra cover
27.3
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, 87kph, very full ball on middle, driven back to Allen
27.2
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, straighter line, sliding on the pads and Mendis gets down on a knee to play a well-timed sweep shot through backward square leg. Good-looking shot
27.1
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, 86kph, holds onto the pitch a bit and Fernando checked his shot there. Gets a leading edge that rolls wide of the cover fielder
26.6
Cottrell to Kusal Mendis, no run, 133kph, sucker ball - full and angling away asking the batsman to drive. Mendis does exactly that, but doesn't make contact. Lucky not to get a nick on it
26.5
Cottrell to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, 113kph, length ball, Mendis moves towards off and nurdled it through square leg for another brace
26.4
Cottrell to Kusal Mendis, no run, very full ball, Mendis jams it out to mid-off
26.3
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, fullish ball on leg, flicked to deep mid-wicket
26.2
Cottrell to Kusal Mendis, 3 runs, 135kph, angled across the right-hander and Mendis steers it square of the man at third man. The fielder dives across and parries it away; allows the other man (running in from deep backward point) to mop it up. Half-century partnership
26.1
Cottrell to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, 114kph, slow and short, pulled through square leg, Pooran sprints to his right and makes a tumbling stop. Good effort
25.6
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, 97kph, quicker and fuller, Fernando brings his bat down on time to keep it out
25.5
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, push-driven to sweeper cover
25.4
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, tapped to cover
25.3
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, flighted delivery, Fernando comes down the track and in the process moves leg-side to force it through the off-side. Allen dives to his left in his followthrough and makes an excellent stop
25.2
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 86kph, Allen tosses it up and ends up doling out a low full toss, drilled to long-on
25.1
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, 86kph, flat and shortish, knocked down to long-on off the back foot
24.6
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, 115kph, full length cutter marginally outside off, pushed through the covers for an easy single
24.5
Cottrell to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 132kph, full ball on leg, a shuffling Mendis works it to deep square leg
24.4
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, 117kph, hat-trick of slower deliveries. Fernando uses the width served in running the length ball down to third man
24.3
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, no run, another off-pace ball on the stumps, Fernando gets forward and solidly blocks it down the pitch
24.2
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, no run, 120kph, cutter around off, Fernando hangs back and guides it to backward point
24.1
Cottrell to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 134kph, short ball on leg-stump line, swivel-pulled to fine leg
23.6
Fabian Allen to Avishka Fernando, no run, 83kph, slower through the air and hint of in-drift, Fernando gos for the push-drive through the off-side and ends up inside-edging it to backward square leg. Good start for Fabian Allen
23.5
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, 87kph, short of length, Mendis goes back in his crease and bunts it to long-on
23.4
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, 87kph, a drag down but Mendis gets away with it as Mendis's hurried pull of the back foot finds the man at mid-wicket
23.3
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, 85kph, flighted delivery, pushed to the left of the bowler and Allen stops it with a dive
23.2
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, 83kph, similar delivery, another defence off the front foot
23.1
Fabian Allen to Kusal Mendis, no run, 83kph, Allen starts with a fullish ball from round the wicket, forward block
22.6
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, no run, another cutter from Cottrell and Fernando is content in defending it into the off-side with an opened bat-face
22.5
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, no run, off-pace ball at 119kph, Fernando spots it late and decides to block it out
22.4
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, no run, shuffles across and clips this length ball to mid-on
22.3
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, short of length delivery, tucked through mid-wicket and Fernando comes back for the second. The man inside the circle doesn't dive and the bowler isn't pleased
22.2
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, SIX, these two aren't afraid of the short deliveries! Back of a length ball, Fernando went back in his crease and smacked it over deep mid-wicket with a powerful pull shot
22.1
Cottrell to Avishka Fernando, no run, 127kph, fuller than a good length ball on leg-stump line - probably the cutter, Fernando nudges it to mid-wicket
21.6
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, pitched up delivery outside off, neatly driven to deep cover
21.5
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, in-angler at 133kph, knocked to mid-on
21.4
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, fuller than a good length ball, tapped to mid-off
21.3
Holder to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, hit through the line. Fullish ball around off, Fernando comes forward and lofts it over mid-off to collect his first boundary
21.2
Holder to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, Holder bangs it in further short, pulled through backward square leg and Cottrell is quick to mop it up. Just a single
21.1
Holder to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, that's been put away with disdain! A short ball at 129kph, Mendis picked the length early and pounced on it with a fierce pull shot over mid-wicket. Sped away to the fence
20.6
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, straighter line from a shortened length, Fernando walks across towards off and pulls it fine of fine leg. Oshane makes a diving stop to his right in the deep
20.5
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, no run, 126kph, length ball on the stumps, Fernando blocks from the crease
20.4
Brathwaite to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, length ball outside off, Mendis runs it down to third man
20.3
Brathwaite to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, mid-on was well inside the circle. Shortish ball and Mendis goes hard on the pull. The ball goes straighter than he wanted to place it. Off the top part of the bat and it beat mid-on to his right. Had enough legs to go for a boundary
20.2
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, 3 runs, good looking shot. Back of a length delivery slanted in, Fernando stands tall and jabs it over mid-wicket. Pooran runs across, puts in a slide and makes a half-stop, recovers and ensures that the ball doesn't go to the ropes
20.1
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of length delivery, punched back at the bowler. Brathwaite collects it, rotates and mocks a throw at the striker's end
19.6
Holder to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Mendis prods across and defends it with a straight bat
19.5
Holder to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, length ball at the stumps, Mendis gets inside the line and tucks it past square leg for a couple of runs
19.4
Holder to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Mendis shuffles across and defends it to the on-side
19.3
Holder to Kusal Mendis, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, defended solidly towards the off-side
19.2
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, Avishka was pushing forward and squirts an inside edge behind square on the on-side
19.1
Holder to Avishka Fernando, Byes, 4, another horrid piece of fielding - this time by the keeper - what's going on with West Indies? A superb delivery from Holder, hit the wide yorker with perfection, Avishka was looking to squeeze it out and missed - hardly bounced on its way to the keeper, stood low and went right through his legs
19.1
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no ball, full and sliding down the leg-side, would have been a wide but Holder had overstepped as well - a marginal call, but a fair one, so it's a no-ball and Avishka will get a free-hit
18.6
Brathwaite to Kusal Mendis, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, defended back at the bowler
18.5
Brathwaite to Kusal Mendis, no run, banged in short and holding its line outside off, Mendis drops his gloves and sways away from the line
18.4
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, short of a good length and well outside off, punched square on the off-side for a single
18.3
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Avishka stands tall and works it to mid-wicket
18.2
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
18.1
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, out Kusal Perera Run Out!! 1 run completed. Pooran can breathe easy right now - that dropped catch hasn't cost a lot for his team. An awful mix-up, a late call of NO from Avishka and Kusal wasn't going to be anywhere near the frame. Good throw from the deep by Cottrell - he's been very good in the field, came at a good height and right on top of the stumps. Brathwaite gathered it cleanly and the zing bails lit up. Sri Lanka lose their second wicket after a good start. Coming to the ball, Kusal tucked a length ball past mid-wicket and was always looking for a second run, there was never a second there and Kusal pays for his imperiosity wkt (2-104) min (87m). Kusal Perera run out (Cottrell/Brathwaite) 64(51) [4s-8]
17.6
Holder to Kusal Perera, 2 run, short and at the stumps, Kusal swivels across and pulls it down to long leg for a single
17.5
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, Avishka leans into the drive and finds the gap past cover for a single
17.4
Holder to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, pushed to the right of cover for a single
17.3
Holder to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, oh dear! An absolute sitter and Pooran has somehow contrived to drop it, banged in short and Kusal took on the pull, didn't bother to keep it down and hit it in the air - behind the square leg umpire. Pooran moved across to his left and got to the ball at a comfortable height - but somehow puts it down. Holder can't believe it, arms afloat in disappointment
17.2
Holder to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, on a good length and well outside off, Avishka's feet once again went nowhere as he pushed at the ball, gets a thick edge that flies through the vacant gully region
17.1
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Avishka's feet went nowhere as he poked at that and missed
16.6
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, looked like an off-cutter and Kusal blocks it back at the bowler
16.5
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, full and on Avishka's pads, flicked in front of square on the on-side for a single
16.4
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, no run, fraction fuller and just outside off, defended back to the bowler
16.3
Brathwaite to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a good length and well outside off, Avishka stands tall and punches it to mid-off
16.2
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, 1 run, tad fuller and on Kusal's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
16.2
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, wide, banged in short and angling across the left-hander, Kusal was shaping for the pull and then decides against it, called as a wide for height
16.1
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, defended back at the bowler
15.6
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, fraction fuller and in that channel outside off, Avishka plays with a straight bat and blocks
15.5
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
15.4
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, loud shout for LBW and West Indies will review. It's a fair delivery, looked close to the naked eye, was it doing too much though? No bat and UltraEdge confirms it. The impact is in front of leg and it's sliding down leg. NOT OUT is the call. This was full and seamed back into the right-hander, Avishka fell over as he looked to flick and missed, the impact was in front of leg and the angle was taking it down leg. West Indies lose their review
15.3
Holder to Avishka Fernando, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Avishka leans forward and blocks it to mid-off
15.3
Holder to Avishka Fernando, wide, short of a length and well wide of off, left alone and it's been called as a wide
15.2
Holder to Karunaratne, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Something pleasing for the West Indies finally - they have a wicket. This was short and wide of off, Karunaratne saw the width and threw his bat at it, the ball tailed away further and caught the toe-end of Karunaratne's bat, a simple catch for the keeper and Holder pumps his fists in delight. Can he change the mindset of West Indies now? wkt (1-93) min (69m).Karunaratne c Shai Hope b Holder 32(48) [4s-4]
15.1
Holder to Karunaratne, 2 runs, a direct hit at the bowler's end might have had Kusal in trouble - more unhappy faces in the fielding camp. Pooran was suggesting that someone could have come near the stumps but Holder looks grumpy. On a good length and on Karunaratne's pads, clipped in front of mid-wicket and the batsmen were always coming back for the second. It was Karunaratne's call and Kusal was a tad late in turning around, put in the dive and there was no direct hit either
14.6
Brathwaite to Karunaratne, 1 run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, dabbed down towards third man for a single
14.5
Brathwaite to Karunaratne, 2 runs, short of a length and well outside off, worked in front of square on the on-side - a long chase for Cottrell and Dimuth comes back for the second
14.4
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, 1 run, back of a length and on Kusal's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
14.3
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, defended with a straight bat
14.2
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, length ball at the pads, tucked away behind square on the on-side - the fielder is slow onto the ball and concedes an extra run - look grim today, West Indies, it was Hetmyer once again
14.1
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, FOUR, clubbed, Kusal is looking positive today, comes down the track, gets close to the ball and heaves it over mid-wicket, one bounce and over the ropes
13.6
Holder to Kusal Perera, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Kusal swivels across, gets inside the line and helps it on its way to long leg
13.5
Holder to Kusal Perera, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
13.4
Holder to Karunaratne, 1 run, communication breakdown in the middle, Karunaratne was almost halfway down the track, but Allen can't stop the ball cleanly and it allows the batsmen to get across for a single. West Indies have been poor in the field today, nudged to the left of cover-point and had Allen stopped the ball cleanly, he hmight have had a chance to run out the Sri Lankan captain
13.3
Holder to Karunaratne, no run, Holder shortens his length outside off, Karunaratne was looking to flick and gets an inside edge towards square leg
13.2
Holder to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Kusal rides the bounce and drops it in front of mid-wicket, called through for a quick single and it raises his fifty - 3rd of this World Cup
13.1
Holder to Karunaratne, 1 run, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, worked to the left of mid-on for a single
12.6
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, more appalling fielding from the West Indies, this time it was Hetmyer, dived over the ball and conceded a second run - coming to the ball, it was a length delivery on Kusal's pads and he nudged it backward of square leg
12.5
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, tad too short from Brathwaite, Kusal makes room and dabs it to the left of Allen this time, he can't get across with the dive and Kusal is back for the second run
12.4
Brathwaite to Karunaratne, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, chopped to the left of backward point where Allen can't stop it cleanly, allows the batsmen to get across for a single
12.3
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Kusal drops it in front of point and calls his partner across for a quick single
12.2
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, fraction fuller and wider of off, eased into the gap wide of cover and Kusal calls his partner back for the second run
12.1
Brathwaite to Kusal Perera, no run, short of a good length and in that channel outside off, pushed to the off-side
11.6
Holder to Kusal Perera, 1 run, fuller length delivery on off, worked away in front of square on the on-side for a single
11.5
Holder to Karunaratne, 1 run, back of a length and on Karunaratne's pads, clipped to square leg where Ambris fumbles a simple stop, allows a single to be stolen
11.4
Holder to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of a length and angling into the left-hander, tucked to the left of mid-wicket for a single
11.3
Holder to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Karunaratne stands tall and punches it to the left of mid-off for a single
11.2
Holder to Kusal Perera, 1 run, Holder shortens his length outside off, carved away behind square on the off-side for a single
11.1
Holder to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of a length and on Karunaratne's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
10.6
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, FOUR, lovely, a hat-trick of boundaries for Kusal, length ball on off, he gets a good stride forward and lifts it over mid-on, couple of bounces and over the ropes
10.5
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries from Gabriel, he's been too short today, Kusal swivels across on the pull and gets it behind square on the on-side, a diving effort by the fielder in the deep, but it's in vain
10.4
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, FOUR, too short from Gabriel, the angle was always taking it down the leg-side - he hasn't settled as yet - Gabriel, Kusal swivels across on the pull, gloves it through and beats the keeper - diving across to his left
10.3
Gabriel to Karunaratne, 1 run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Karunaratne pushes forward and gets a thick edge towards third man
10.2
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of a length and angling into Kusal's hips, tucked past square leg for a single
10.1
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and angling back into the left-hander, Kusal heaves it without any timing to mid-on
9.6
Holder to Karunaratne, no run, a hint of width, a crouch by the batsman and a chop to point - can't pierce the packed in-field though
9.5
Holder to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short ball into the body, and that's a leg-raising, backfoot-swivelling pull to backward square leg for a single
9.4
Holder to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of length delivery on the body, nudged to square leg, a hasty run, a throw from square leg by Amrbris - and he's missed with the throw. No one around to gather the throw, and a single is allowed. There was supposed to be no run there.
9.3
Holder to Karunaratne, no run, back of a length delivery on middle and off, another little hop and a swat to the man in front of square leg
9.2
Holder to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery on off, another jump and he fends it with a poke back to the bowler
9.1
Holder to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery, steep bounce, no width, and tapped on the head off the hop towards point
8.6
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, strays on the pads from round the wicket again, 147km/h worth of rubbish, whipped away off the pads towards deep backward square leg for a couple
8.5
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, no run, good length delivery on off, good pace: 147km/h, punched from the crease towards mid-off
8.4
Gabriel to Karunaratne, leg byes, 1 run, skids through on the legs, Karunaratne tries swatting it into the on-side, misses, and it thuds off the pads into the on-side for a leg-bye
8.3
Gabriel to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery on off, no width offered, a hop onto the backfoot and a punch to mid-on by Karunaratne
8.2
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, 1 run, fuller length delivery @143km/h, Kusal Perera has a go at a drive through mid-on - ends up getting a thick inside edge towards backward square leg for a single
8.1
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, no run, yorker length delivery @142km/h on middle, Kusal Perera has his frontfoot out of the way and digs it out hastily.
7.6
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short and wide outside off, Karunaratne gets progressively taller with the bounce and metamorphoses his regular cut into an upper-cut - but does it all too late as it goes through to the wicketkeeper
7.5
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, angling away, Karunaratne gets on top of the bounce and taps it on the head towards cover point
7.4
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, stops on the pitch again, back of a length and wide, Karunaratne has a slap at it - away from the body - and gets an under-edge away towards the right of the wicketkeeper
7.3
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery outside off, stays low, Karunaratne tries pulling - jack-knifes - and stills misses out on the pull
7.2
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, on the pads again, and nudged into the on-side
7.1
Thomas to Karunaratne, FOUR, oh what a shot! In the age of helicopters and other pyrotechnics, here's a ballet dancer. A half-volley wide of off-stump, on his knees and he's caressed it over the in-field to the deep backward point fence for four
6.6
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, FOUR, another abomination of a delivery on the pads, and that's whipped away fine of short fine leg for four
6.6
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, wide, short of length delivery down leg, Kusal Perera leaves it be - and it's called a wide
6.5
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, no run, good length delivery on leg-stump, tucked in front of square leg
6.4
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, FOUR, poor delivery on the boots from round the wicket, just a tickle down to the fine leg boundary for four
6.3
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, no run, 140km/h back of a length delivery on the pads, Kusal Perera tries swatting it away into the on-side but it grips - takes the leading edge, and nearly carries to Brathwaite at short cover
6.2
Gabriel to Karunaratne, 1 run, round the wicket, half-volley on the pads, whipped away to deep backward square leg for a single
6.1
Gabriel to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of length delivery on off-stump, tapped off the backfoot to mid-off for a sharp single
5.6
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short ball at the body, good pace, Karunaratne ducks underneath it, and that's through to the wicketkeeper
5.5
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery without a lot of width, punched off the backfoot towards point
5.4
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short and marginally wide, Karunaratne throws his hands at the cut, misses
5.3
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery rising sharply outside off, tapped on the head off the backfoot towards backward point by Karunaratne
5.2
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, back of a length delivery on off-stump, Karunaratne gets onto the backfoot swiftly and defends it solidly
5.1
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short and wide, very wide, but not too wide - Karunaratne has a go at the cut, can't reach it, but it's just inside the tramline
4.6
Cottrell to Karunaratne, 1 run, half-volley on the pads, clipped away towards deep square leg for a single
4.5
Cottrell to Karunaratne, no run, fuller length delivery on middle, 131km/h, and that's a closed-faced check-drive towards wide mid-on
4.4
Cottrell to Karunaratne, no run, another slower one at 129km/h, keeps rather low, cuts in a little, and that's defended softly into the off-side
4.3
Cottrell to Karunaratne, no run, slower delivery on a back of a length in the channel outside off, dies on the way to the 'keeper - doesn't quite carry. Left alone.
4.2
Cottrell to Kusal Perera, 1 run, fuller length delivery on middle, clipped away from the crease towards midwicket for a single. They think about a second, but right decide against it.
4.1
Cottrell to Kusal Perera, FOUR, short of length, wide, Kusal Perera comes down the track and towards the on-side to make room - and absolutely forehand-slaps it over wide mid-off for four. Flat and violent.
3.6
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery angling outside off, Karunaratne jumps and taps it on the head to cover point
3.5
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, short ball @146km/h, not a lot of width but angling across to off, and Karunaratne sways out of the way
3.4
Thomas to Karunaratne, FOUR, short and wide, Karunaratne reaches out and carves it away behind point towards the deep backward point fence or four. Cottrell tries to parry it back, but his second point of contact with the ball happens when he is in touch with the boundary cushioning
3.3
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, full and wide yorker length delivery outside off, steered out with a puff of dust towards backward point
3.2
Thomas to Karunaratne, no run, back of a length delivery angling across, stays a little low - Karunaratne hops, hoping for true bounce, and tries chopping it away through point. Misses.
3.1
Thomas to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, a hop and a steer down to deep backward point for a single
2.6
Cottrell to Karunaratne, no run, digs in the short ball at the body, Karunaratne takes his eyes off it and I'm sure he heard it whizz over his head
2.5
Cottrell to Karunaratne, FOUR, another half-volley on the pads, the West Indies have been maddeningly inconsistent - and easy pickings, even for an Asian side as down in the dumps as Sri Lanka. Picked the bones out of that flick towards cow corner for four
2.4
Cottrell to Karunaratne, no run, swerving away from a length and a bit of seam movement away, Karunaratne is on his knee to drive through cover, drawn into the shot, and he is beaten comprehensively on the outside edge/top-edge
2.3
Cottrell to Karunaratne, FOUR, on the pads, a half-volley, and those are easy pickings! Just whips it away between the square leg umpire and a square-ish short fine leg fielder for four
2.3
Cottrell to Karunaratne, wide, fuller length delivery angling down leg, Karunaratne misses the glance, and that's a wide
2.2
Cottrell to Karunaratne, no run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Karunaratne miscues a drive back towards the bowler
2.1
Cottrell to Karunaratne, no run, ooooooooooh! Fires in the yorker at 130km/h, just about dug out with a closed face - onto the pads, a bit of backspin almost onto the stumps, but good awareness shown as he reverse-swats it with his bat into the off-side - protecting his stumps
1.6
Thomas to Kusal Perera, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, defended off the backfoot from an open stance just behind point
1.5
Thomas to Kusal Perera, no run, short ball angling across, 139km/h, a jump and the upper-cut attempted - and he misses
1.4
Thomas to Kusal Perera, FOUR, crashed! Bangs it in on a back of a length, Kusal Perera gets on top of the bounce and slaps this through deep extra cover for four
1.3
Thomas to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, width-less short delivery again, and this time, he hops and angles the bat to place it behind point towards deep backward point for a couple
1.2
Thomas to Kusal Perera, no run, short of length delivery on off, Kusal Perera hops and taps it on the head towards point - rather iffy
1.1
Thomas to Kusal Perera, no run, back of a length delivery angling away, punched off the backfoot towards cover point
0.6
Cottrell to Kusal Perera, 1 run, half-volley on the pads, whipped away in front of deep square leg for a single
0.5
Cottrell to Kusal Perera, no run, dropped short, not a lot of width, Kusal Perera backs away and chops it straight to point where the fielder cuts it off
0.4
Cottrell to Kusal Perera, no run, fuller length delivery on the pads, Kusal Perera misses his flick, and is struck on the leg-guards
0.3
Cottrell to Kusal Perera, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Kusal Perera transfers his weight and walks into a drive towards mid-off
0.2
Cottrell to Kusal Perera, no run, back of a length delivery on middle and off, Kusal Perera blocks it off the backfoot back to the bowler
0.1
Cottrell to Karunaratne, 1 run, length delivery angling into the pads, tucked away off the backfoot to backward square leg for a single
Commentary
Gayle,Gabriel,Brathwaite,Holder,Ambris,Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Malinga,Mathews,Udana,Thirimanne,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Mendis,Jeffrey Vandersay,Kasun Rajitha,Avishka Fernando
