32.1
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, that's it! Convincing, easy seven wicket win for New Zealand. Alam bowls a friendly ball down the leg-side, Williamson helps it down to fine leg to complete the formalities
31.6
Hamid to Latham, no run, past the edge. Latham wanted to cover-drive this ball, but it moved away late
31.5
Hamid to Latham, no run, short delivery on the stumps, Latham ducks under it
31.4
Hamid to Williamson, 1 run, rises tall and defends this short of length delivery with soft hands to gully. Scores level
31.3
Hamid to Latham, 1 run, enough width to guide the ball to third man
31.2
Hamid to Williamson, leg byes, 1 run, short of length delivery rising extra, Williamson misses the flick and it rolls to short fine leg off the thigh pad
31.1
Hamid to Latham, 1 run, high full toss, just under the waist, Latham sends it to fine leg
30.6
Alam to Latham, 1 run, short delivery, Latham pulls to deep mid-wicket
30.5
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, neatly guided to third man
30.4
Alam to Latham, 1 run, full and angled in, Latham gets an inside edge on the glance and it rolls to fine leg
30.3
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, leading edge as Alam gets it to move away late when Williamson was looking to flick through mid-wicket, stopped at backward point, batsman rushes for a run
30.2
Alam to Latham, 1 run, short delivery, pulled to deep mid-wicket
30.1
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, full and on the leg stump, Williamson flicks it behind square to fine leg
29.6
Hamid to Latham, no run, beats the bat. This one moves away off the seam and surprises Latham on the defensive push, almost took the edge
29.5
Hamid to Williamson, 1 run, guided to third man for an easy run
29.4
Hamid to Williamson, no run, shortish delivery around off stump, Williamson hops and defends
29.3
Hamid to Latham, leg byes, 1 run, full and angled in, Latham misses the glance, the ball rolls behind square for a run
29.2
Hamid to Williamson, 1 run, this is the 20000th delivery Williamson has faced in his international career. Full delivery on the leg stump, Williamson flicks it to deep square leg
29.1
Hamid to Williamson, FOUR, overpitched and angling in, Williamson lets the ball come and flicks all along the ground past mid-wicket for four
28.6
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, run down to third man
28.5
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, FOUR, slower delivery wide outside off stump, Williamson reaches out and drives past cover, the ball rockets for four
28.4
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, FOUR, short and wide outside off stump, Williamson slaps hard through extra-cover and it runs away for four
28.3
Gulbadin Naib to Latham, 1 run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Latham flicks it to deep mid-wicket
28.2
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, pulled behind square leg, there is protection in the deep
28.1
Gulbadin Naib to Latham, 1 run, good length delivery on the stumps, Latham flicks it to mid-wicket
27.6
Alam to Williamson, no run, short delivery outside off stump, Williamson tries to guide the ball over keeper, misses
27.5
Alam to Latham, 1 run, driven away to sweeper cover
27.4
Alam to Latham, no run, if there's no bat here, Latham is plumb in front. Alam can't believe it's not given and has a gentle word with umpire Aleem Dar. No reviews left for Afghanistan. The slower delivery on the stumps, Latham missed the defence, the ball hit the pad before touching the bat. Lucky escape for Latham
27.3
Alam to Latham, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Latham defends to short mid-wicket
27.2
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, tucked away to square leg for a quick single
27.1
Alam to Williamson, no run, full and angling in, Williamson defends it towards short mid-wicket
26.6
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, late cut past backward point, but third man cuts it off. Interesting field. There is a man at a widish gully because Williamson loves to dab the ball to third man
26.5
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 2 runs, neatly flicks to deep mid-wicket
26.4
Gulbadin Naib to Latham, 1 run, short of length delivery angled in, Latham tucks it to backward square leg, he thinks about two but Gulbadin Naib came in Williamson's way as he tried to go for the ball, so they settle for a run
26.3
Gulbadin Naib to Latham, no run, slower delivery on the off stump, Latham defends into the off-side towards point
26.2
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, short of length delivery around the off stump, Williamson goes and flicks it to long-on
26.1
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 2 runs, overpitched outside off stump, Williamson drives it to deep extra-cover
25.6
Alam to Latham, FOUR, very full again, Latham drives down the ground, puts it past the ump and it runs away to the fence. Off the mark in style
25.5
Alam to Latham, no run, short of length delivery, left alone
25.4
Alam to Ross Taylor, out Bowled!! Oh that takes the bottom of the off stump. How did he miss a low fulll toss? May have just dipped very late on him. Tried to dig it out, but the ball sneaked under the bat. He misjudged the trajectory and thought the full toss would come much higher wkt (3-130) min (74m). Ross Taylor b Alam 48(52) [4s-6 6s-1]
25.3
Alam to Ross Taylor, FOUR, top edge, rolls to fine leg, oh Zazai is lazy the fence, doesn't bend down in time and it sneaks between his legs. Alam gives him a long stare
25.2
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, watchfully tucks through square leg
25.1
Alam to Ross Taylor, 1 run, shortish delivery around the off stump, Taylor works it behind square on the on-side
24.6
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, 2 runs, short and wide outside off stump, cut to deep backward point and that's Williamson's 38th ODI fifty
24.5
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, 1 run, full toss, Taylor flicks wide of long-on
24.4
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, 1 run, flicks along the ground to deep mid-wicket
24.3
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, no run, very full, Williamson digs it out
24.2
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, 1 run, oh what a quick delivery, it also spun, Taylor didn't pick that, just managed an under edge that saved him from LBW, ball rolls to short fine leg
24.1
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, SIX, Taylor turns the clock back to his younger days and peppers the deep mid-wicket crowd. Shuffles across, bends low and swings it with all his might. The power was such that is has gone out of the ground. New ball coming up..
23.6
Rahmat to Williamson, FOUR, tries to do something different and ends up gifting a rank long hop, Williamson bends his back knee and pulls it backward of square leg, no one in the deep to stop that
23.5
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, 1 run, drifting in on leg-stump, Taylor eases it to long-on
23.4
Rahmat to Williamson, 1 run, fraction short on this delivery and Williamson knocks it to long-on
23.3
Rahmat to Williamson, no run, slows it up close to off, Williamson dead-bats it into the off-side
23.2
Rahmat to Williamson, no run, tossed up outside off, Williamson pushes it firmly to cover
23.1
Rahmat to Williamson, no run, flighted on middle, Williamson prods forward and blocks to the on-side
22.6
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, attempts a good 'ol Taylor hack to the cow corner fence but is defeated by the lack of pace
22.5
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, FOUR, edged and four. Gulbadin Naib gets this back of a length delivery to lift awkwardly, Taylor was jumping up to ride the bounce and guide it to third man, but was not able to do that and the outside edge flies over the 'keeper
22.4
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, slower delivery and Taylor punches to backward point, Najibullah fumbles but no risky run
22.3
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, angled in from a length, whipped away to wide long-on, for a single
22.2
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, fuller and just outside off, Williamson taps it softly to gully
22.1
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Taylor cracks the cut to square third man
21.6
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flatter delivery on off, Taylor knocks it down to long-on
21.5
Rahmat to Williamson, 1 run, bit too full and Williamson uses his wrists to work it away to long-on
21.4
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, 1 run, uses his feet, gets to the pitch of the ball and drives to long-off
21.3
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted on off-stump, Taylor blocks
21.2
Rahmat to Williamson, 1 run, floated up around off, Williamson eases it gently to long-off
21.1
Rahmat to Williamson, no run, tossed up on middle, Williamson strides forward and defends back
20.6
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, slower delivery outside off, Taylor chops the cut to backward point
20.5
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, angled in from short of length, Taylor fails to meet with the flick, off the thigh pad and rolls back down
20.4
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, not short enough to play the pull and Williamson mistimes it in front of long-on
20.3
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, on a length around off, Williamson dabs it with an angled bat to gully
20.2
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short and outside off, Taylor cuts it behind point and third man is square enough to keep it to a single
20.1
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, loopy full toss and Williamson gets into a horrible position to whack that, shuffles and tries to overhit the heave and ends up mistiming it to wide long-on
20.1
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no ball, 4, that is a hit-me delivery from Gulbadin Naib. Short and outside off, it sat up nicely for Williamson, who gets on top of the bounce and cracks it behind point. The timing takes care of the rest. There are not enough fielders inside the ring and the umpire penalizes Gulbadin Naib for that
19.6
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, edge that doesn't carry. Shah is bowling well here. Tosses it up and draws the batsman forward, Taylor goes with soft hands and hence when the ball turns, the outside edge lands safely in front of slip
19.5
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted around off, Taylor presses forward and blocks
19.4
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, lovely delivery. Quicker and shorter, Shah still gets it to rip away, Taylor is neither forward nor back, he follows the line of the ball and is beaten on the outside edge. Not far from the off-stump either
19.3
Rahmat to Williamson, 1 run, touch quicker on middle, Williamson nudges it past the mid-wicket fielder
19.2
Rahmat to Williamson, no run, drifts in and straightens, Williamson closes the bat face and the soft leading edge rolls to cover
19.1
Rahmat to Williamson, no run, tossed up around off, Williamson pushes it firmly to cover
18.6
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, another off-pace delivery and Taylor is a tad early on the cut shot, the under-edge rolls back to the 'keeper
18.5
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, 1 run, leg-cutter outside off, Williamson punches it away to sweeper cover
18.4
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, slower delivery that is dragged down, Williamson delays his cut shot but still can't get it past backward point
18.3
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, waits for the back of a length delivery to arrive and pats it on the head to gully
18.3
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, wide, loopy bouncer which sails over Williamson's head, he didn't have to do anything. Called a wide for height
18.2
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, FOUR, has Williamson decided to up the ante? He charges down the wicket and kept his shape even though the length was shortened, pulls it through the vacant mid-wicket region to collect a boundary
18.1
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, that was a wide but Taylor goes chasing after it outside off and slaps it to sweeper cover
17.6
Rahmat to Williamson, no run, slower through the air and Williamson dabs it on the bounce to slip
17.5
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, 1 run, dragged back length, Taylor knocks it in the gap between cover and point
17.4
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, FOUR, sloppy. Shah would feel let down by his mate. Flighted outside off, Taylor drills the drive to sweeper cover and Hamid makes a mess of a straightforward stop
17.3
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, fraction short and outside off, chopped to backward point
17.2
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, driven straight to cover
17.1
Rahmat to Williamson, 1 run, yes-no again.. How can this pair have so much confusion especially having played togther for such a long time? Williamson taps it wide of cover, starts and then stops, Taylor keeps going and as expected the throw goes to the bowler's end. Williamson had made it in by then
16.6
Hamid to Williamson, 1 run, very full and on off-stump, squeezed out to mid-off and Williamson sets off for a sharp single
16.5
Hamid to Ross Taylor, leg byes, 1 run, rushed by the short of length delivery and Taylor is not able to connect with the flick, the ball thuds into the thigh pad and drops to ground, Williamson calls for a quick run
16.4
Hamid to Ross Taylor, no run, spears in the yorker just outside off, Taylor cannot jam it out
16.3
Hamid to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length around off, Williamson tucks it in front of square on the leg-side
16.2
Hamid to Williamson, no run, a better directed short ball, Williamson gets inside the line and is hurried into a duck
16.2
Hamid to Williamson, wide, bouncer which is too high for Aleem Dar's liking, Williamson ducks under it and pockets a wide
16.1
Hamid to Williamson, no run, decks in from a length, Williamson plays it close to the body with soft hands to gully
15.6
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, googly turns in, Taylor hangs back and pushes it to mid-wicket. Excellent over that
15.5
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, steps out and is met by a shortened length, Taylor can only knock it into the on-side
15.4
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, landing them perfectly around off-stump, Taylor negates it with a forward stride
15.3
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted just outside off, Taylor blocks it off the front foot
15.2
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up around off, Taylor comes down the track and defends back
15.1
Rahmat to Ross Taylor, FOUR, streaky! A regular spinner would have had a slip and got Taylor first ball. But a part-timer like Shah doesn't get one, the leg-break spins away and takes the outside edge of Taylor's bat, runs away fine past Hamid
14.6
Hamid to Williamson, no run, another leave outside off, watching the ball go through to the keeper
14.5
Hamid to Williamson, no run, good length ball outside off, Williamson has nothing to do with it
14.4
Hamid to Williamson, 2 runs, short ball outside off, not an easy line to pull from but Williamson has camped back nicely which allows him to fetch it through midwicket
14.3
Hamid to Williamson, no run, length ball outside off, Williamson lets it go through
14.2
Hamid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short and wide, Taylor reaches out and cuts it to deep point
14.1
Hamid to Ross Taylor, no run, short of length on off, not the room Taylor's looking for. Wanted to cut initially, but adjusts and chops it to point
13.6
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, 1 run, there's a mix-up in the running and Williamson looks to be in trouble. But the throw was too high, which gave the New Zealand captain enough time. Just home. This ball was nudged wide of midwicket and while Taylor went through for the single from the outset, Williamson stuttered. Hasn't proved costly
13.5
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, 1 run, punched through the covers
13.4
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, no run, lovely from Mohammad Nabi. His flight teases Williamson into eyeing the covers but the ball dips on him. Comes off a thick inside edge down the pitch
13.3
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, no run, turned to midwicket
13.2
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, no run, length ball sliding through outside off, steered to backward point
13.1
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flighted up on middle, driven to long-on
12.6
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, width from Gulbadin Naib, Williamson fails to cash in on it. Cuts it straight to point
12.5
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower length ball outside off, driven to sweeper cover
12.4
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, pitched up outside off, driven sweetly to cover
12.3
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, FOUR, enough bat on this back-cut to beat third man. Short and wide, Taylor went at it with nothing held back
12.2
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, short of length delivery outside off, slower one, Taylor cuts to point
12.1
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, no run, walks at this full ball and defends
11.6
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, no run, swung away from off stump. Interesting change-up from Mohammad Nabi. Williamson carefully punches it back to him
11.5
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, no run, length ball outside off, Williamson hops back and bunts to cover
11.4
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, 1 run, sliding through outside off, Taylor punches to long-on
11.3
Mohammad Nabi to Williamson, 1 run, plays with the turn wide of midwicket
11.2
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flighted on off, eased down to long-on
11.2
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, wide, loopy off-break down leg, Taylor misses out on the sweep
11.1
Mohammad Nabi to Ross Taylor, no run, length ball turning in on off, Taylor nudges into the on-side
10.6
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, pitched up outside off, driven wide of Shahidi whose diving stop protects the over. Maiden from Gulbadin Naib
10.5
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, length ball outside off, left alone
10.4
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, length ball outside off, Williamson is unusually tentative in defence to be beaten on the outside edge
10.3
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, full ball outside off, left alone
10.2
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, short of length on off, nudged into the on-side
10.1
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery outside off, chopped to gully
9.6
Alam to Ross Taylor, no run, pitched up on off, driven to mid-on
9.5
Alam to Ross Taylor, no run, length ball slanting in on middle and leg, Taylor plays across it and misses, leading to a loud appeal. But this was too high. It had missed Taylor's pad, hitting him on the thigh
9.4
Alam to Ross Taylor, no run, short of length on off, blocked
9.3
Alam to Ross Taylor, FOUR, bouncer at Taylor's head, which is pulled away in commanding fashion through square leg. Got right over the ball to hit it along the ground
9.2
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, flaps the pull in the air, just wide of mid-on. Well done from Alam to rush Williamson on this pull shot
9.1
Alam to Ross Taylor, 1 run, length ball on middle, works it wide of mid-on
8.6
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, pitched up at the stumps, on-driven to mid-on
8.5
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, good length ball outside off, defended into the off-side
8.4
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, Afghanistan very excited about this appeal. Didn't take Gulbadin Naib long at all, without even consulting anyone, he went for the review. Full ball outside off, tempts Williamson into an off-drive and goes past his edge. Nothing on UltraEdge. Review lost
8.3
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, short of length at the waist, tucked to square leg
8.2
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, FOUR, short and wide, slapped away through point by Williamson who will put these away every day and every night
8.1
Gulbadin Naib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, back of a length delivery on off, Taylor works it wide of mid-on
7.6
Alam to Williamson, no run, full ball around off, defended securely on the front foot
7.5
Alam to Munro, out Caught by Hamid!! Ordinary batting from Munro. This is a short ball outside off and he's upper-cut it straight to third man. Hamid Hassan nestles it around 10-15 yards from the boundary. More reason for Afghanistan to not give up on their chances wkt (2-41) min (38m). Munro c Hamid b Alam 22(24) [4s-4]
7.4
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length delivery on middle, Williamson works it gently through midwicket
7.3
Alam to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, turned to square leg
7.2
Alam to Munro, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, Munro wants to force it through cover and hence reaching in front of him. Ekes out a thick inside edge wide of mid-on
7.1
Alam to Munro, no run, short of length delivery on off, blunted out by Munro
6.6
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, FOUR, between cover and point. Zips through the outfield for four. Back of a length outside off, punched sweetly from Williamson who is at ease when playing off the back foot
6.5
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, good length delivery outside off, dabbed to gully
6.4
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery on off, blocked to mid-off
6.3
Gulbadin Naib to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery wide of off, Williamson mistimes the cut to cover
6.2
Gulbadin Naib to Munro, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, tempting enough for Munro to slash. A thick edge flies towards third man on the bounce and the spin on it almost catches Hamid Hassan unawares. He stuck one hand out and managed to save himself the blushes
6.1
Gulbadin Naib to Munro, no run, back of a length delivery at the stumps, blocked from the crease
5.6
Hamid to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery wide of off, left alone
5.5
Hamid to Williamson, no run, pitched up on off stump, defended on the forward stride
5.4
Hamid to Williamson, no run, length ball on off, Williamson defends with bat and pad close together, no gap between them
5.4
Hamid to Williamson, wide, in-dipper slips down the leg-side from Hassan
5.3
Hamid to Williamson, FOUR, thick inside edge that flies over the bails! There's something in there for the quicks. Short of length, cuts in slightly and there's some disconcerting bounce as Williamson looks to fend. Lucky boundary
5.2
Hamid to Williamson, no run, nip-backer from back of a length, Williamson is left jumping on the crease with his bat coming across at an angle. He's hit on the thigh pad
5.1
Hamid to Munro, 1 run, back of a length delivery on off, Munro blocks it in between extra cover and mid-off. Senses the opportunity for the single early
4.6
Alam to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery that nips in to strike Williamson on the thigh
4.5
Alam to Williamson, no run, full ball on middle, clipped to mid-on
4.4
Alam to Munro, 1 run, back of a length on middle, clipped to deep midwicket
4.3
Alam to Munro, no run, short of length around off and middle, Munro wasn't able to free his arms on the pull. Mistimes the flat-batted swat to mid-on
4.2
Alam to Munro, no run, his head isn't in a great position as the ball slants into leg stump. It falls over on the flick which Munro misses altogether and is struck on the pad. Would've missed with the angle
4.1
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length delivery on middle, Williamson shuffles across and whips it to fine leg
3.6
Hamid to Munro, no run, good length ball just outside off, defensively pushed to cover
3.5
Hamid to Munro, FOUR, length ball slanted away outside off, Munro leans into it and slices it through point. Great timing, and although it went uppishly, it was through the big gap present
3.4
Hamid to Williamson, 1 run, works this straight ball through square leg
3.3
Hamid to Munro, 1 run, now a leading edge that flies through backward point to the left of third man who does well to keep them to one
3.2
Hamid to Munro, no run, thick outside edge scoots through to gully! The angle from over the wicket troubling Munro. Back of a length across off, Munro punches without quite covering the line
3.1
Hamid to Munro, no run, pitched up on off, punched to mid-off
2.6
Alam to Williamson, no run, length ball on middle, Williamson turns it to midwicket
2.5
Alam to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, dabbed to gully
2.4
Alam to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery on off, blocked
2.3
Alam to Munro, leg byes, 1 run, slower ball in on leg stump, drifted in sharply and cramped Munro before deflecting off the pad
2.2
Alam to Munro, FOUR, nice, straight bat from Munro as he punches this full ball through mid-off. No cutting it off, even with a dive. Alam understandably looking for swing, but there's not much there
2.1
Alam to Munro, no run, short of length delivery coming in on off, punched to backward point
2.1
Alam to Munro, wide, back of a length delivery down leg, Munro doesn't get any bat on it while looking to glance
1.6
Hamid to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery, nippy from Hassan as it fizzes through off the pitch. Williamson leaves
1.5
Hamid to Munro, 1 run, short of length outside off, Munro flashes and carves it down to third man off a thick edge
1.4
Hamid to Munro, no run, leaves him with the angle, Munro isn't helped with his back foot remaining cemented to the crease - not going across towards the ball. The only efforts to reach out with his hands, which are left hanging away from the body. Beaten!
1.3
Hamid to Munro, no run, short of length delivery wide of off, hands thrown at the delivery once more but no contact
1.3
Hamid to Munro, wide, short of length delivery wide of off, Munro charged and flailed, but couldn't reach out
1.2
Hamid to Munro, no run, length ball on off, blocked to cover
1.1
Hamid to Williamson, 1 run, short of length, Williamson rides the bounce nicely and tucks it through square leg
0.6
Alam to Munro, no run, back of a length delivery on off from round the wicket, blocked
0.5
Alam to Munro, FOUR, fuller than a length outside off, not as straightforward as the previous one but the ease with which Munro smashed this, you wouldn't have been able to tell. Absolutely drills it through cover-point
0.4
Alam to Munro, FOUR, pitched up on off stump, it's too full from Alam and the movement is non-existent. Comfortably punched through mid-off for four
0.3
Alam to Williamson, 1 run, too straight from Alam again, Williamson works him through midwicket
0.2
Alam to Williamson, 2 runs, back of a length on leg, tucked wide of fine leg. Williamson off the mark with two as there is a fumble
0.1
Alam to Guptill, out Caught by Najibullah!! Gone first ball. What a start from Afghanistan. Back of a length, ducks in late. Guptill was justified in looking to clip through the on-side, but fails to handle the movement. Gets an inside edge onto thigh pad and it flies to backward point. Afghanistan needed this early lift wkt (1-0) min (3m). Guptill c Najibullah b Alam 0(1)
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Ferguson
Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Ikram Alikhil,Alam,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Noor Ali
