49.6
Naib to Bumrah, 1 run, slower dipping yorker on off, Bumrah drags it back onto his feet off the inside edge. They scamper the single
49.5
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, out Caught by (sub)Noor Ali!! Slower length ball outside off, Jadhav dances down looking to make his own power. Slaps it hard looking to clear extra-cover but doesn't get the elevation. Noor Ali stretches overhead, has a bit of a bobble but holds onto the rebound wkt (8-223) min (88m). Kedar Jadhav c (sub)Noor Ali b Naib 52(68) [4s-3 6s-1]
49.4
Naib to Kuldeep Yadav, 1 run, nudges this low full toss to midwicket and gets Jadhav on strike
49.3
Naib to Shami, out Bowled!! Shami swings right across this slower leg-cutter which drifts past his inside edge onto leg stump. Threw himself into the slog in vain wkt (7-222) min (7m). Shami b Naib 1(2)
49.2
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, swipes this slower ball through to deep backward square, settles for the single
49.1
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, 2 runs, full toss that is heaved wide of long-on. Rashid put in a gamely effort running across from long-on, even managing to stop the ball with a one-handed dive as it came on the half-volley. But what has he done to himself? He lies flat on his back after the effort, grimacing in pain. Meanwhile, this is fifty for Kedar Jadhav
48.6
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, walks down and flicks this through midwicket to keep strike for the final over
48.5
Aftab Alam to Shami, 1 run, short of length outside off, Shami drags the pull behind square
48.4
Aftab Alam to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Ikram Ali Khil!! Plenty of height on the short ball. No question would've been a wide had Pandya not gone arms-flailing at it, resulting in an edge to the keeper. Fails to provide the flourish India would've desperately wanted out of him wkt (6-217) min (23m). Hardik Pandya c Ikram Ali Khil b Aftab Alam 7(9)
48.3
Aftab Alam to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, low full toss on leg stump, whipped to the right of deep backward square where Rashid puts in an incredible effort, snatching the ball that had already passed him as he slid across
48.2
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, speared into the blockhole, Jadhav jams it to long-on
48.1
Aftab Alam to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, flat-batted to long-on
47.6
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, 2 runs, advances down again and hoists the slower ball over extra cover, comfortably clearing the infield but not having enough power to threaten the boundary
47.5
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, 2 runs, Jadhav ventures out too soon, allowing Naib to shorten the length and take the pace off. Then has to drag this ploppy, dipping slower ball through square leg. They wheel back for two
47.4
Naib to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, back of a length around the waist, the slower ball sat up but Pandya swings it straight to deep backward square
47.3
Naib to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, Naib tumbles over in followthrough and wraps his hands around his head incase Pandya's drive is coming for him. But it's wide enough. Didn't get hold of the ball and the lack of timing allows him to come back for two
47.2
Naib to Hardik Pandya, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, hardly bounces up with Naib taking the pace off. Sneaks underneath Pandya's fierce slash
47.1
Naib to Hardik Pandya, no run, smacked back at the stumps at the non-striker's end! Had cleared his front leg to this length ball, allowing for a free swing. The furniture denies him a few runs
46.6
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, length ball at the stumps, played back down the pitch
46.5
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, Jadhav's been given out leg-before but Pandya has convinced him to go for the review, which comes to his rescue as ball-tracking shows the googly to be missing leg. Comfortably too. Jadhav shuffled across his stumps and missed this while looking to play across the line
46.4
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, extra bounce for Rashid! This googly kicks up significantly as Jadhav shapes for a cut. Beats him
46.3
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, there's a stumping appeal sent upstairs. But although Jadhav's back foot was initially on the line, he dragged it back in time. Length ball fizzing past his outside edge as he looks to work it through the on-side. Didn't pick it, but had awareness of what was going on
46.3
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, wide, this googly slips down the leg-side
46.2
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, leading edge rolls back to the bowler
46.1
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, length ball at the stumps, defends it down the pitch
45.6
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, low full toss at the stumps, drilled down to long-on
45.5
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, SIX, serious hit from Jadhav with one hand! Probably a slower ball, which deceived him into swinging through it early. But it says a lot about his power that he's able to clear one of the longer straight boundaries in this competition
45.4
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, no run, low full toss slanting in on middle, Jadhav misses out. All he manages is an inside edge onto pad
45.3
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, no run, near yorker outside off, Jadhav swings hard but it sneaks through
45.2
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, FOUR, lovely deflection from Jadhav. Although the line - down leg - was favouring him, it was an off-cutter from Alam which meant there was no great pace on it. Jadhav imparted some power of his own. More of a swipe than a paddle to beat short fine leg
45.1
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, no run, advances down but finds himself yorker by a full and wide one from Aftab, doesn't get any bat on it
44.6
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, slightly short outside off, dragged through midwicket by Jadhav
44.5
Rashid Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, the googly snakes in sharply from back of a length, cramps Pandya who rushes his bat down for an inside edge
44.4
Rashid Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, turning into the stumps, nudged into the on-side
44.3
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, out Stumped!! Looks to up the ante, charges down for a big hit but is beaten by Rashid's fizzing leg-break. Excellent stumping from the keeper. Uff, the pressure was growing and in an attempt to burst the bubble, Ms Dhoni perishes. Looks like Ms Dhoni tried to react to the crowd's reaction. It was sort of an angry hit attempted and he missed the line completely wkt (5-192) min (75m). Ms Dhoni st Ikram Ali Khil b Rashid Khan 28(52) [4s-3]
44.2
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, pushed to cover. Crowd disappointed with the dots from Ms Dhoni. Sounded like they booed him
44.1
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, what a comical sequence of events! Would make for a good pantomime version. Ms Dhoni steps out, looks to work this googly through midwicket but is struck on the pad with the ball rolling beside the pitch. He initially looks for a single, and causes Jadhav to hurtle down, but then Ms Dhoni turns back and makes a dash for the striker's end. Jadhav was more than halfway down with no hope of making it back. But the fielder who was coming to the non-striker's end to collect Rashid's throw slipped. And Rashid missed the direct hit himself. He actually was only looking to gently throw it to Rahmat, for him to complete the run-out
43.6
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, back of a length, sliding into the stumps, tucked through square leg. Curious ploy to see Mujeeb off but they've achieved it
43.5
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, pushed through full on middle, the carrom ball grips slightly and is blocked by Ms Dhoni
43.4
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, almost in the blockhole from Mujeeb, Ms Dhoni digs it out
43.3
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, shimmies out and turns it to short midwicket
43.2
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, length ball straightening on middle, played back to Mujeeb
43.1
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, works this off the stumps through square leg
42.6
Aftab Alam to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and around off, driven back to Aftab
42.5
Aftab Alam to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, up and over mid-off! Pitched up in the slot, a length belies logic with mid-off up in the ring but Ms Dhoni isn't complainging as he uses his bottom-hand throttle to power it down
42.4
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, flicked behind square for a single
42.3
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, no run, that's a very, very good shout which is hastily dismissed by the umpire. Maybe Jadhav walking down the pitch was a deterrent, but this looked fairly adjacent. Nip-backer from a good length, thuds into the front pad. The ball-tracking on this would be interesting
42.2
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, FOUR, a ball that Jadhav just couldn't have missed out on. An absolute freebie. Short of length around the waist, Jadhav latches onto it. Knows fine leg is up in the ring and pulls it over him
42.1
Aftab Alam to Kedar Jadhav, 2 runs, short of length delivery around off, rose up to Jadhav's waist and it's tucked through square leg. India doing the one thing they're in control of, show urgency in the running. They dash back for two
41.6
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, pushed to cover
41.5
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, it's a struggle out there. Back of a length, sliding in, Ms Dhoni looks to play across the line of it but, unable to suss the skid on it, ends up wearing it on the pad
41.4
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, hangs back to a full ball outside off, bunts it to cover
41.3
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, 96kph, fired in on leg stump, Ms Dhoni's a touch lazy with his wristwork and is struck on the pad
41.2
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, flat length ball outside off, defended in front of point
41.1
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, no run, carrom ball which straightens on middle, extra kick for Mujeeb, Jadhav turns it into the on-side
41.1
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, wide, spinning down leg, Jadhav doesn't get any bat on it
40.6
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, slips a juicy full toss on the pads, Jadhav clearly wasn't expecting that and therefore, could only force it as far as mid-wicket
40.5
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, fullish outside off, Jadhav tucks himself into a bat-pad block
40.4
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, legbreak outside off at 91ks, Jadhav opens the bat face and dabs it straight to the man at short third
40.3
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, too full at 88ks outside off, thumped away towards long-off
40.2
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, leans across and chips the full ball towards cover
40.1
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, googly, pitches on middle and fizzes in quickly to clonk Ms Dhoni on the thigh pad. Was late on the pull and hence didn't make any contact
39.6
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, no run, digs it short outside off at 123ks, Jadhav arches back and lets it go
39.5
Naib to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, enough room on offer outside off, slapped away to deep point
39.4
Naib to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, very hard to deceive Ms Dhoni with slower balls. He's played a zillion of those in the IPL. Swivels and takes on the short ball to maul the pull through square leg, raced away in a jiffy
39.3
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, 125ks, opens the bat face and glides a length ball down to third man
39.2
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, 2 runs, dug in short at the ribs, Jadhav gets inside the line and drags the pull to the right of fine leg
39.1
Naib to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, wobbly seam full delivery just outside off, Ms Dhoni opens the bat face and pushes the drive wide of cover
38.6
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, solid as a rock in forward defence
38.5
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, cuts the pace and bowls it full outside off, Jadhav lunges forward and offers a dead bat
38.4
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, strides forward and slices the drive to the right of backward point, takes off for a quick single and makes it look ever so simple does MS. Direct hit at the bowling end, but Ms Dhoni's well in
38.3
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, quicker delivery around off, knocked away to the right of mid-wicket
38.2
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, plays the slogsweep against a full googly and drags it off the inside edge onto his pad
38.1
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, too full and doesn't matter which way it's spinning, Ms Dhoni biffs the drive wide of mid-off
37.6
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, no run, extra bounce on this short ball, fizzes off the pitch at 128ks wide of off and Jadhav's fishing rod can't make any contact
37.5
Naib to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shuffles past his off-stump, gets in line with the delivery and polishes it off his hip towards deep square
37.4
Naib to Ms Dhoni, no run, fullish and wide of off, Ms Dhoni looks to smash the flat-bat drive but can't get it past backward point
37.3
Naib to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, another slower short ball, Jadhav splices the pull to the left of fine leg
37.2
Naib to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, Naib drags it short, had to. And what does Ms Dhoni do? Swivel and clatter the pull to deep square, easy
37.1
Naib to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, Ms Dhoni doesn't mind a bit of pace. Gets ample width outside off and he nails the punch drive through extra cover with a dash of serenity. Classic MS!
36.6
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, googly on leg-stump, Jadhav gets beaten on the inside edge and is hit high on the pad. Mild appeal from Rashid Khan but no dice
36.5
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, FOUR, brings out the slogsweep now! Crouches and gets underneath the full ball to spank it away over mid-wicket, no-one in the deep and that'll be Kedar Jadhav's first boundary
36.4
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, legbreak outside off, Jadhav strides forward and lets it go
36.3
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, very full on leg-stump, Jadhav seeks to whip drive and nearly chips a catch to short mid-wicket. Drops just short of Rahmat Shah...
36.2
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, attacking off-stump again, Jadhav blocks it watchfully
36.1
Rashid Khan to Kedar Jadhav, no run, quicker legbreak on off, Jadhav stays back and blocks under his eyes
35.6
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, has Ms Dhoni been strangled down leg? Umpire Richard Illingworth doesn't think so. Afghanistan don't have any reviews left. Mujeeb went slightly wide of the crease and angled this in around the pads, pitches around middle and slides past Ms Dhoni's attempted clip. Doesn't look like any bat involved and my colleague Sagar Chawla feels that Afghanistan have successfully managed to distract the umpire from signalling a wide. Replays in: Nothing on the UltraEdge off the bat, clear spike as the ball brushed the pad
35.5
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, no run, flicked away off the pads into the leg-side
35.4
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, yorker length just outside off, Jadhav jams the drive to long-on
35.3
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, no run, quick and straight on off, Jadhav sits forward in defence
35.2
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, no run, late spin away around off stump, Jadhav defends it watchfully into the leg-side
35.1
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, no run, full and slipping down the leg-side, Jadhav tickles but cannot get it past the fielder at short fine
34.6
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, no run, quick around off, Ms Dhoni pushes it wide of cover and denies what looked like an easy single. Was late to get off the blocks and perhaps didn't want to risk it
34.5
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, makes room and slaps the flatter delivery through covers
34.4
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, flat and fast outside off, Ms Dhoni thrashes the cut square on the off-side but deep cover had it covered
34.3
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, slightly short around off, gives Jadhav ample time to work it off his pads to square leg
34.2
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, MS does the same. Saunters down the pitch, nudges the ball past the diving left hand of mid-wicket
34.1
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, waits for the ball to arrive and then gently dabs it into the leg-side with soft hands. Smart single if I may say so
33.6
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, sliding on the pads, worked away towards deep square
33.5
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, no run, slower and spinning in with a hint of extra bounce, Jadhav stands back and diffuses it into the pitch
33.4
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, no run, prods forward and blocks the full delivery into the leg-side
33.3
Mujeeb to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, fraction full outside off, Ms Dhoni square drives through point for a yawning single
33.2
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, flighted outside off, Jadhav presses forward and drives it in the gap through covers
33.1
Mujeeb to Kedar Jadhav, no run, flat outside off, Jadhav cuts to the right of backward point. A diving stop by Shahidi there
32.6
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, shimmies a fraction and picks the ball off his pads to the right of square leg
32.5
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, no run, forward and nudged into the leg-side
32.4
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, flat again, hint of extra bounce on the stumps, Ms Dhoni punches with a straight bat to long-on
32.3
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, flatter on middle, eased down to long-on
32.2
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, 2 runs, hint of width outside off, Kedar Jadhav slams the cut to deep backward point
32.1
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, no run, comes forward and across and tucks the ball off his pads towards square leg
31.6
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, no run, tosses it up outside off, Ms Dhoni lunges across and blocks into the off-side
31.5
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, no run, full on off, pushed back to the bowler
31.4
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, no run, attacks the stumps, Ms Dhoni hangs back and bunts it down the pitch
31.3
Rahmat to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, 85ks, flighted outside off, Kedar Jadhav opens the bat face and taps a single through point
31.2
Rahmat to Kedar Jadhav, no run, stays on the back foot and nudhes the legbreak with soft hands into the leg-side
31.1
Rahmat to Kedar Jadhav, no run, classic legbreak! Pitches on middle and spins a long way away to beat the hanging blade of Kedar Jadhav
31.1
Rahmat to Kedar Jadhav, wide, quicker and drifting down leg, Jadhav's late on the pull but doesn't matter. Wided
30.6
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, very full and outside off stump, Jadhav digs it out to long-on
30.5
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, no run, pushed into the off-side
30.4
Nabi to Kedar Jadhav, no run, flighted delivery just around the off stump, Jadhav defends off the front foot
30.3
Nabi to Virat Kohli, out Caught by Rahmat!! Now then, now then! This is massive. 135/4 now. Not a wicket taking delivery. Nabi acknowledges with that surprise smile on his face. Short delivery, Virat Kohli went back and tried to hit really hard with the cut shot, gets a thick edge and the man at short third man dives forward and takes it inches above the ground wkt (4-135) min (105m). Virat Kohli c Rahmat b Nabi 67(63) [4s-5]
30.2
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, wristed past the man at short mid-wicket
30.1
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short and outside off stump, cut hard to the right of deep point
29.6
Rahmat to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortish and outside off stump, Virat Kohli cuts it to sweeper cover
29.5
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Ms Dhoni drives it to long-on
29.4
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, no run, good diving half-stop at cover, Ms Dhoni drove this ball off the front foot and looked for a run, but Virat Kohli rightly said no. Would have been very risky
29.3
Rahmat to Virat Kohli, 1 run, oh uppishly pushes at this flighted delivery and sends it wide of the man at short cover
29.2
Rahmat to Virat Kohli, no run, nice stride forward to defend this flighted delivery into the off-side
29.1
Rahmat to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, overpitched, Virat Kohli is good with drives through the off-side, hits it to deep cover
28.6
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, no run, oh he wanted to guide it late, but was hurried by this flatter delivery, ball rolls to the right of the keeper after taking the inside half of the bat
28.5
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, easy drive down to long-on
28.4
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, flatter delivery on the off stump, Ms Dhoni punches it to long-on
28.3
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, no run, another dot as Ms Dhoni moves across and knocks to mid-wicket
28.2
Nabi to Ms Dhoni, no run, Ms Dhoni looks to late-cut, but hits it straight to backward point
28.1
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortish delivery outside off stump, Virat Kohli punches it to long-on
27.6
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, googly very full, Ms Dhoni lunges to push it to mid-off, gets a thickish edge that rolls into the on-side
27.5
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, shortish ball, punched off the back foot to cover
27.4
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, googly, but Ms Dhoni lets it pass as it isn't coming to the sticks
27.3
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, it's very full this time, Ms Dhoni drives to cover
27.2
Rashid Khan to Ms Dhoni, no run, short and wide outside off stump, Ms Dhoni misses out on a boundary, slaps it straight to cover
27.1
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, googly from Rashid Khan, Virat Kohli drives along the ground to long-on
26.6
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, no run, carefully pushes this to the off-side to close out the over
26.5
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, no run, spinning away outside off stump, Ms Dhoni defends
26.4
Rahmat to Virat Kohli, 1 run, covers the line of this flighted delivery and drives it to long-on
26.3
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, oh he is down the track to meet this one, driven to long-on
26.2
Rahmat to Ms Dhoni, no run, Ms Dhoni gets a big stride forward to defend this flighted delivery into the off-side
26.1
Rahmat to Shankar, out Lbw!! Aleem Dar definitely challenged Ms Dhoni's reaction time for a stumping with this LBW decision. His finger went up in a fraction of a second as soon as the Afghan boys went "Aaaaahhh" in their appeal. That was plumb in front though. Shankar is a tall figure and doesn't actually master the sweep shot, he tries one, misses, ball pitches leg stump, straightens, hits him in line with leg stump and it would have hit a decent chunk of that leg pole according to HawkEye. Shankar spoke to Virat Kohli and then reviewed, lucky for India that it was umpire's call and not hitting wkt (3-122) min (49m). Shankar lbw b Rahmat 29(41) [4s-2]
25.6
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, FOUR, the googly horribly bowled down the leg-side, Virat Kohli won't miss out on freebies and helps it away fine past short fine leg
25.5
Rashid Khan to Shankar, 1 run, almost a yorker, Shankar drills it to long-off
25.4
Rashid Khan to Shankar, no run, reads this leggie off the pitch and defends into the off-side
25.3
Rashid Khan to Shankar, no run, the googly cramps Shankar on the cut shot, under edge rolls into the off-side
25.2
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, defends this flighted delivery with an angled bat to point
25.1
Rashid Khan to Shankar, 1 run, flatter and outside off stump, Shankar defends off the back foot
24.6
Rahmat to Shankar, 1 run, flatter delivery on the stumps, Shankar flicks to deep mid-wicket
24.5
Rahmat to Shankar, no run, slower through the air and on the off stump, Shankar defends towards cover-point
24.4
Rahmat to Shankar, no run, he's definitely crunching the drives really hard, ask Rahmat, that stop would have been painful
24.3
Rahmat to Shankar, FOUR, the inside-out lofted cover drive gives you that immense satisfaction as a player when you find the middle of the bat. Rahmat tossed this up outside off stump, Shankar hits this powerfully over the infield with feet moving forward
24.2
Rahmat to Shankar, no run, another firm drive, finds cover
24.1
Rahmat to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flighted delivery spinning away outside off stump, Virat Kohli drives to sweeper cover
23.6
Rashid Khan to Shankar, no run, googly on the off stump, Shankar defends off the front foot
23.5
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter ball, Virat Kohli punches it to deep point
23.4
Rashid Khan to Shankar, 1 run, spinning away outside off stump, Shankar punches it square of the wicket on the off-side
23.3
Rashid Khan to Shankar, no run, shortish and outside off stump, Shankar punches it towards cover
23.2
Rashid Khan to Shankar, no run, outside off stump, left alone
23.1
Rashid Khan to Shankar, 2 runs, googly, but the length had to be a tad shorter to force Shankar into indecision, flicked behind square
22.6
Rahmat to Shankar, 1 run, too full to trouble the batsman, Shankar drives it to long-on
22.5
Rahmat to Virat Kohli, 1 run, nice and full again, Virat Kohli leans forward and drives to long-on
22.4
Rahmat to Shankar, 1 run, very full and on the leg stump, Shankar drives it to long-on
22.3
Rahmat to Shankar, no run, defended into the off-side
22.2
Rahmat to Shankar, no run, blocked off the front foot
22.1
Rahmat to Shankar, FOUR, cracking drive. Big stride forward to reach to this flighted delivery and essays a neat drive, hit with a lot of power, Nabi runs to his left from long-off, but fails to stop. Rubs his thigh as he seemed to have slightly hurt himself with the dive
21.6
Rashid Khan to Shankar, 1 run, Shankar pushes it to cover
21.6
Rashid Khan to Shankar, wide, fired down the leg-side. The keeper whipped the bails as Shankar almost overbalanced
21.5
Rashid Khan to Shankar, 2 runs, soft hands on the flick and it rolls wide of long-on, rushes back for two
21.4
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 52nd ODI fifty. Will this be another hundred? Has all the makings of one. Rashid Khan overpitched, Virat Kohli drove and got to the milestone. Been a good innings. Tough going, but he's sensibly gone about his business
21.3
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, Virat Kohli does hit the gap this time, leans forward and drives it wide of long-off, rushes back for the second
21.2
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, no run, pushed through, Virat Kohli didn't have the time to move his feet, driven with the hands to cover
21.1
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, no run, spinning away outside off stump, Virat Kohli defends off the back foot
20.6
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flat enough for Virat Kohli to go back and punch along the ground to long-on
20.5
Nabi to Shankar, 1 run, now the use of the feet ftom Shankar, gets to the pitch of this flighted delivery and drives it down to long-on
20.4
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, late dab to short third man, wanted to send it finer for four
20.3
Nabi to Virat Kohli, no run, Virat Kohli wanted to punch in the gap for a run, but finds the man at cover
20.2
Nabi to Shankar, 1 run, Shankar gets a stride forward and drives to long-on
20.1
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flicks to deep mid-wicket
19.6
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fraction short and Virat Kohli pulls it to deep backward square, retains strike
19.5
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, no run, googly on a flattish length, Virat Kohli goes back and across to knock it to mid-wicket
19.4
Rashid Khan to Shankar, 1 run, flighted around off, Vijay goes forward confidently and knocks it wide of cover
19.3
Rashid Khan to Shankar, no run, Afghanistan lose their review. Vijay clearly showed his bat but Rashid did not believe him. It was the wrong 'un and Vijay did not pick him, he went back and was cramped for room, somehow managed to get his bat down to get an inside edge onto the back pad. If not for that he was right in front of the stumps
19.2
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, immediately shortens the length, Virat Kohli stays back and knocks it to long-on
19.1
Rashid Khan to Virat Kohli, FOUR, welcome, Mr. Rashid. It was an overpitched delivery and Virat Kohli ain't missing out, he leans forward and creams the drive through cover, Aftab tried to stop it running across from long-off but the power on that was just too good for him
18.6
Nabi to Shankar, no run, drags back the length and Vijay shuffles across to knock it back to Nabi
18.5
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, more air and outside off, Virat Kohli presses forward and uses his wrist to work it to long-on
18.4
Nabi to Virat Kohli, no run, this time Shah gets across to his left to stop Virat Kohli's flick and the single
18.3
Nabi to Shankar, 1 run, floated up outside off, Vijay drops it with soft hands into the off-side and off go the duo
18.2
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, nudged to the leg-side and Virat Kohli beats a diving Shah near square leg to get the single
18.1
Nabi to Shankar, 1 run, flighted outside off, Vijay almost yorks himself but manages to drive it to long-on
17.6
Naib to Virat Kohli, no run, the slower bouncer around leg-stump, Virat Kohli pulls and is defeated by the lack of pace, the ball lobs over his top-edge and goes on the bounce to the 'keeper. Both captains share a smile
17.5
Naib to Shankar, 1 run, too straight - on middle and leg, Vijay tucks it backward of square leg
17.4
Naib to Shankar, no run, full and outside off, Vijay plays an extended forward block to mid-off
17.3
Naib to Shankar, no run, fuller than a good length and Vijay prefers to stay back, knocks it to point
17.2
Naib to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length around off, Virat Kohli plays it late and guides it behind point, for a single
17.1
Naib to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length outside off, Virat Kohli is back and across to punch to mid-off
16.6
Nabi to Shankar, no run, nice loop on the off-break and Nabi gets it to dip, Vijay plunges forward and blocks it dead
16.5
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter and fraction short, Virat Kohli stays back and punches it to long-on
16.4
Nabi to Virat Kohli, no run, flighted on a length, Virat Kohli knocks it gently in front of mid-wicket
16.3
Nabi to Virat Kohli, no run, now wrists it squarer than he would have liked and picks out mid-wicket
16.2
Nabi to Virat Kohli, no run, uses the depth of the crease and works it towards mid-wicket, where Shahidi denies the single
16.1
Nabi to Shankar, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Vijay strides forward and drives it neatly to long-on
15.6
Naib to Shankar, 1 run, short of length around off, Vijay jumps to ride the bounce and fends it with soft hands into the leg-side
15.6
Naib to Shankar, wide, another leg-cutter and Naib gets the radar wrong, way outside off and Vijay lets it go
15.5
Naib to Virat Kohli, 1 run, slower delivery - leg-cutter and Virat Kohli spotted it early, patted it wide of point and set off, good response from Vijay
15.4
Naib to Shankar, 1 run, nice positive stride forward to meet the good length delivery and he places it square on the off-side
15.3
Naib to Shankar, no run, back of a length outside off, Vijay watches it closely and decides against playing it
15.2
Naib to Shankar, no run, short of length outside off, Vijay shuffles across and drops it to the right of Naib
15.1
Naib to Virat Kohli, 1 run, a venomless short delivery and Virat Kohli has ample time to pull it away to long leg
14.6
Nabi to Shankar, no run, once more a giant stride forward to counter the spin, the ball gets stuck between bat and pad
14.5
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, picks the flighted delivery from outside off and wrists it past a diving mid-wicket fielder
14.4
Nabi to Shankar, 1 run, tossed up around off, Vijay moves forward and drives it down the ground, single to long-on
14.3
Nabi to Shankar, no run, tossed up outside off, Vijay strides forward and angles it to backward point
14.2
Nabi to Kl Rahul, out Caught by Hazratullah Zazai!! Poor, very poor from Kl Rahul. Nabi and Afghanistan will take that. Flighted and it was on the fuller length, Kl Rahul could have easily knocked it along the ground, but instead he goes for the fancy reverse sweep and the ball hits the higher portion of the bat and balloons to short third man, where Zazai makes it look difficult. Kl Rahul had got a hang of the surface and was set, India needed him to bat long and deep. That middle order will be tested now wkt (2-64) min (56m). Kl Rahul c Hazratullah Zazai b Nabi 30(53) [4s-2]
14.1
Nabi to Kl Rahul, no run, again Nabi is not bringing the batsman forward, Kl Rahul stays back and punches to cover
13.6
Naib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Kl Rahul steers it away to third man
13.5
Naib to Virat Kohli, 1 run, Afghanistan have been a bit untidy today in the field. Virat Kohli rides the bounce on the short of length delivery and taps it towards point, where Najibullah allows it to escape past him
13.4
Naib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, takes a step or two out to make his own pace and punches it on the up to sweeper cover
13.3
Naib to Kl Rahul, no run, good length ball outside off, Kl Rahul looks to push on the rise but the ball does not arrive, it hits the inner half and rolls to the right of Naib
13.2
Naib to Kl Rahul, no run, short of length closer to off, Kl Rahul hops a bit and drops it into the off-side
13.1
Naib to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, dug in short and Naib's military medium is not troubling Kl Rahul, he rocks back and pulls it along the ground to deep backward square, Nabi does well to get there in time and save two
12.6
Nabi to Virat Kohli, no run, bit more air given but the length is short, Virat Kohli camps back and punches towards cover, where Shenwari dives to his left and makes the stop
12.6
Nabi to Virat Kohli, wide, darted down leg, way down and Virat Kohli is happy to collect a wide
12.5
Nabi to Kl Rahul, 1 run, drifts away from a length, Kl Rahul waits for it and eases it to sweeper cover
12.4
Nabi to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flighted outside off, Virat Kohli has a good stride forward and works it with soft hands in front of square on the leg-side, he wanted two but wasn't going to risk it seeing Rashid swoop in
12.3
Nabi to Virat Kohli, no run, tosses it up and gets it to drift away, Virat Kohli covers the line and push-drives it to cover
12.2
Nabi to Kl Rahul, 1 run, attacks the stumps with a quicker delivery, Kl Rahul goes back and across to knock it to long-on
12.1
Nabi to Kl Rahul, no run, starts with a flatter trajectory, Kl Rahul punches it back to Nabi
11.6
Naib to Virat Kohli, no run, width outside off, Virat Kohli stands tall and punches it straight to cover. He's timing 'em well
11.5
Naib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length around off, Kl Rahul opens the bat face and guides it to third man
11.4
Naib to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short of length close to off, Virat Kohli rides the bounce and steers it to third man
11.4
Naib to Virat Kohli, wide, bouncer which is too high for Virat Kohli, he just stands his ground and allows it to sail over, wide called for height
11.3
Naib to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, fraction short in length and Virat Kohli goes hard on the punch, mistimes it to sweeper cover and the throw is not the best to the 'keeper, there is no one to back up and the pair steal a second comfortably
11.2
Naib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length around off, Kl Rahul stays back and tucks it through the vacant mid-wicket pocket
11.1
Naib to Kl Rahul, no run, on a length and nibbling away outside off, Kl Rahul lifts his bat and lets it go
10.6
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, FOUR, poor delivery to end the over. The attempted wrong 'un ends up as a low full toss down leg, Virat Kohli didn't have to do anything, just put ball to ball and he collected a boundary to fine leg
10.5
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, carrom ball and Kl Rahul opens the bat face late to ease it past the cover fielder
10.4
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, 1 run, quicker and sliding on, Virat Kohli hangs back and knocks it wristily to long-on
10.3
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, drifts in with the arm and Kl Rahul closes the bat face, nudges it to square leg
10.2
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter and outside off, Virat Kohli stands tall and punches it square on the off-side, for a single
10.1
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, no run, flighted around off-stump, Virat Kohli presses forward and eases it with an open bat face to point
9.6
Naib to Kl Rahul, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Kl Rahul gets behind it and tucks it staright to square leg
9.5
Naib to Kl Rahul, no run, on a fuller length and lots of room, Kl Rahul went after it but it seamed away off the deck and that movement defeated Kl Rahul. It went past his outside edge and into the gloves of Ikram Ali Khil
9.4
Naib to Kl Rahul, no run, good-looking straight drive but Naib gets down and stops it from going further
9.3
Naib to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a length and targeting the stumps, Virat Kohli clips it wide of mid-wicket
9.2
Naib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, on a length and wide of off, Kl Rahul steers it to third man
9.1
Naib to Virat Kohli, 3 runs, gee! He looks in serious touch today. It was full and there was width, Virat Kohli plunges forward and flays into the drive. The cover fielder managed to get a finger to it and because of that it failed to reach the fence. Virat will have to be content with three
8.6
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, 1 run, Virat Kohli's foot movement has been lot more positive than Kl Rahul and Rohit Sharma. He rocked back swiftly on this delivery and pulled it, finds the fielder at deep square leg
8.5
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Kl Rahul goes back and nudges it to the on-side
8.4
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, blocked it to the off-side off the back foot
8.3
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, tentative push from Kl Rahul, it moved away from him and clipped the outside half of the bat. It ended up at backward point
8.2
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, much fuller and on the stumps, Kl Rahul stays put and defends it back
8.1
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, on the stumps and Kl Rahul blocked it back
7.6
Aftab Alam to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, short of length delivery on the face, Virat Kohli gets in line and pulls it wide to deep square leg, where a fumble from Nabi allows the duo to go back for a brace
7.5
Aftab Alam to Virat Kohli, FOUR, class! Pure class! He looks in his elements today. It was on a good length and there was just a hint of width, Aftab Alam didn't do much wrong. But even slight amount of room was good enough for Virat Kohli. He gets in line and punched it wide of backward point for a boundary
7.4
Aftab Alam to Virat Kohli, FOUR, no, no, no. You cannot bowl on Virat Kohli's pads. You just cannot! He will flick you even in his deep sleep but this time he was wide awake. Gets in a fabulous position and clipped it wide of fine leg for a boundary
7.3
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, 1 run, on a back of a length and around off, Kl Rahul shuffles to the off-side, gets inside the line of the ball and nudges it to the on-side
7.2
Aftab Alam to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Virat Kohli inside halves it to the on-side
7.1
Aftab Alam to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, no arrogance involved on that shot, it was just a push and it was timed so well that it almost went for a boundary. Was on the stumps and Virat Kohli tucked it wide of mid-wicket for a brace
6.6
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, Mujeeb saw Kl Rahul advancing and he threw it wider, smart bowling. Kl Rahul had to reach for it which he managed to do and pushed at it to the mid-off fielder
6.5
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, this one was much fuller, it was taregting the stumps. Kl Rahul plunges forward and defends it back
6.4
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a back of a length and on the stumps, Virat Kohli goes back in the crease and pushes it to long-on
6.3
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, stays put in the crease and knocks it down the ground to long-on
6.2
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, this was targeting the stumps and Kl Rahul defended it back
6.1
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, inside half of the bat takes it to the on-side
5.6
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Kl Rahul clipped it wide of mid-wicket for a single
5.5
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, FOUR, edged and it went in between keeper and first slip who was very wide. It was in that corridor of uncertainty, just wide of the off-stump. Kl Rahul came forward, failed to cover the late away movement. It clipped his outside edge, evaded the two men and went for a boundary
5.4
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, this one was much straighter and it was attacking the stumps, Kl Rahul blocked it back
5.3
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, on that back of a length and wide of off, Kl Rahul pushes it straight to cover
5.2
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, FOUR, shot of the morning! On a back of a length and around off, Kl Rahul hops just a touch to get in line and punches it with a lot of class and elegance. It beats the cover fielder and races to the fence
5.1
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Kl Rahul drives it back to Aftab Alam
4.6
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, no run, flatter and wider, Virat Kohli cuts it straight to cover
4.5
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, no run, this one was wide of off and Virat Kohli steers it to point
4.4
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this one was down the leg-side and Kl Rahul tucks it to deep square leg
4.3
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, 1 run, goes on the back foot and clips it to square leg. He is away
4.2
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, out Bowled!! Oh dear! Oh dear! Well, they say cricket is a funny game and it has been proved right there. Rohit Sharma was in prime form and one would have expected him to notch up another big score but Mujeeb had other ideas. It was a carrom ball and it spun away from Rohit Sharma ever-so-slightly, who was totally outfoxed by the late spin, his foot movement was lazy and he failed to cover the spin, it beats his defence and crashes into his off-stump wkt (1-7) min (60m). Enter: Virat Kohli! Rohit Sharma b Mujeeb 1(10)
4.1
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, drives it to cover
3.6
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, pushes it back in the direction of the bowler
3.5
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller and wider, Kl Rahul saw the fuller length for the first time and he went for the drive. It nips back in just a touch and due to that Kl Rahul played it down the wrong line. He inside edged it back onto his pads and it deflected to the off-side
3.4
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, the length was same but the line was targeting the stumps, Kl Rahul uses soft hands to deal with it and defends it to the off-side
3.3
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, another delivery on that back of a length, it shaped back in a touch. Kl Rahul adjusted that well and defended it to the off-side
3.2
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, this one nipped back in from a back of a length, Kl Rahul hops a touch, gets in line and punches it to the off-side. The fielder at point dives and stops it from going further
3.1
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Kl Rahul waits for it to arrive and defends it back in a gentle fashion
2.6
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Rohit Sharma stays put in the crease and blocks it back. Tidy over from Mujeeb!
2.5
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, it was wide of off and Rohit Sharma works it to mid-wicket
2.4
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower and wider, Rohit Sharma defends it back to Mujeeb
2.3
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and wider, Rohit Sharma comes on the front foot and drives it straight to cover
2.2
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, blocks it to the off-side
2.1
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Kl Rahul gets overambitious on this delivery, he backed away and wanted to loft it over cover. It came slowly off the deck hence the timing on the shot was poor. It came off the inside half of the bat and ends up just wide of mid-wicket fielder
1.6
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this one nipped back in off the deck. Kl Rahul was not in the best of position initially but he adjusted well and tucks it wide of mid-on. He will retain the strike
1.5
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, this one was much fuller and it was targeting the stumps, Kl Rahul plants his front foot forward and pushes it to the off-side
1.4
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, decides to stay in the crease on that back of a length delivery and places the punch shot staright to cover
1.3
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, another delivery on a back of a length, Kl Rahul stands tall and punches it wide of cover. It beats the man and they will come back for a brace
1.2
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Kl Rahul hops in the crease to adjust with the line of the ball and punches it to cover. They thought of taking the single but decides against it
1.1
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, on a length and around off, Kl Rahul stays put and blocks it to the off-side
0.6
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit Sharma was looking to work it to the on-side, he was beaten by the turn there. And ends up playing down the wrong line. The outside half of the bat takes it to the off-side
0.5
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Kl Rahul takes a semi-stride forward and pushes it wide of cover. There was bit of hesitation regarding taking the single as Rohit Sharma wanted to be sure that ball clears the cover fielder. It does and they complete the single easily in the end
0.4
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, this one spun back in sharply, Rohit Sharma goes on the back foot and pushes it to the off-side. He is away too
0.3
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Rohit Sharma in his typical lazy fashion comes forward and defends it to the off-side
0.2
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this one spins back into Kl Rahul who decides to be on the back foot. He punches it down the ground for a single and gets off the mark. India are off the mark too
0.1
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, gentle delivery on off, Kl Rahul pushes it to the off-side
Commentary
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Aftab Alam,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shankar,Mohammad Shami,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
