39.6
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, no run, all the ugly shuffling across his stumps only to once again miss a lapped scoop over the keeper. Again, in the end, does it even matter? What matters is a proper 89-run pasting!
39.5
Hardik Pandya to Shadab Khan, 1 run, there's width, and that width is run away behind point
39.4
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, 1 run, more short into the body, with Imad continuing to move away and smash it downtown
39.3
Hardik Pandya to Shadab Khan, 1 run, short. And pulled away to long-on, and they aren't chancing Jadeja, surely not at this stage
39.2
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short, width outside off, carved away throug sweeper
39.1
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, no run, shuffles across in trying to scoop it over the keeper. But the ball's slow and then already outside off to cramp out the room. In the end - it doesn't even matter
38.6
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 1 run, full on middle, squeezed away to mid-off
38.6
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, no ball, 4, short again, and a very tennis forehand over the cordon, with third man really square. Also, the umpire says the front foot isn't fine, only for the replays to show the foot well and truly behind
38.5
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, no run, goes short, jumping up rather viciously over Wasim. And Ms Dhoni then almost drops the take onto the helmet behind him
38.4
Bumrah to Shadab Khan, 1 run, and more of a cross-batted slap, sweeper now
38.3
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 1 run, lines up neatly beside to loft it over extra cover
38.2
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, no run, bounce from nowhere. Was on a length, and Bumrah, like he does, gets it to spit up over the airy punch
38.1
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, FOUR, pitches it up as an overcook. Imad moves away a touch to hammer it straight down, very, very powerfully
37.6
Chahal to Shadab Khan, 2 runs, punched away down the ground, and now it's Kuldeep's turn to go sloppy and leak an extra
37.5
Chahal to Shadab Khan, 2 runs, neat chip up, getting under an already ful length to loft it over extra cover
37.4
Chahal to Shadab Khan, 2 runs, dropped. A compulsive slog, an obvious miscue and then some really sloppy stuff in the deep from Kl Rahul, who gets to the ball well, but clearly he's switched off as well. And as physics tells us, nothing sticks when switched off
37.3
Chahal to Imad Wasim, 1 run, a tad fuller for Wasim to continue hoicking, off the inside half once again into mid-wicket
37.2
Chahal to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, heaved across the line, into mid-wicket
37.1
Chahal to Imad Wasim, FOUR, another googly, only sitting up short for a full-blooded slap as Wasim rocks behind in powering it through extra cover. Chahal clearly is going through his motions, or rather is being made to
37.1
Chahal to Imad Wasim, wide, wide googly, past that tramline
36.6
Bumrah to Shadab Khan, FOUR, crunched. Bumrah loses his blockhole, dishes out that rare good length and Shadab is quickly unwinding on the back foot to drill it straight back
36.5
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 1 run, 121kph, moves away to punch this through the line, through cover
36.4
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, short, a bit of width outside off and carved uppishly over point
36.3
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, no run, 117kph, sucker slower dipping yorker on middle. Wasim clears his leg, adopts all of it and squeezes it away through square leg
36.2
Bumrah to Shadab Khan, 1 run, 136kph, again, another of Shadab' all swing and no timing. Mistimes a back of a length delivery off the inside half to long-on
36.1
Bumrah to Shadab Khan, 2 runs, 138kph, yorker on middle. Shadab stays deep in the crease, squirting it down to long-on
35.6
Chahal to Shadab Khan, 1 run, another wide-line, quite the Chahal death-bowling speciality. Shadab throws his hands out to it, with a chipped slice just over the back-tracking extra cover
35.5
Chahal to Imad Wasim, 1 run, on a knee to slog -- dragging it tamely from well outside off to long-on
35.4
Chahal to Imad Wasim, no run, wrong 'un. Wasim stays behind to cut, misreading as the ball whizzes over the bat
35.3
Chahal to Shadab Khan, 1 run, flights it on off, gripping, turning which Shadab taps at in front of cover softly
35.2
Chahal to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short googly. Slapped away with the turn through point
35.2
Chahal to Imad Wasim, wide, slider, but wastes all of it well outside off. Imad walks in his wide-claiming leave
35.1
Chahal to Shadab Khan, 1 run, loads of loop on this as Chahal tosses it up full. A one-kneed smash down to long-off
34.6
Shankar to Imad Wasim, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Imad Wasim wanted to steer it wide of backward point, ends up finding the man there
34.5
Shankar to Imad Wasim, no run, smashes it straight back to the bowler
34.4
Shankar to Imad Wasim, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Imad Wasim went after it and ends up missing it
34.3
Shankar to Shadab Khan, 1 run, gets behind it and punches it to the off-side
34.2
Shankar to Shadab Khan, no run, pushes it to cover
34.1
Shankar to Sarfaraz, out Bowled!! 7-0 is on the cards folks! The Pakistan skipper departs now and they are in serious serious trouble now. It was on a back of a length and was just wide of off, Sarfaraz moves towards the off-side and went for a heave to the on-side. It clipped the inside edge and came back to clatter the stumps. Sarfaraz turns back to see the horror sight of his bails flying wkt (6-165) min (42m). Sarfaraz b Shankar 12(30)
33.6
Bumrah to Sarfaraz, 1 run, slower one on a good length, there was a hint of width. Sarfaraz opens the face of the bat and guides it to third man
33.5
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 1 run, low full-toss on the stumps, Imad Wasim pushes it to mid-on for a single
33.4
Bumrah to Sarfaraz, leg byes, 1 run, full and angling back into Sarfaraz, Sarfaraz misses the flick. And it deflects to the on-side off the pads
33.3
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 1 run, now, a slower one. Imad Wasim delays his bat swing and nudges it to the on-side
33.2
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, FOUR, smashed! It was banged in on a back of a length, Imad Wasim stays put and flat-bats it like a tennis forehand. It absolutely rockets to the fence
33.1
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, no run, very full and wide of off, Imad Wasim presents the straight bat and drives it back to Bumrah who bends low and stops it from going further
32.6
Shankar to Imad Wasim, 1 run, charges down and pulls it to deep square leg
32.5
Shankar to Sarfaraz, 1 run, knocks it down the ground
32.4
Shankar to Sarfaraz, no run, Jadeja, you beauty! He is the best fielder in the world for a reason. Sarfaraz backs away and Shankar bowls it very full and very wide, Sarfaraz reaches and he steers it to the right of Jadeja who dives sensationally and stops it
32.4
Shankar to Sarfaraz, wide, errs in line. It was down the leg-side and umpire calls it wide
32.3
Shankar to Sarfaraz, no run, backs away a touch and connects the punch shot well but ends up hitting it straight to cover. One get the feeling that Sarfaraz is itching to go after the bowling
32.2
Shankar to Sarfaraz, no run, punches it back to the bowler
32.1
Shankar to Sarfaraz, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Sarfaraz cuts it straight to backward point. Jadeja was present there and he doesn't allow it to go any further
31.6
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, FOUR, that's a really good pull shot. Bumrah is a skiddy customer and pulling him isn't the easiest. But Imad Wasim got on top of the ball and nailed the pull shot wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
31.5
Bumrah to Sarfaraz, 1 run, hops in the crease and dabs it to third man
31.4
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 1 run, touch fuller than the good length and around off, Imad Wasim pushes it to mid-on. Hardik Pandya was overambitious there, he attempts a direct hit at the non striker's end. Missed the direct hit and it results in an extra run
31.3
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Imad Wasim steers it straight to backward point
31.2
Bumrah to Sarfaraz, 1 run, 140 kph delivery on a good length, Sarfaraz gets inside the line of the ball by shuffling towards the off-side and tucks it to the leg-side for a single
31.1
Bumrah to Imad Wasim, 1 run, on a good length and down the leg-side, Imad Wasim tucks it to deep square leg
30.6
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, 1 run, six singles in the over. He pounded this one on a short of length again. Imad Wasim pulls it to fine leg
30.5
Hardik Pandya to Sarfaraz, 1 run, on a length and around off, Sarfaraz gets behind it and punches it wide of cover for another single. Singles won't do for Pakistan, they need big hits!
30.4
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, 1 run, another short of length delivery, it was a slower one. Imad Wasim delays his bat swing and pulls it to deep square leg
30.3
Hardik Pandya to Sarfaraz, 1 run, on a short of length and aiming on the face, Sarfaraz hops a touch and pulls it to fine leg. He wasn't in control of the shot
30.2
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short and wide, it was asking to be hit. Imad Wasim threw his bat at it but failed to place the cut shot, straight to sweeper cover
30.1
Hardik Pandya to Sarfaraz, 1 run, on a short of length and around off, Sarfaraz jumps in the crease to get in line and tucks it to the leg-side
29.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, 1 run, nudges the quicker ball through mid-wicket and ends the over with a single
29.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, takes a big stride forward and defends the tossed up delivery
29.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, rocks back and knocks the floated ball back to Kuldeep
29.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short ball outside off and spins away from the left hander who punches it to sweeper cover
29.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, 1 run, dipping into the batsman this flighted ball and Sarfaraz squeezes it to long-off for a single
29.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, flighted delivery around middle and leg, Sarfaraz knocks it back to the bowler
28.6
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, FOUR, pulled away! Pandya trying to over do the short ball and he's been put away to the fence. Imad wasn't in control of the shot but he connects the shot on his swivel as the ball finds deep square leg
28.5
Hardik Pandya to Imad Wasim, no run, pitched on a full length by Hardik and it's been driven straight back to him by Imad
28.4
Hardik Pandya to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short of a length around middle and leg, Sarfaraz nudges it into the leg side
28.3
Hardik Pandya to Sarfaraz, no run, nudges the length ball to mid-wicket
28.2
Hardik Pandya to Sarfaraz, no run, sharp bouncer around off, Sarfaraz comes down the wicket and gets surprised due to the carry. Fends it away into the off side and Pandya has a cheeky smile at Pakistan's skipper
28.1
Hardik Pandya to Sarfaraz, no run, pitched up by Pandya and it's been blocked off his front foot by Sarfaraz, rock solid defence
27.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, 1 run, hacks the last ball of the over away to deep mid-wicket and retains strike with a single
27.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short ball outside off, Imad Wasim punches it through covers for a single
27.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Imad Wasim, no run, full and floated around off, Imad Wasim blocks it off his front foot
27.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, 1 run, works the short ball through square leg for a single
27.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, pushes the floated ball back to the bowler
27.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, flighted delivery around off, Sarfaraz defends it off his front foot
26.6
Hardik Pandya to Shoaib Malik, out Bowled!! Golden duck for Shoaib Malik. Hardik Pandya would be on a hat-trick in the next over as he has taken two big wickets off successive deliveries. Back of a length delivery around off and Shoaib Malik chops this one on to the stumps. Was trying to play it with soft hands and the ball deflects right on to the stumps. (India - 7 | Pakistan - 0) in World Cups on the cards! wkt (5-129) min (3m). Shoaib Malik b Hardik Pandya 0(1)
26.5
Hardik Pandya to Hafeez, out Caught by Shankar!! That's a well timed shot by Hafeez and that probably is the reason for his downfall. Times his flick to perfection and the ball flies straight to Vijay Shankar at deep square leg. Pakistan feeling the heat as they're throwing the match away into India's hands wkt (4-129) min (13m). Hafeez c Shankar b Hardik Pandya 9(7) [6s-1]
26.4
Hardik Pandya to Hafeez, no run, short of a length outside off, Hafeez scytes it to the man at point
26.4
Hardik Pandya to Hafeez, wide, attempted slower ball by Hardik but it's down the leg side, left alone by Hafeez
26.3
Hardik Pandya to Hafeez, no run, short of a length outside off, Hafeez hops and drops this in front of point, was looking to take a quick single but his partner ain't interested
26.2
Hardik Pandya to Hafeez, no run, around the off-stump line, tad fuller as Hafeez drills it straight to mid-off
26.1
Hardik Pandya to Hafeez, 2 runs, overpitched delivery outside off and it's been creamed through covers by Hafeez, two runs for the veteran
25.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, wicket-maiden for Kuldeep and he gets a round of applause from his team-mates. Tosses this one up but Sarfaraz isn't brave enough to go after it, drives it back to the bowler watchfully
25.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, back in his crease to ease the tossed up delivery back to Kuldeep
25.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, tries to play a sweep but it comes off the toe-end towards mid-wicket
25.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Sarfaraz, no run, tries to play the floated delivery into the off side but the ball spins in and catches the inside edge as it deflects on to his pads
25.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, out Caught by Chahal!! One brings two! Kuldeep has got rid of both set batsmen. Pakistan sink further as Fakhar departs after playing a valuable knock of 62. Attempts a sweep against the wrist spinner and gets a top-edge towards short fine leg. Chahal makes sure to hold on to it and there will be two new batsmen at the crease. Spinners weaving their magic for the Men in Blue wkt (3-126) min (112m). Fakhar Zaman c Chahal b Kuldeep Yadav 62(75) [4s-7 6s-1]
25.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, sharp spinning delivery around off, Fakhar Zaman pokes at it and gets beaten, could have easily nicked the outside edge
24.6
Chahal to Hafeez, SIX, that looked like a mistimed shot but it has gone all the way. Probably played with the wind, hence it cleared the deep mid-wicket fence. Hafeez attempted a slogsweep but the top-edge goes the distance
24.5
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, plays the wrong 'un with soft hands towards cover and gets a single
24.4
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, flighted ball by Chahal and it's been nudged in front of mid-wicket
24.3
Chahal to Hafeez, 1 run, reads the googly late and tucks it towards square leg for a single
24.2
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, the googly by Chahal and Fakhar Zaman pats it towards point, Hafeez sends him back on the single but a wild throw from Shankar allows the duo to cross over
24.1
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, flighted delivery around off, Fakhar Zaman drives it to cover
23.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, out Bowled!! What a massive wicket for India! Kuldeep is the man who gets the big fish. Match defining moment and the Indian fans are loving it. A tossed up delivery around off and the ball spins in sharply, Babar looks to defend but the ball clips his inside edge and takes down the stumps. India would look to take a few more wickets and put further pressure on Pakistan wkt (2-117) min (83m). Babar Azam b Kuldeep Yadav 48(57) [4s-3 6s-1]I
23.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, short in length outside off, spinning away from the batsman and Fakhar Zaman cuts it to deep point for a single
23.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, googly by Kuldeep but it's on the pads, makes it easy for the batsman to nudge it into the leg side, quick run taken by the pair
23.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, no run, closes his bat face early and clips it to mid-wicket
23.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, slow spinning delivery by Kuldeep and it's been sliced towards point by Fakhar
23.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, sweeps the flighted delivery down to fine leg for a single, does Babar Azam
22.6
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, flighted delivery around off, Fakhar Zaman plays it with soft hands into the off side, somewhat tried to chop it away but the lack of pace on the ball didn't allow the ball to travel further than the keeper
22.5
Chahal to Babar Azam, 1 run, pats the tossed up delivery in front of the man at cover-point and scampers across to the other end. The throw however comes in at the keeper's end but Fakhar is well inside the crease when Ms Dhoni takes down the stumps
22.4
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, dipping legbreak around leg and it's been swept away to deep square leg by Fakhar
22.3
Chahal to Babar Azam, 1 run, tossed up delivery by Chahal and Babar Azam drives it down to long-on, sensible batting by the youngster
22.2
Chahal to Babar Azam, SIX, one of the cleanest hits of the evening! Down on his knee as he connects the slogsweep to perfection, clears deep mid-wicket as the ball sails into the stands for half-a-dozen. Pakistan fans in the crowd find their voice as I see plenty of flags waving across the stands
22.1
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, makes room and drives the tossed up delivery to long-off, does Fakhar Zaman
21.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, walks down the wicket and skews the floated delivery past the fielder at cover, was a dive put in the fielder but it was placed well past him by Fakhar
21.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, flighted ball by Kuldeep and the batsman gently drives it back to the bowler
21.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, just listen to the sound of that shot! Zaman eyes the deep mid-wicket fence and puts the tossed up delivery away to the boundary with a cracking slogsweep. Was a boundary the moment it left his bat
21.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, loop on this dipping delivery but line is well down the leg side, Babar Azam sweeps it to fine leg and moves across to the other end
21.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 2 runs, glances the loopy delivery to fine leg and storms back for two, played that with soft hands and managed to steal a few more runs
21.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, no run, rocks back and punches the short ball to cover, straight to the man protecting that region
20.6
Chahal to Babar Azam, 1 run, after seven dots, Babar finally gets a single. Courtesy of a misfield by Kedar Jadhav at mid-wicket. He had flicked the ball with soft hands but Kedar fails to stop it, gives away a single
20.5
Chahal to Babar Azam, no run, Azam trying to cut loose but he's struggling to even rotate the strike, shimmies down the wicket and drives the floated ball back to Yuzi
20.4
Chahal to Babar Azam, no run, slightly fuller around off, Babar Azam tries to run it down to third man but the ball doesn't spin much, catches the splice and rolls back to the bowler
20.3
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, sweeps the tossed up delivery towards the on side for a single
20.2
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, chips this one towards short mid-wicket and the ball drops just short of the fielder at mid-wicket, guess it was the Indian skipper
20.1
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, SIX, first fifty for Fakhar Zaman in World Cup. Down on his knee as he slogsweeps the tossed up delivery over deep mid-wicket for half a dozen, nice way to get to the milestone for the southpaw
19.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, no run, goes back and clips it to square leg
19.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, no run, wrong 'un from Kuldeep Yadav, Babar Azam goes back and nudges it wide of the keeper
19.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, no run, blocks it back to Kuldeep Yadav
19.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, drives it to long-off for a single
19.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, this one spun away from Fakhar Zaman, he missed and Ms Dhoni took off the bails in a flash. But Fakhar Zaman was quick enough to get his foot back. Umpire went upstairs and TV replays backed Fakhar Zaman. And he survived even the lighting quick hands of MS
19.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, pushes it to cover
18.6
Chahal to Babar Azam, no run, defends it to the off-side
18.5
Chahal to Babar Azam, no run, India are thinking about going for the review. Virat Kohli was keen but Ms Dhoni advised Virat not to go for the review. And when Ms Dhoni says something, Virat listens. So, India don't take the review. It skidded sharply off the deck, Babar Azam was hurried by how quickly it came. And he failed to get his bat down in time. It might have rapped him on his pad first and if that was the case it looked out
18.4
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, fuller and wider, Fakhar Zaman comes on the front foot and drives it to long-off
18.3
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and down the leg-side, Fakhar Zaman missed the flick and it rapped him on the pads. It deflected to the on-side
18.2
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, Babar Azam was looking to advance, Chahal saw that and delivers it flat and on the stumps. Fakhar Zaman was forced to change his mind and he defends it to the off-side
18.1
Chahal to Babar Azam, 1 run, goes on the back foot and cuts it with the spin to sweeper cover
17.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, now, the wrong 'un! Babar Azam reads it off the pitch well. He goes on the back foot and tucks it to the on-side
17.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, tossed up again, Fakhar Zaman is not in a mood to go after him. He is playing it smartly, just pushes it wide of cover
17.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Babar Azam knocks it down to long-on
17.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, well tossed up and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman drives it to long-off. MS liked it from behind, he shouts 'Bahut Badhiya'( Very good)
17.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, drags his length just a touch, it was down the leg-side and Babar Azam clips it to the on-side
17.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, no run, 82 kph delivery spinning into Babar Azam, he defends it to mid-wicket
16.6
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, slower and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman nudges it to short fine
16.5
Chahal to Babar Azam, 1 run, leggie on a good length, Babar Azam goes back and punches it to sweeper cover
16.4
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, Fakhar Zaman half-pulls this one to the deep square leg
16.3
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and spinning into Fakhar Zaman, he defends it to the on-side
16.2
Chahal to Babar Azam, 1 run, cuts it to backward point where DK makes a brilliant diving save
16.1
Chahal to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, strange looking shot from Fakhar Zaman. It was down the leg-side and Fakhar Zaman was looking to paddle it fine of short fine. It came off the toe-end of the bat and ends up at square leg
15.6
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, short and on the body, Fakhar Zaman pulled it away to deep mid-wicket. 11 off this over!
15.5
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, Fakhar Zaman and Pakistan are getting a move on here. There was enough width available for Fakhar Zaman and he pounces on it. It came off the outside half of the bat and reached the third man fence in a canter
15.4
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman defends it back
15.3
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, that has been properly belted by Fakhar Zaman! This shot will bring back the memories of 2017 CT for India. It was on a length and was on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman stays put and smokes it wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
15.2
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, 1 run, Babar Azam drives it to Kuldeep Yadav at mid-on and charges for a single. Kuldeep failed to pick it up cleanly and it resluts in an easy run in the end
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, slower and down the leg-side, Fakhar Zaman tucks it to square leg
14.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 3 runs, Fakhar Zaman backs away and Kuldeep Yadav follows him. He threw his bat at it, it clipped the outside edge and went wide of short third. They will take three
14.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, brave bowling this. He knew Fakhar Zaman will go after it still he had the audacity to toss it up. It was wide of off and Fakhar Zaman was down on his knees to slog sweep, he inside edges it back ont his pads
14.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, he is mixing it up nicely. It was flatter and was on the stumps, Babar Azam defends it to the off-side
14.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, very full and wide of off, Fakhar Zaman carves it away to sweeper cover
14.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, drags his length back and it was a flatter one. Fakhar Zaman stays put and punches it back to the bowler
14.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, tossed up delivery on a fuller length, Babar Azam comes on the front foot and drives it to long-off
13.6
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and wider, Fakhar Zaman fails to reach for it and ends up missing it
13.5
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, 1 run, that's a beauty from Hardik Pandya! It was on a good length and it moved away ever-so-slightly off the deck, Babar Azam was defeated by the movement and got squared up. He managed to get some bat to it and it ended up at third man
13.4
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, fuller and wider, Fakhar Zaman reaches for it and pushes it to the off-side
13.3
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, 124 kph delivery on a short of length, Fakhar Zaman was beaten by the lack of pace on that delivery but somehow he gets some bat to it. It came off the upper half of the bat and went wide of the keeper for a boundary
13.2
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, 1 run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Babar Azam uses his wrists nicely to flick it to deep mid-wicket
13.1
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, no run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Babar Azam gets behind that delivery and defends it back
12.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Babar Azam, 1 run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Babar flicks it to fine leg
12.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, cut to sweeper cover and it's the fifty for Pakistan
12.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, nicely flighted delivery outside off stump, Fakhar looks to drive, gets a thickish edge that rolls into the off-side
12.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, oh this one hurries Fakhar on the back foot, he expected turn, but this came on with the arm and almost sneaked through, chopped onto the boot
12.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, spinning away outside off stump, Fakhar chops the cut into the off-side
12.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Fakhar Zaman, no run, toosed up and wide of off, Fakhar Zaman cuts it to backward point
11.6
Shankar to Babar Azam, FOUR, much-needed boundary for Pakistan. Babar Azam is looking good. Shankar was again guilty of providing width, Babar Azam gets on top of the ball and punches it wide of sweeper cover. It has enough legs to reach the fence
11.5
Shankar to Babar Azam, 2 runs, identifies the length early and drives it through cover. It was timed well and he will take a brace
11.4
Shankar to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, another drive from Fakhar Zaman, he finds the sweeper cover again and collects a single
11.3
Shankar to Fakhar Zaman, no run, very full and wide of off, Fakhar Zaman went after it. The timing was good but he finds the cover to perfection
11.2
Shankar to Babar Azam, 1 run, fuller and wider, Babar Azam comes on the front foot and drives it to sweeper cover
11.1
Shankar to Babar Azam, no run, very full and wide of off, Babar Azam steers it behind point. Jadeja at backward point dives to his left and stops it from going further
10.6
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman blocks it back
10.5
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, 1 run, in the air.. but safe. It was short and there was width, Babar Azam reaches for it and attempts a cut. He doesn't time it as well as he would have liked and it ended up at sweeper cover
10.4
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, no run, on a length and outside off, Babar Azam takes a decent stride forward and defends it to the off-side
10.3
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, a good bumper, it was attacking the face. Fakhar Zaman pulls it handsomely to fine leg where Kuldeep fields it and fires in the throw at the striker's end
10.2
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, no run, touch fuller of good length and targeting the stumps, Fakhar Zaman inside halves it to square leg. He is struggling to time the ball
10.1
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, not a great deal of movement. Babar Azam plunges forward and drives it to the off-side
9.6
Shankar to Babar Azam, 1 run, nice off-drive to the left of mid-off for a run
9.6
Shankar to Babar Azam, wide, tries the outswinger very straight and bowls down the leg-side
9.5
Shankar to Babar Azam, no run, oh Babar Azam is squared up, he was turning to work the ball to leg, the ball moves away this time and takes the outer half of the bat
9.4
Shankar to Babar Azam, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, comes back in, threatens to smash the pad, Babar got his bat in front though, blocked to mid-wicket
9.3
Shankar to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, Fakhar slogs and loses his balance as he tries to slog, the ball rolls to mid-on off the inside edge
9.2
Shankar to Fakhar Zaman, no run, overpitchd outside off stump, Fakhar drives it to cover
9.1
Shankar to Babar Azam, 1 run, full and swinging away outside off stump, Babar looks to drive and gets a thick edge that goes to third man
8.6
Hardik Pandya to Fakhar Zaman, no run, Fakhar Zaman throws his head back in disappointment on missing out on this whip to a leg-side freebie, the ball hits the pad, but pitched outside leg
8.5
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, 1 run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Babar punches it to mid-on
8.4
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, Babar dabs it to the keeper
8.3
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, FOUR, lovely drive! Hardik Pandya overpitches this outside off stump, Babar leans forward and crashes the drive to the left of the man at cover
8.2
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, no run, Babar wanted to cut this ball, chopped it into the off-side
8.1
Hardik Pandya to Babar Azam, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Babar Azam defends off the back foot
7.6
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, this time succeeds in helping the ball away fine to fine leg as Bumrah bowls down the leg-side
7.5
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, tries to pull, mistimes it to square leg
7.4
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short and rising, Fakhar pulls out of the pull shot at the last moment
7.3
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, defended this time
7.2
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, how many times has he gone past the bat? Lost count. The away-moving ball from Bumrah, Fakhar looks to defend, comes nowhere close to the bat
7.1
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, stands tall and defends this short of length delivery
6.6
Shankar to Babar Azam, no run, full delivery outside off stump, Babar drives to mid-off
6.5
Shankar to Babar Azam, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Babar looks to drive, gets a thickish inside edge that rolls to mid-on
6.4
Shankar to Babar Azam, no run, Virat Kohli dives full length to his left and saves a certain boundary, Babar played a lovely cover-drive to this outswinger, was denied runs
6.3
Shankar to Babar Azam, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Babar punches it into the off-side
6.2
Shankar to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, shortish and outside off stump, Fakhar cuts hard to cover, fumble by Kl Rahul gives a run
6.1
Shankar to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, friendly ball down the leg-side, in fact a poor ball, swung further too, Fakhar helps it away to fine leg, the fielder in the deep is very square
5.6
Bumrah to Babar Azam, FOUR, big real estate on offer outside off stump with four men behind for the edge, so Babar rises tall to cut this short ball away past cover-point
5.5
Bumrah to Babar Azam, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Babar Azam defends off the back foot
5.4
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, short of length delivery, Fakhar gets an inside edge onto pad and it rolls to short cover
5.3
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, chopped to point
5.2
Bumrah to Babar Azam, 1 run, dabbed to third man
5.1
Bumrah to Babar Azam, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Babar Azam defends
4.6
Shankar to Babar Azam, 1 run, and he almost has Babar Azam chopped on first ball. Short of a length delivery, nips back in, Babar Azam looks to defend, the ball rolls to backward square leg off the edge, onto pad and into the leg-side
4.5
Shankar to Imam, out Lbw!! What a man, Vijay Shankar! Didn't have a great time with the bat. He comes on to complete the over and gets a wicket first ball. Virat Kohli said this bloke gives him a few overs. He has given him a big wicket now. This was a good length delivery that nicely nipped back into the left-hander, Imam fell over trying to flick and was struck plumb in front of leg stump. Imam had a long chat with Fakhar for the review and walked off. Would have been a waste of a review wkt (1-13) min (23m). Imam lbw b Shankar 7(18) [4s-1]
4.4
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, and again! Another one threatens the edge. Good length delivery just outside off stump, Imam plays inside the line and gets beaten. Oh what happened there? Bhuvi is stretching his hammie. Ms Dhoni and a few others talk to him. Meanwhile umpire Bruce Oxenford calls for the hammer to repair the landing area. Looks like Bhuvi slipped while delivering the ball in those footholes. Bhuvi is going off. Vijay Shankar to complete the over
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, this time he manages to defend
4.2
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, brilliant bowling. Pitches within the stumps and jumps off the seam probably, Imam jumps to defend, can't get bat on ball
4.1
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, play and a miss, Bhuvneshwar gets him to play off the back foot when he should have been forward, pushed anad missed
3.6
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, this time Fakhar Zaman lifts his bat high and lets it pass to Ms Dhoni
3.5
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, gee! You can't play at those! Pitched around the good length zone outside leg stump line and then nips away sharply to beat Fakhar Zaman all ends up. He was looking to flick and was nowhere close to the ball. Smiles at the bowler. Virat Kohli sports a big smile too from the cordon
3.4
Bumrah to Imam, 1 run, tap-and-run single, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Imam taps it to cover and sets off
3.3
Bumrah to Imam, no run, a firm off-drive, but Imam finds Jadeja - the sub - at mid-off
3.2
Bumrah to Imam, no run, solidly defended back to the bowler
3.1
Bumrah to Imam, no run, oh inside edge onto pad as Imam hops to defend this good length delivery
2.6
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, 1 run, poor leg-side delivery, lucky that Imam only pulled it straight to fine leg
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, FOUR, again attempts the inswinger and bowls a straight ball, Imam waits for the ball to come and flicks nicely along the ground to deep mid-wicket
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, oh he is hitting the bat hard, 139kph on this full delivery, Imam pushes it to mid-off
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, hit on the pad, but pitched outside leg and also bounced a bit to hit Imam high on the pad
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, 144kph on this good length delivery, the angle across and the movement was so good that Virat Kohli was almost begging for the edge as the ball crossed the bat
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, wide, looking for the inswinger, Bhuvneshwar bowls down the leg-side
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Imam defends off the back foot
1.6
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on the leg stump, Fakhar knocks it towards square leg
1.5
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, nice leave, Fakhar wasn't covering the off stump, but he did well to judge the line and let this go because it wasn't very close to threaten the sticks
1.4
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, past the bat. Back of a length delivery angling across, Fakhar wanted to cut, the angle and the extra bounce did him in
1.3
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, full toss and Fakhar doesn't miss out, records the first boundary for Pakistan. Probably Bumrah was looking for the yorker, missed it comfortably and Fakhar drove that along the ground to deep cover
1.2
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, Bumrah's run-up is already short, he hardly took any steps to deliver this full delivery, Fakhar missed the flick and wore it on the pad, pitched outside leg though
1.1
Bumrah to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Fakhar defends off the back foot
0.6
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, oh beaten! It's tough to play the away moving ball if you are jumping to defend, Imam tried to cover movement by moving across, but this cut across him and threatened to take the edge. Good first over from Bhuvi
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, no run, goes back in the crease and defends this good length delivery towards cover-point
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, leg-side delivery, so Fakhar is easily able to tuck it away to fine leg for a run
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to Fakhar Zaman, no run, well bowled, starts the outswinger from within the stumps line and gets it to finish on off stump, Fakhar watchfully defends
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to Fakhar Zaman, no run, away-going delivery from Bhuvneshwar first up to Fakhar Zaman, ignored
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to Imam, 1 run, gentle good length delivery on the leg stump, Imam glances it to fine leg
Commentary
Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz, Wahab Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Bhuvneshwar Kumar ,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
