38.2
Pat Cummins to Mujeeb, out Bowled!! All over. Mujeeb got a taste of Cummins' pace and he decided to leave his stumps exposed in a bid to clear the off-side ring. No dice. Can't get behind Cummins' fierce pace and the full ball unearths the leg stump in a jiffy wkt (10-207) min (18m). Mujeeb b Pat Cummins 13(9) [4s-1 6s-1]
38.1
Pat Cummins to Mujeeb, no run, walks a long way across and looks to lap Pat Cummins over fine leg, in the end he was rushed for pace and manages to get some splice on the poke
37.6
Zampa to Hamid, no run, legbreak around off-stump, Hamid stays back and blocks solidly
37.5
Zampa to Mujeeb, 1 run, googly on the stumps, Mujeeb biffs it wide of long-on
37.4
Zampa to Hamid, 1 run, full legbreak outside off, Hassan drills it wide of long-off
37.3
Zampa to Rashid Khan, out Lbw!! A straightforward decision for umpire Aleem Dar. On seeing Zampa pitch it slightly short, Rashid looked to go for the sweep and missed the line completely, the ball grips slightly and arrives much quicker onto Rashid who was late on the shot. Hits him adjacent to middle and the review proved to be more out of desperation than anything wkt (9-205) min (23m). Rashid Khan lbw b Zampa 27(11) [4s-2 6s-3]
37.2
Zampa to Rashid Khan, SIX, Rashid is not holding back. Saunters down the track, wasn't close to the pitch of the ball but he goes through with the loft and connects sweetly off the middle. Ten rows back over long-off
37.1
Zampa to Mujeeb, 1 run, low full toss on the stumps, Mujeeb drives it past the diving fielder at wide mid-on
36.6
Pat Cummins to Rashid Khan, no run, bumper on the stumps, Rashid looks to play a ramp but extra bounce defeats him
36.5
Pat Cummins to Mujeeb, 1 run, ups his pace and angles this into the body, Mujeeb gets smacked on the glove trying to pull and it rolls along the turf through mid-wicket
36.4
Pat Cummins to Mujeeb, SIX, expects a short ball from Pat Cummins, clears his front leg and swings his bat at full pace, the top-edge flies......and lands well over the fielder at fine leg
36.3
Pat Cummins to Mujeeb, no run, typical fast bowler's response, a bouncer at the body, Mujeeb gets into a bit of tangle trying to pull and was done for pace
36.2
Pat Cummins to Mujeeb, FOUR, length delivery in the slot for Mujeeb, he uses his bottom hand power and thrashes it through mid-wicket with great intent. All the way...
36.1
Pat Cummins to Mujeeb, no run, looks to heave a length delivery outside off and misses by some distance
35.6
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, SIX, make that 21 off the over! Stoinis doesn't have the pace to trouble Rashid with short balls, just stands tall and clobbers this many-a-mile over mid-wicket
35.5
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, FOUR, clears his front leg yet again, gets plenty of width outside off and he dismisses it out of his presence with a cracking thump over extra cover
35.4
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, FOUR, full and sliding into the pads, Rashid gets across and smashes the flick past the diving right hand of mid-wicket
35.3
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, no run, full on off-stump, Rashid opens the bat face and blocks to cover
35.2
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, SIX, ambles down the pitch, takes on the length ball and hammers it straight down the ground for a 76-metre six over long-on
35.1
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, no run, full on the stumps
35.1
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, wide, bumper on the stumps, too high reckons the umpire
34.6
Pat Cummins to Dawlat Zadran, out Caught by Carey!! Too good for Dawlat Zadran. Pacy boucer and Dawlat's shuffle dance ends up nowhere as his stationed feet pull shot manages a fine tickle en route to the keeper wkt (8-166) min (5m). Dawlat Zadran c Carey b Pat Cummins 4(6) [4s-1]
34.5
Pat Cummins to Dawlat Zadran, FOUR, Dawlat Zadran has pulled this off his pace. This bumper was bowled with some ferocious intent and Dawlat had very little time to adjust for the pace, just swats and manages to send it away off the splice towards the square leg fence
34.4
Pat Cummins to Dawlat Zadran, no run, perfect Test match channels, there and thereabouts of fifth stump, Dawlat Zadran lifts his bat and lets it go
34.3
Pat Cummins to Dawlat Zadran, no run, looks to flirt at a 143ks away swinger outside off and is lucky not to have gotten an edge on that
34.2
Pat Cummins to Dawlat Zadran, no run, walks across and bunts a 140ks good length delivery into the off-side
34.1
Pat Cummins to Dawlat Zadran, no run, digs it short on the stumps, Zadran looks to pull but gets beaten for pace
33.6
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, no run, bumper outside off, Rashid doesn't bother with it
33.5
Stoinis to Najibullah, out Caught by Carey!! Another short ball and another wicket. Najibullah doesn't watch the ball on this occasion and rushes through his pull shot sans any conviction, the top-edge flies straight up and Carey barely had to move from his default position wkt (7-162) min (66m). Najibullah c Carey b Stoinis 51(49) [4s-7 6s-2]
33.4
Stoinis to Rashid Khan, 1 run, pitched up outside off, Rashid Khan goes hard on the drive and slices the outside edge square of third man
33.3
Stoinis to Najibullah, 1 run, chance and it falls between two fielders in the deep. Short ball at the body and Najibullah swivels to pull, gets hurried by the pace and the top-edge drops short of the diving fielder at deep backward square, Khawaja too was running in from third man but he had no chance
33.2
Stoinis to Najibullah, no run, full ball outside off, Najibullah's drive has been intercepted at mid-off
33.1
Stoinis to Gulbadin Naib, out Caught by Carey!! Gulbadin Naib gets greedy and goes for a premeditated pull, Stoinis cleverly bowled a slower ball and that meant Gulbadin Naib's ill-timed pull stayed inside the circle. Carey calls for it and sprints briskly towards the square leg area to pouch the top-edge wkt (6-160) min (67m). Gulbadin Naib c Carey b Stoinis 31(33) [4s-4 6s-1]
32.6
Starc to Najibullah, FOUR, fifty for Najibullah Zadran! Gets there in streaky fashion but Afghanistan won't mind. Was a throat-seeker from Starc, bowled at full-throttle and Najibullah had nowhere to hide, looks to fend awkwardly and the edge flies over the keeper in a jiffy
32.5
Starc to Najibullah, no run, 145ks good length delivery outside off, Najibullah opens the bat face and taps to backward point
32.4
Starc to Gulbadin Naib, leg byes, 1 run, yet again targets the pads with a pacy nip-backer, Gulbadin Naib clears his front leg and misses the slog, Hits the thigh pad and rolls square on the off-side
32.3
Starc to Najibullah, 1 run, 144ks short of length around the hip, Najibullah hops inside the crease and works it away backwards of square for a single
32.3
Starc to Najibullah, wide, asd48ks hits the middle of the pitch but the angle takes it down leg, well wide of Najibullah's reach
32.2
Starc to Najibullah, no run, 142ks full around off, Najibullah plays with soft hands and looks to pinch a quick single on the off-side, no dice
32.1
Starc to Najibullah, no run, full and zoning in on off-stump, Najibullah squeezes it back to the bowler
31.6
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, SIX, slower length ball outside off, Gulbadin Naib has picked all of it and uses his long levers to muscle a maximum over wide long-on. 150 up for Afghanistan
31.5
CoulterNile to Najibullah, 1 run, pokes at a 135ks delivery outside off and slices it off the inside edge towards mid-wicket
31.4
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, fullish outside off, pushed into the off-side
31.3
CoulterNile to Najibullah, 1 run, tucked away off the pads and in a rush to pinch two Najibullah fails to pin his bat inside the crease at the bowling end and that means the duo only get one
31.2
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, pounds it short outside off, Gulbadin Naib fetches the pull from there and splices it wide of the man at mid-on
31.1
CoulterNile to Najibullah, 1 run, 134ks full and enticing the drive outside off, Najibullah obliges and sends a thick edge square of third man
30.6
Starc to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, rolls his fingers over this one and still manages to touch 141ks does Mitchell Starc, the only problem? Line. On the pads and sits up perfecly for the Afghanistan skipper to swat it away wide of long-on
30.5
Starc to Najibullah, 1 run, too straight again and Najibullah slogs it through square leg for a single
30.4
Starc to Najibullah, FOUR, help-me delivery from Starc, offers pace and sprays it well down the leg-side, Najibullah manages to get a fine tickle and off she goes
30.3
Starc to Najibullah, no run, opens the bat face and blocks the good length delivery into the covers
30.2
Starc to Najibullah, no run, 141ks fullish outside off, Najibullah hops and taps into the off-side
30.1
Starc to Najibullah, no run, Starc comes and Starc hurts...he had a perfect warm-up prep during the drinks break and bowls a pacy full delivery on the pads, Zadran was late in bringing his bat down and therefore, gets clonked on the side of the thigh pad. Doesn't show any emotions but Najibullah didn't like that one bit
29.6
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, no run, full outside off, sublime drive to mid-off
29.5
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, short at the body, Gulbadin Naib times the pull nicely through mid-wicket and picks up a brace
29.4
CoulterNile to Najibullah, 1 run, suddenly, things not going as per plan for the Aussies. Forced to cover and Zadran was interested in nabbing the run but Gulbadin Naib sends him back. The fielder fires it at the striker's end and concedes an overthrow
29.3
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, 138kph, shorter outside off. Dropped in front of point
29.2
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, back of a length and straightens a bit, Zadran was closing the bat face early and skews a soft leading edge to cover
29.2
CoulterNile to Najibullah, wide, CoulterNile goes for the bumper and over does it. Well over Zadran's head and called a wide
29.1
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, short around off, Gulbadin Naib drags the pull off the inner half to the left of fine leg
28.6
Zampa to Najibullah, SIX, proper pasting for Zampa. 22 off the over, gee! Amazing hitting this from Zadran. Although Zampa capped it off poorly by offering him a tasty high full toss which Zadran deposited into the orbit over cow corner
28.5
Zampa to Najibullah, SIX, this is audacious from Zadran. Not afraid to take the aerial route this time despite a fielder manning the fence at long-on. Cleared his front leg and detonated it handsomely over the ropes
28.4
Zampa to Najibullah, FOUR, Zadran looks hungry for more now. What a shot. Too short and wide from Zampa, Zadran unleashes his bottom hand power to smash it over extra cover
28.3
Zampa to Najibullah, FOUR, now the conventional style. Getting down low, taking it on the full and lapping it very fine. The fielder at long leg was very square and it'll be a boundary for Zadran
28.2
Zampa to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, flatter outside off. Gulbadin Naib judged the length and waited back to punch it past Smith, who dived to his right at extra cover but in vain. They'll jog across for a single
28.1
Zampa to Najibullah, 1 run, Zadran goes for the reverse again, rolls his wrists and directs it all along the ground to sweeper cover
27.6
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 136kph, short of length outside off. Gulbadin Naib opens his stance a touch and punches it to point
27.5
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, no run, venomous short delivery, skidding through and Gulbadin Naib tries his luck with the pull. But NCN's pace is too quick, so makes no contact
27.4
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, no run, pushed crisply, finds extra cover
27.3
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, no run, tests Gulbadin Naib with a brisk bouncer, he went for the pull but on seeing the ball rise, pulled out of the stroke at the last moment
27.2
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, no run, very full outside off, Gulbadin Naib ferociously hammers the drive back down the pitch. CoulterNile gets a hand on it and takes all the pace off it as it dribbles to mid-on
27.1
CoulterNile to Gulbadin Naib, no run, on a back of a length just outside off, Gulbadin Naib opts to wait back and blocks it back to the bowler
26.6
Zampa to Najibullah, no run, bottom-handed jab to cover and Zadran yells a loud "No"
26.5
Zampa to Najibullah, no run, sliding in with the arm, Zadran comes forward to defend and squirts it off the outer half to backward point
26.4
Zampa to Najibullah, no run, 88kph, quicker outside off. Zadran drills it hard but straight to extra cover
26.3
Zampa to Najibullah, FOUR, boundaries flowing for Afghanistan. Juicy low full toss from Zampa, Zadran tucks it in by making slight room and driving it excellently past mid-off
26.2
Zampa to Najibullah, no run, darted full, Zadran squeezes it to the left of the bowler. Zampa stretches his left hand and stops it
26.1
Zampa to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, forward press from Gulbadin Naib to the left of cover
25.6
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, more chin music for Zadran, this one was rearing up at his torso but he identifies the threat and bends his head in time
25.5
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, CoulterNile moves round the wicket and keeps it short outside off. Zadran hops back and quells it to cover
25.4
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, back of a length and nipping away outside off, Zadran fishes at it and misses
25.3
CoulterNile to Najibullah, FOUR, couple of fours and Zadran seems to have found his mojo. Rides the bounce of this short delivery, opens his bat face and spanks it in the gap at cover
25.2
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, CoulterNile bends his back and ushers in a short ball outside off. Zadran sees it off to Carey
25.1
CoulterNile to Najibullah, no run, 137kph, jagging away on a fuller length just outside off. Zadran plays his defence with soft hands but it trims the outside edge, rolling to the left of slip where the fielder dives and stops it
24.6
Zampa to Gulbadin Naib, no run, slower and on off, Gulbadin Naib lunges forward and smothers it
24.5
Zampa to Najibullah, 1 run, picked away to deep mid-wicket
24.4
Zampa to Najibullah, FOUR, Zadran goes for the reverse and it comes off for him. Went low and slapped it brilliantly over backward point
24.3
Zampa to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, drifted in with the arm, Gulbadin Naib is hurried by the pace as he manages to break free and force it through cover
24.2
Zampa to Najibullah, 1 run, forward and eases it to point
24.1
Zampa to Najibullah, no run, Zadran goes for the reverse but Zampa sends it down leg. No connection whatsoever
23.6
Pat Cummins to Gulbadin Naib, no run, shortish outside off, Gulbadin Naib has nothing to do with it
23.5
Pat Cummins to Najibullah, 1 run, fiery short ball that startles Zadran, who tries to defend but it gets big on him. Off the shoulder and bobbles away towards third man
23.4
Pat Cummins to Najibullah, no run, clear sign of nerves. Futile attempt at opening the bat face to a ball that was curling away in the channel just outside off. Inches away from kissing the outside edge
23.3
Pat Cummins to Najibullah, no run, climbing off from a length, intimidating bounce as it rose towards Zadran's chest - who wisely fends it into the off-side
23.2
Pat Cummins to Najibullah, no run, 139kph, scrambled seam back of a length delivery outside off. Zadran reaches for it and pushes it gently to point
23.1
Pat Cummins to Najibullah, no run, goodish length with a sliver amount of inward nip, Zadran manages an inside edge onto his thigh pad
22.6
Stoinis to Gulbadin Naib, no run, pacy low full toss, stabbed to the left of mid-on. Najib had left his crease in quest for a run but sent back in time by his partner. The fielder has a shy but misses the target
22.5
Stoinis to Gulbadin Naib, no run, length delivery, punched back to the bowler
22.4
Stoinis to Gulbadin Naib, no run, Stoinis whistles in a bumper, Gulbadin Naib takes evasive action by ducking under it
22.3
Stoinis to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, "Catch" was the cry from the Aussies but it was wide of Khawaja at mid-wicket. Dangerous shovel from Gulbadin Naib, picking it in front of the stumps, places it in the gap and no chance for the fielder in the deep
22.2
Stoinis to Gulbadin Naib, no run, cross-seamer, angling in. Gulbadin Naib jumps back to knock it defensively to mid-wicket
22.1
Stoinis to Gulbadin Naib, no run, fuller and outside off, Gulbadin Naib presents a neat push to mid-off
21.6
Pat Cummins to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, pitched up outside off, driven to sweeper cover
21.5
Pat Cummins to Gulbadin Naib, no run, Cummins brings this back into the right-hander, solid push down to mid-on
21.4
Pat Cummins to Gulbadin Naib, no run, shortish and nibbling away in the corridor. Loose shot from Gulbadin Naib as he goes flirting at that and gets beaten
21.3
Pat Cummins to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, beautiful response from Gulbadin Naib. Cummins had a word with him after the previous ball. And Gulbadin Naib gave it back in his own style. Rocks back against this short ball and pulls it imperiously in the gap at mid-wicket
21.2
Pat Cummins to Gulbadin Naib, no run, banged in short, the line is just outside off. So, Gulbadin Naib stays away from the line
21.1
Pat Cummins to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, whoa! That is some shot by Gulbadin Naib. Picks up a short ball and absolutely clobbers the pull firmly in front of square on the leg-side
20.6
Stoinis to Najibullah, no run, cutter just outside off, blocked softly to point
20.5
Stoinis to Najibullah, no run, defended to point
20.4
Stoinis to Najibullah, no run, full and shaping away outside off, Zadran comes forward to defend but gets beaten by the slight away-zip
20.3
Stoinis to Najibullah, no run, open-batted poke to point
20.2
Stoinis to Mohammad Nabi, out Mohammad Nabi Run Out!! Goodness gracious! What happened there? Hare-brained running has cost Afghanistan a wicket here, that too of experienced Mohammad Nabi. This means they slip further. Punched towards cover and Mohammad Nabi just kept running through for a single without realizing that Steve Smith has intercepted it by diving to his right. Both batsmen were ball-watching and Gulbadin Naib too has to take the blame as he took a couple of steps forward before backing out. End result is Mohammad Nabi was nearly three-fourth down the pitch and had no chance of returning back to his end. Credit to Carey too for rushing towards the stumps and Smith just rifled it to the keeper, who completed the formalites. Remember, Afghanistan were involved in four run-outs in the warm-up game against England. Seems like they should work on the basics of running between the wickets wkt (5-77) min (28m). Mohammad Nabi run out (Smith/Carey) 7(22)
20.1
Stoinis to Mohammad Nabi, no run, full outside off, a toe-ended push back to the bowler
19.6
Zampa to Gulbadin Naib, no run, a cheeky steer from Gulbadin Naib, fails to beat short third
19.5
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, just taps it towards point
19.4
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi works it to square leg
19.3
Zampa to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, pushes it to sweeper cover for a single
19.2
Zampa to Rahmat, out Caught by Smith!! Second wicket for Zampa, he is proving to be handful. Zampa gave this one lot of air, it turned after pitching, Rahmat went after it. He wanted to drive it uppishly through the off-side, spin defeats him and he ends up giving a catch to Smith at cover who makes no mistake. Rahmat would be kicking himself, he did all the hard work and was looking really good but in the end threw his wicket wkt (4-75) min (86m). Rahmat c Smith b Zampa 43(60) [4s-6]
19.1
Zampa to Rahmat, no run, 90 kph delivery on the stumps, Rahmat comes down the track and defends it to the on-side
18.6
Stoinis to Mohammad Nabi, no run, Mohammad Nabi jumps in the crease, gets behind the line of the ball and taps it to off-side
18.5
Stoinis to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Mohammad Nabi stays put in the crease and nudges it to square leg
18.4
Stoinis to Mohammad Nabi, no run, slower and on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi moves to the off-side to work it to the leg-side, ends up blocking it back
18.3
Stoinis to Rahmat, 1 run, gets his line wrong this time, it was down the leg-side and Rahmat clips it to fine leg
18.2
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, rare loose shot from Rahmat. Stoinis pitches it just outside off and gets it to curve away, Rahmat pokes at it away from the body. It defeats his outside edge and goes into the gloves of Carey
18.1
Stoinis to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short of length delivery on the body, Mohammad Nabi tucks it to fine leg
17.6
Zampa to Rahmat, no run, comes down the track, gets too close to it and ends up driving it back into Zampa's hands. He collects it and hurls the throw back to the keeper. Rahmat gets back swiftly!
17.5
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi punches it down the ground for a single
17.4
Zampa to Rahmat, 1 run, runs down to reach the pitch and works it to deep mid-wicket
17.3
Zampa to Rahmat, no run, pushes it to short cover
17.2
Zampa to Rahmat, no run, fuller and around off, Rahmat plunges forward and pushes it to the off-side
17.1
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, Zampa tosses it up and Mohammad Nabi went after it, he mistimes it and it ends up at deep backward square leg
16.6
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, very full and wide of off, Mohammad Nabi steers it to third man
16.5
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, no run, on a good length and wide of off, left alone. He changed the angle on this delivery and came round the wicket
16.4
Starc to Rahmat, 1 run, just a gentle push to mid-off and they will take a single
16.3
Starc to Rahmat, FOUR, delightful shot! Starc was pushing him back and he bowls a pitched-up delivery, Rahmat showed great footwork to come forward in a flash and he flays into the drive, hits it wide of cover and it runs to the fence
16.2
Starc to Rahmat, no run, another delivery that came back in off the deck, Rahmat played it down the wrong line again and it hits him around the tummy area
16.1
Starc to Rahmat, no run, on a good length and curving back into Rahmat, he wanted to tuck, misses it
15.6
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi drives it back to the bowler
15.5
Zampa to Rahmat, 1 run, takes a good stride forward and drives it to sweeper cover for a single
15.4
Zampa to Rahmat, no run, much better from Zampa, bowling it full and forcing the batsman to come forward. Rahmat pushes it to cover
15.3
Zampa to Rahmat, FOUR, too short from Zampa, Rahmat had all the time to rock back, get in a good position and power the pull shot wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
15.2
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, knocks it down the ground to long-off for a single
15.1
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, no run, blocks it back to the bowler
14.6
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, leg byes, 1 run, direct hit and Rahmat would have united with his mates in the dressing room. It was angling down the leg-side and Mohammad Nabi nudges it to square leg, Rahmat saw an opportunity to run but CoulterNile was onto the ball in a flash, he attempts a direct-hit at the striker's end but misses it
14.5
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, no run, on a length and targeting the stumps, Mohammad Nabi pushes it to cover
14.4
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short and wide of off, Mohammad Nabi sways away from the line and leaves it alone
14.3
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, no run, yorker length delivery on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi gets his willow down in time and defends it to the off-side
14.2
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Mohammad Nabi lifts his bat and lets it go
14.1
Starc to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi blocks it back
13.6
Zampa to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, drives it to sweeper cover
13.5
Zampa to Shahidi, out Stumped!! Zampa gets his first World Cup wicket in his first over! It was well tossed up and was wide of off, Shahidi runs down the track to reach the pitch of it. Zampa was clever enough to drag his length and he got it to spin away just a touch, it missed the outside edge of Shahidi. Carey collects it and knocks off the bails. Shahidi failed to get his backfoot back and he will have to make a long way back into the dressing room wkt (3-56) min (56m). Shahidi st Carey b Zampa 18(34) [4s-3]
13.4
Zampa to Rahmat, 1 run, touch short and down the leg-side, Rahmat pulls it to deep square leg for a single
13.3
Zampa to Rahmat, 2 runs, fuller and wide of off, Rahmat plants his front foot forward, reaches the pitch of it and drives it wide of sweeper cover for a brace. Fifty partenrship comes up! Exactly what the doctor ordered for Afghanistan after two earlly wickets
13.2
Zampa to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Shahidi knocks it down the ground for a single
13.1
Zampa to Rahmat, 1 run, top-spinner to start his spell, Rahmat played it down the wrong line and inside half of the bat takes it to fine leg
12.6
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, fuller length and attacking the stumps, Shahidi blocks it back
12.5
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, it was down the leg-side and was on a short of length, Shahidi hops in the crease and wanted to tuck it to the fine-leg, misses it
12.4
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, beaten by the extra pace! It was on a back of a length and was around off, Shahidi was shaping upto pull but gets beaten and it thuds into the gloves of keeper
12.3
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, this time was down the leg-side, Shahidi fails to get his bat down in time and missed the clip shot. It clipped his pad and went back to the keeper
12.2
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Shahidi pushes it to mid-off
12.1
CoulterNile to Shahidi, 2 runs, another good looking cover drive by Shahidi. It won't fetch him a boundary as sweeper cover will field it. But they will take a double and that will bring up team fifty for Afghanistan. These two have done an excellent re-building job!
11.6
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, back of a length delivery around off, Rahmat gets behind it and defends it to backward point
11.6
Stoinis to Rahmat, wide, short and down the leg-side, wide called!
11.5
Stoinis to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller this time and Shahidi was quick to come forward, he creams it straight to deep cover
11.5
Stoinis to Shahidi, wide, another bouncer attempted but it ends up being too short. Shahidi was shaping up to play an upper cut over the keeper. He missed that shot and it ends up being wide
11.4
Stoinis to Rahmat, 1 run, very full and attacking the stumps, Rahmat uses his wrists to clip it wide of fine leg
11.3
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Rahmat comes on the front foot and pushes it to mid-on
11.2
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, nasty short of length delivery, it climbed onto Rahmat after hitting the deck, Rahmat pulls and misses
11.1
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, on a good length and around off, Rahmat gets behind it and blocks it back with a straight bat
10.6
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, fuller and wide of off, Shahidi mistimes the drive to backward point
10.5
CoulterNile to Shahidi, FOUR, streaky but Shahidi would take it. It was banged in short by CoulterNile, Shahidi was late on the pull shot. It clips his top-edge and sails over the head of the keeper, couple of bounces and into the fence
10.4
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Shahidi plunges forward and pushes it to mid-off
10.3
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, this comes back in off the deck, Shahidi misses the flick and it raps him on the pads. Sliding down!
10.2
CoulterNile to Shahidi, FOUR, some intent from Shahidi, he gives a charge and punches it to cover. It hit one of the practise pitches and bounces in a nasty fashion. Stoinis fails to adapt to the extra bounce, he failed to get behind that too. It evades him and runs for a boundary
10.1
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, testing Shahidi with a bumper, Shahidi did well to duck and leave it alone
9.6
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, there's the deceptive bouncer from Stoinis, he does have the ability to surprise you occasionaly and that's what happened with Shah who probably was late on the pull. Past the top-edge through to Carey
9.5
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, fuller and outside off, Shah leans into the front foot defence towards cover
9.4
Stoinis to Rahmat, FOUR, this is brilliantly hit! A drag-down from Stoinis and at his leisurely pace, it's going to be hammered. Shah shuffled across just a bit and flat-batted the pull, easily bisecting mid-on and mid-wicket
9.3
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, a hint of away movement for Stoinis but is considerably slower than the front line pacers and it's an easy leave for Shah
9.2
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, angling in on off stump this time, catches a soft leading edge as Shah tries to defend
9.1
Stoinis to Rahmat, no run, starts with a gentle fuller ball angling in on middle and leg, Shah shuffles to tap it to mid-on
8.6
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, fuller and around off stump, Shahidi moves forward and defends softly towards the cover region
8.5
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, keeps it closer to off stump, Shahidi is tight in defence as he pats this to cover
8.4
CoulterNile to Rahmat, 1 run, on a good length again around off stump, flicks off the inside half through backward square leg
8.3
CoulterNile to Rahmat, no run, three in a row now! Probably the best of the three deliveries, straighter line from a good length and bounced a bit extra. Shah got stuck in the crease and this straightened a touch to beat the edge
8.2
CoulterNile to Rahmat, no run, and again! Once again there is a bit of outward shape from a good length but Shah could have left it alone with the wider line. Instead, he tentatively poked at it, a lazy waft and is beaten on the edge
8.1
CoulterNile to Rahmat, no run, almost found the nick! A rare loose shot from Shah who has looked good otherwise till now. Short of a length on the fifth stump channel, he went chasing at it without moving his feet and nearly paid the price
7.6
Pat Cummins to Shahidi, no run, fuller this time and outside off, Shahidi is solid in defence as he picks out cover
7.5
Pat Cummins to Shahidi, no run, bouncer at 143kph! Effort ball from Cummins, cross-seamer and it takes off after pitching from around leg stump. Shahidi did well to evade it
7.4
Pat Cummins to Shahidi, no run, goes fuller this time and Shahidi jams it back at Cummins who stops it in his followthrough and has a mock throw in aggression
7.3
Pat Cummins to Shahidi, no run, fourth stump line from a good length, Shahidi gets right behind the line and defends towards backward point
7.3
Pat Cummins to Shahidi, wide, looks to dig it short but loses radar and feeds it down the leg-side
7.2
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, 1 run, fuller and angling into Shah who eases the drive to the left of mid-off
7.1
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, back of a length outside off, defended off the back foot towards cover
6.6
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, shortens the length a bit and Shahidi hangs back to defend it with soft hands
6.5
CoulterNile to Shahidi, no run, very full and angling across Shahidi outside off, jammed out to cover
6.4
CoulterNile to Rahmat, 1 run, another fumble from Maxwell at backward point, second time today and that's very rare indeed. Was a fuller delivery that Shah knocked towards backward point
6.4
CoulterNile to Rahmat, wide, extremely wayward outswinger from NCN as this is very wide outside off
6.3
CoulterNile to Rahmat, FOUR, another classy shot from Shah who is growing in confidence. CoulterNile strayed on the pads and he was on move as he flicked it sweetly. Found the gap at mid-wicket and it kept racing away
6.2
CoulterNile to Rahmat, no run, hint of outward shape from a good length but the wider line allows Shah to let it pass
6.1
CoulterNile to Shahidi, leg byes, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, Shahidi misses the flick and it deflects off the pads towards the short fine leg region
5.6
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, another bouncer, better direction on this one and Shah wisely bails out of it by swaying
5.5
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, FOUR, super shot! A stroke that shows why Shah is rated highly in Afghanistan. Was the short ball from Cummins and it was pulled away nicely through square leg. Rolled his wrists to control the stroke and middled it beautifully
5.4
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, keeps pegging away around the off stump, Shah gets behind the line and defends towards mid-off
5.3
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, dug in shorter once more, Shah shuffles a bit and tucks it softly to square leg
5.2
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, back of a length this time, Shah gets right behind the line and defends solidly
5.1
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, fuller and angling into Shah who flicks it nicely but straight to the man in front of square on the leg-side
4.6
Starc to Rahmat, 1 run, pacy and slanting across Shah who goes for the aerial square drive with no footwork at all. Gets a thick slice down to third man
4.5
Starc to Rahmat, no run, back of a length outside off, Shah sits on the back foot and defends this towards point
4.4
Starc to Rahmat, no run, appeal for a strangle down leg! Carey was excited but didn't have much support. There was a noise for sure, I reckon it was came off the hip or thigh. Replays confirm that it was off the hip, so good call not to review. Was a pacy delivery down leg as Shah tried to glance it away, no bat or glove involved
4.3
Starc to Rahmat, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Shah rides the bounce and tucks this towards square leg
4.2
Starc to Shahidi, 1 run, tries the yorker and this is leg stumpish, Shahidi glances it down to fine leg where Zampa was initially wrong-footed while trying to stop it. Does well to collect the ball cleanly
4.1
Starc to Shahidi, no run, loose from Shahidi! This was quite wide and on a good length, he could have let it go but is hurried into trying something. Attempts a flashy drive and is lucky not to nick this
3.6
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, FOUR, streaky runs! Shah was once again done for pace here as he pushed at the in-angler with no footwork. Thick inside edge that rockets past leg stump and the fine leg fielder is quite square
3.5
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, better from Shah this time as he gets right behind the line to defend towards point
3.4
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, scorcher! Sharp bumper and well-directed, leaving Shah with nowhere to go as he tried to fend this. Popped up briefly off the glove but fell down rather quickly. He's lucky that this didn't go straight up
3.3
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, on a good length once more and close to off stump, Shah hangs back and glides it towards backward point
3.2
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, short of a good length] and Shah opens the bat face slightly. Stabbed to point where Maxwell fumbles due to bad bounce
3.1
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, 2 runs, straightish in line and the inward angle makes it easy for Shah who flicks this through backward square leg. Longer part of the ground and they get a brace by the time fine leg gets to it
2.6
Starc to Shahidi, no run, attacks the off stump with an in-angler, Shahidi is tight in defence as he pats this towards point
2.5
Starc to Shahidi, no run, this is better from the left-arm pacer, gets it shortish and outside off as the ball climbs off the deck. Shahidi doesn't bother to play at it, and rightly so
2.5
Starc to Shahidi, wide, another bouncer attempt but this time, the line is quite wrong from Starc and it's well down the leg-side
2.4
Starc to Shahidi, no run, fuller this time and angling in on off stump, jammed out towards mid-on who is a few yards up.
2.3
Starc to Shahidi, no run, just short of second slip! Shahidi did get squared up a bit on this one as it straightened off the deck but he did well not to push hard at it. As a result, the nick doesn't carry to Smith who tried his best in the cordon
2.2
Starc to Shahidi, no run, the typical fast bowler's response after a drive. Starc digs this short and Shahidi quickly ducks under the bumper
2.1
Starc to Shahidi, FOUR, creamed through the covers! Starc went searching for swing and this ended up as a half volley. Shahidi did well not to overhit this and just relied on stroking it through the gap. Timed it beautifully
1.6
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, extra bounce! Shah was going forward to this one and the ball just kicked up a touch off the surface. Squared him up slightly as the ball trickled off the outside half towards point
1.5
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no run, angling in from a fuller length, Shah gets forward and defends it firmly towards short cover
1.4
Pat Cummins to Shahidi, 1 run, slanting away once more from around middle and off, Shahidi hangs back and opens the bat face late to steer this down to third man
1.3
Pat Cummins to Shahidi, no run, beats the edge! Almost another edge found as Shahidi goes fishing with no footwork, like Zazai did previous delivery. Angled across the left-hander and just whizzed past the nick
1.2
Pat Cummins to Hazratullah Zazai, out Caught by Carey!! Edged and gone! Both openers back in the hut now. Ominous signs indeed. The length wasn't there for the drive and with the away movement, Zazai was always in trouble with this loose drive away from the body. Gets a healthy nick that's pouched comfortably by Carey behind the sticks. Afghanistan desperately need their batters to weather this new ball storm wkt (2-5) min (10m). Hazratullah Zazai c Carey b Pat Cummins 0(2)
1.1
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, 1 run, doesn't get hold of the back away pull, Shah and skies it high up in the air. Taken at mid-wicket but that won't matter as it's a Free Hit. They get a single
1.1
Pat Cummins to Rahmat, no ball, starts with an overstep, Cummins. Got this shape away nicely from a good length as Shah left it alone. Free Hit for Shah
0.6
Starc to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, leg stumpish and Zazai defends it solidly off the back foot
0.5
Starc to Rahmat, 3 runs, nice shot! The inswinger attempt from Starc but the line is a touch too straight this time and Shah eases the flick through the gap at mid-wicket. Finch from mid-on gives chase and hauls it back in with a slide. Parries it to his mate who wagged along, and although the parry wasn't great, they still save a single
0.4
Starc to Rahmat, no run, shortens the length a wee bit and angles it across Shah who dabs it towards point
0.3
Starc to Mohammad Shahzad, out Bowled!! The stumps are in a mess! Nothing destructive than a pacy Starc inswinger and he gets this curve in sharply at high pace. Shahzad was stuck on the crease and tried to hoick across the line. Not the wisest option against a world class bowler and he misses it altogether. The woodwork is damaged and Australia have struck early here in Bristol wkt (1-0) min (4m). Mohammad Shahzad b Starc 0(3)
0.2
Starc to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, fuller once more, Shahzad is in two minds whether to play or leave. Ends up getting it off the bottom of the blade towards backward point
0.1
Starc to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, Shahzad gives the charge straightaway, good intent but Starc fires this very full and outside off. Pacy as well, dug out down the track
Commentary
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell, Mitchell Starc, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk)
Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Mohammad Shahzad,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
