49.6
Thomas to Shirzad, out Caught by Fabian Allen!! Oh my Fabian Allen, you genius!! What a catch!! What a freaking catch!! Had to trek with his back to the ball and it was always going away from him. Doesn't give up though and dives mid-air with a one-handed catch to boot. Almost superhuman like or superman-like. Wow! Was a miscued loft from Shirzad over extra cover and he had got plenty of height on this. Didn't seem like Allen would get to it but such is the prowess of this young turk that he does so and how. Fantastic finish to the game, even though the result was known a few overs earlier wkt (10-288) min (20m). Shirzad c Fabian Allen b Thomas 25(17) [4s-2 6s-2]
49.5
Thomas to Shirzad, SIX, kaboom! Shirzad is making a statement to the dressing room, probably telling them 'Promote me up the order folks!'. Slot ball from Thomas and Shirzad makes room to smash it down the ground over long-off
49.4
Thomas to Shirzad, no run, slower and fuller outside off, Shirzad cannot get bat on it
49.3
Thomas to Shirzad, FOUR, Shirzad continues to peel off the boundaries. Won't make a difference to the result but it's definitely refreshing to watch. Full toss and he just backs away to slice it over extra cover. Sweeper is squarer and has no chance
49.2
Thomas to Shirzad, no run, banged in short and Shirzad only has the tailender shot as the response. Back away and slog. Not the length for the shot though. Misses it
49.1
Thomas to Shirzad, no run, very full and outside off, jammed out towards backward point
48.6
Brathwaite to Mujeeb, no run, wild slog but doesn't connect! Brathwaite is on the ground in despair, probably wanted the fifer badly. Not to be though. Angled this on middle and leg, Mujeeb looked to heave it away, only to get beaten on the inside edge
48.5
Brathwaite to Shirzad, 1 run, in the air...on the bounce to long-off. Was a fuller ball and Shirzad tried to loft it down the ground. Checked his shot a bit and hence, couldn't get the desired power on it
48.4
Brathwaite to Mujeeb, 1 run, very full and angling in on middle and leg, dug out towards deep mid-wicket
48.3
Brathwaite to Shirzad, 1 run, another slower ball, Shirzad connects the heave this time but doesn't middle it properly. Well short of long-on
48.2
Brathwaite to Shirzad, no run, swing and a miss! Slower ball, takes an eternity to reach Shirzad who swung wildly at it
48.1
Brathwaite to Shirzad, no run, wide of the crease and gets the off stump yorker, jammed back towards Brathwaite
47.6
Thomas to Shirzad, 1 run, middle stump yorker, Shirzad was backing away and could only squeeze it out to mid-wicket
47.5
Thomas to Mujeeb, 1 run, fuller and straighter lines this time, Rahman makes room to heave it away to deep mid-wicket
47.4
Thomas to Mujeeb, FOUR, blasted away! Mujeeb joins in the fun now. Very full and he backs away to smear it back past the bowler. Past the diving mid-on fielder en route to the fence
47.3
Thomas to Shirzad, 1 run, uppish but well short of long-on. Fuller one and Shirzad backed away for the hoick. Doesn't carry
47.2
Thomas to Shirzad, no run, the hard length outside off, Shirzad makes room for a wild slog but misses it by miles
47.1
Thomas to Shirzad, no run, short of a length on off stump, Shirzad backs away and tries to flat-bat it but picks out mid-on
46.6
Brathwaite to Shirzad, 1 run, fuller and wider outside off, squeezed out to deep point
46.5
Brathwaite to Shirzad, SIX, Shirzad is entertaining the crowd here with some incredible hits. Seems to be surprising himself as well. Got hold of the slower one and blasted it down the ground over long-on. Seemed a bit too high initially but had the wings to fly over
46.4
Brathwaite to Mujeeb, 1 run, fuller and angled into Mujeeb who works it away to deep mid-wicket
46.3
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, out Caught by Holder!! When you're as tall as Holder, these catches look easy but tell you what, they aren't. Superb awareness near the ropes, tantalizingly close but he knew what he was doing there. Low full toss that Rashid drilled down the ground with a strong bottom hand. Have to say that he connected fairly well and if not for Holder's height, it would have sailed over the fielder in the deep. Not when Holder is there though wkt (9-260) min (27m). Rashid Khan c Holder b Brathwaite 9(16) [6s-1]
46.2
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, no run, good wide yorker, well-executed and Rashid let it go, expecting a wide but it was perfectly done by Brathwaite
46.1
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, no run, wide of the crease with the inward angle, slower ball as well and Rashid is nowhere close to connecting the wild slog
45.6
Thomas to Shirzad, FOUR, superbly struck! Really full and Shirzad got under it before unleashing the long levers. Absolutely drilled it down the ground to the long-on fence
45.5
Thomas to Rashid Khan, 1 run, dropped at extra cover! Another fine fielder making a mess of a simple chance. Pooran had two bites at this, kept juggling and it went away from him eventually. Was a full toss that Rashid bunted aerially towards the off-side and got lucky
45.4
Thomas to Rashid Khan, no run, shapes away from a good length and Rashid is beaten on the edge once more
45.3
Thomas to Rashid Khan, no run, down the pitch goes Rashid with the intent of swinging hard at it but the length is shorter and he misses
45.2
Thomas to Rashid Khan, no run, short of a length outside off, not much room and Rashid is beaten on the outside edge as he pokes at it
45.1
Thomas to Rashid Khan, no run, banged in short on middle and leg, Rashid ducks under it
44.6
Brathwaite to Dawlat Zadran, out Caught by Cottrell!! Another one bites the dust. Brathwaite has his third and it's another slower ball that's done the trick. Zadran had no option but to go hard at it, given the mounting asking rate and didn't get the desired connection on the big shot. Skewed it off the inside half and Cottrell at long-on got across to his right to take a sharp tumbling catch wkt (8-255) min (6m). Dawlat Zadran c Cottrell b Brathwaite 1(2)
44.5
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, 1 run, very full and wide, jammed out towards deep point
44.4
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, SIX, clubbed over long-off! Slower ball and Rashid reached it this time with the clean swing of the bat. Had to carve it and did so, sending it soaring over wide long-off. Comfortably over the tall frame of Holder
44.4
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, wide, angling in from outside off, Rashid has a go at it but can't reach it again
44.4
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, wide, slower and fuller this time, Rashid has a hoick at it but connects thin air
44.4
Brathwaite to Rashid Khan, wide, slower but very, very wide outside off, Rashid lets it pass
44.3
Brathwaite to Dawlat Zadran, 1 run, very full and outside off, jammed out towards sweeper cover
44.2
Brathwaite to Asghar Afghan, out Caught by Holder!! Afghan isn't convinced if the catch is clean, has a look at the umpires but eventually has to walk. Holder took a brilliant catch at long-off, brilliant because he was dangerously close to the ropes but showed tremendous awareness to stay just away from the boundary cushions. The umpires do refer it upstairs for the formality and replays confirm that the catch is clean. This might well be the game. Afghan had really reach out for this slower ball and although he still managed to pump it down the ground, he didn't quite get the desired distance on the shot. Almost did but the margins are really small wkt (7-244) min (47m). Asghar Afghan c Holder b Brathwaite 40(32) [4s-4 6s-1]
44.1
Brathwaite to Asghar Afghan, no run, very full and outside off, jammed out onto the pitch
43.6
Roach to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, fuller and wider this time, Afghan dabs it towards the point region
43.5
Roach to Rashid Khan, leg byes, 1 run, angled in from a good length, Rashid misses the flick and it goes off the pads to the off-side
43.4
Roach to Rashid Khan, no run, angled in from outside off, pushed towards cover
43.3
Roach to Rashid Khan, no run, shortish and outside off, Rashid goes for the cut but gets a bottom edge
43.2
Roach to Rashid Khan, no run, fuller and angled into the pads, risky stuff from Roach but gets away as Rashid's flick finds short fine leg
43.1
Roach to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, goes fuller and wider outside off, driven through the covers for a single
42.6
Holder to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Afghan steered off the back foot towards the gully region
42.5
Holder to Asghar Afghan, no run, fuller and Afghan has a go at it, drilled back at Holder who gets a hand on it. Technically a dropped catch but only technically
42.4
Holder to Rashid Khan, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, steered off the back foot to deep point
42.3
Holder to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, fuller and wider outside off, driven through the covers for a single
42.2
Holder to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, poor, poor bowling from Holder. Fine leg is up and he delivers a full toss down leg. Afghan merely has to get bat on this and does so with a neat leg glance that beats the fielder in the circle
42.1
Holder to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, launched over extra cover! Afghan isn't going to bow down without a fight. Sat deep and for once, Holder missed the yorker and fed a slot ball. Afghan just had to pick his spot and lofted it over the infield with aplomb. Superb placement
42.1
Holder to Asghar Afghan, wide, tries to get it wider of Afghan but in the process, spears it well beyond the tramline
41.6
Roach to Rashid Khan, no run, very full and angled into Rashid checks his drive down the track
41.6
Roach to Rashid Khan, wide, banged in short but it's quite high as Rashid ducks under it
41.5
Roach to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, slower and fuller, Afghan pushes it towards cover for a tight single
41.4
Roach to Shinwari, out Caught by Hetmyer!! Fine catch! Hetmyer is one of the better fielders in the West Indies camp, in fact one of the best and he made this look really simply. The slower short ball from Roach enforced a miscue from Shinwari as he had to drag this from outside off. Hetmyer at deep mid-wicket raced forward, judged it well and timed the dive forward with precision. West Indies continue to chip away at the wickets wkt (6-227) min (18m). Shinwari c Hetmyer b Roach 6(9)
41.3
Roach to Shinwari, no run, another play and a miss! No room to work with for Shinwari who tries to steer it down to third man but can't get bat on ball
41.2
Roach to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, muted LBW appeal but it dies down quickly. No signal from the umpire either, so there must have been some bat on this. Afghan was hurried on the in-angler and got it on the back pad in front of leg stump. Off the pads towards the off-side
41.1
Roach to Asghar Afghan, no run, angling in from a shortish length that straightens a bit, Afghan poked at it but was beaten
40.6
Holder to Shinwari, no run, another fine wide yorker, Shinwari can't do much about these. Stabs it back at Holder
40.5
Holder to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, this is good execution from Holder, continues to nail the wide yorker from round the wicket. Afghan can only jam it off the inside half past the stumps in front of Hope
40.4
Holder to Shinwari, 1 run, wider outside off and Shinwari reaches it this time with a drive to sweeper cover
40.4
Holder to Shinwari, wide, slower ball but it's well outside off and Holder will have to reload
40.3
Holder to Shinwari, 2 runs, brilliant work in the deep, tag team effort between long-off and long-on. Brathwaite at the former position got across to this with a desperate slide to parry it to his partner. Saved a couple of runs. Was struck really well by Shinwari as he pumped this drive straight back past Holder down the ground and it kept speeding to the fence before Brathwaite intervened
40.2
Holder to Shinwari, no run, slash and a miss! Shortish and angling across Shinwari who tries to power the cut but doesn't connect
40.1
Holder to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, tight single! Round the wicket from Holder and angles this very full outside off. Afghan jammed it onto the pitch and Shinwari was quick to call his partner across
39.6
Roach to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, the slower ball assortment continues, Afghan wants to cut but there's simply no pace at all. Chops it towards the gully region
39.5
Roach to Shinwari, 1 run, dug in shorter outside off, Shinwari walks across a bit
39.4
Roach to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, slower ball outside off, Afghan camps back and clips it towards the backward square leg
39.3
Roach to Shinwari, 1 run, angling in from around off stump, Shinwari wrists it away towards deep mid-wicket. Ran the first one hard but the fielder in the deep is quick
39.2
Roach to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, slower yorker, Afghan read it and nudged this towards mid-wicket
39.1
Roach to Asghar Afghan, no run, no pace on this one and hence, the width doesn't allow Afghan to cut it away. Chops a bottom edge towards Hope
38.6
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, thought about a brace again but this time, it won't happen. Afghan hung back to the slower ball and worked it towards wide long-on where the fielder is brisk to get to the ball
38.5
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, two was the call from Afghan and they get it quite easily. Worked this through mid-wicket and the placement ensured that the deep fielder had some ground to cover
38.4
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, no run, shortish cutter outside off and Afghan went hard on the cut once more, probably got a feather on it but well short of Hope
38.3
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, more runs! Afghan is certainly finding the right chords here. Gets a bit of width and there was pace on it, he just delayed the cut to bisect short third man and backward point with precision. Races away
38.2
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, SIX, mauled into the stands! Slower ball alright but Afghan probably expected it. Sat deep in the crease and delayed the slog before absolutely clouting it. Full-blooded hit over deep backward square leg
38.1
Cottrell to Shinwari, 1 run, banged in short and Shinwari pulls it away to deep backward square leg
37.6
Roach to Asghar Afghan, no run, fuller and outside off, Afghan drives it but picks out mid-off
37.5
Roach to Asghar Afghan, no run, very full and angling into Afghan who misses the flick to get pinged high on the pads
37.4
Roach to Mohammad Nabi, out Caught by Fabian Allen!! Afghanistan are imploding here. Another big blow for them as the dangerous Mohammad Nabi departs. Slower ball doing the trick for Roach as the attempted lofted drive ends up as a miscue. There have been sloppy fielding efforts and shocking catching by the West Indies but Allen at sweeper cover ensures that this chance isn't messed up. The game is slowly drifting away from Afghanistan wkt (5-201) min (11m). Mohammad Nabi c Fabian Allen b Roach 2(6)
37.3
Roach to Mohammad Nabi, no run, slower ball that makes Mohammad Nabi reach for it, pats it towards point
37.2
Roach to Mohammad Nabi, no run, just past the edge! Angled this cutter from just outside off and Mohammad Nabi went fishing with no footwork
37.1
Roach to Mohammad Nabi, no run, a near mix up but Mohammad Nabi gets back in time. Pushed this into the off-side and went searching for a single but Asghar Afghan was going nowhere
36.6
Cottrell to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, another slower ball, Cottrell is dealing with them in this over, worked away down to long-on
36.5
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, slower and quite fuller as well, Afghan delays the drill-drive and gets it straight back past the bowler. Long-on gets around to cut it off. 200 up for Afghanistan. Afghan and Mohammad Nabi have a handshake to acknowledge it but the veterans know that there is a lot more work left
36.4
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, no run, fuller and straighter in line, Afghan looks to work it away but gets an inside edge onto the pads
36.3
Cottrell to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, fullish and around off, Mohammad Nabi drives it towards mid-off and takes on the fielder successfully for the single
36.3
Cottrell to Mohammad Nabi, wide, erratic line as Cottrell strays well down the leg-side
36.2
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, a bit too straight in line this time and it's worked past square leg
36.1
Cottrell to Asghar Afghan, no run, slower cutter outside off, dabbed softly towards the off-side
35.6
Gayle to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, quicker and fuller on off stump, drilled down the ground to long-on
35.6
Gayle to Asghar Afghan, wide, spears this well down leg, Afghan tries to sweep but misses. Muted appeal from Hope but more an attempt to distract the umpire
35.5
Gayle to Asghar Afghan, out Najibullah Run Out!! 1 run completed. Disaster for Afghanistan! They've lost both set batsmen now in the same over and Najibullah is walking away furiously. Not sure if the anger is with himself or at his former captain. Was a flatter slider that was dugged out through mid-wicket and to be honest, a brace was there for the taking if they ran hard. Afghan did but Najibullah didn't quite hit his straps on the second. Hetmyer got to the ball quickly and fired in a flat throw at the bowler's end with Brathwaite backing up for it. Najibullah was well short. The game has turned on its head in no time wkt (4-194) min (42m). Najibullah run out (Hetmyer/Brathwaite) 31(38) [4s-1 6s-1]
35.4
Gayle to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, misfield at backward square leg and a boundary gifted. The fielding blunders continue. Gayle attempted a yorker here with the dart, ended up as a full toss that Afghan swept really hard but it should have been stopped
35.3
Gayle to Ikram Ali, out Lbw!! Universe Boss has broken the stand! He raises his arms in slow motion, more in self-approval than an appeal as it was that plumb. Was a very flattish delivery and Khil had gone far too across on his premeditated sweep. Missed it to be struck on the front pad and that looked stone dead even in real time. Khil opted for the review after a chat with Najibullah but his only hope was if there was some bat on it. UltraEdge proved that there wasn't and HawkEye showed Three Reds. A fantastic innings nevertheless from the 18-year-old, he's shown that he belongs to this level wkt (3-189) min (142m). Ikram Ali lbw b Gayle 86(93) [4s-8]
35.2
Gayle to Najibullah, 1 run, very full and Zadran absolutely clubs this down the ground, straight to long-off though
35.1
Gayle to Ikram Ali, 1 run, slower and fuller outside off, swept towards the square leg region
34.6
Cottrell to Najibullah, 2 runs, slower and fuller angling in on middle and leg, Zadran works this away towards wide long-on for an easy brace
34.5
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, 1 run, makes room but Cottrell follows him with a slower ball, worked through mid-wicket
34.4
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, no run, swing and a miss! Back to the slower one this time and Khil was setting himself up for the slog sweep. Doesn't make contact
34.3
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, no run, shortish and outside off, punched off the back foot towards cover
34.2
Cottrell to Najibullah, 1 run, uppish but safe! Snorter from Cottrell as he banged this short at his usual pace and surprised Zadran who was late into trying to fend at it. One hand came off the bat as well but luckily, the miscue fell in no man's land, well wide of short fine leg and down towards the deep
34.1
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, 1 run, slower one dug onto the pitch and Khil loses timing on the pull. Finds deep mid-wicket
33.6
Gayle to Ikram Ali, 1 run, slows it down this time outside off, nudged into the gap at mid-wicket for an easy single
33.5
Gayle to Najibullah, 1 run, drifting in on middle and leg, worked away off the back foot down to long-on
33.4
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, this has been a fine spell from Gayle, working up the dots from his end. This is a quickish slider once again, quite full and stabbed to extra cover
33.3
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, flattish slider, low full toss and it's bunted towards short cover
33.2
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, sliding in from a fuller length, driven back at Gayle who makes a decent stop
33.1
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, flatter and fuller outside off, dug out towards the short cover fielder
32.6
Brathwaite to Najibullah, 1 run, slower ball, keeps a fraction low and Zadran crouches a bit to work this to mid-wicket
32.5
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 1 run, fed into the pads from a fuller length, clipped away to deep mid-wicket
32.4
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, another fumble! What's going on?? Cottrell it is this time! Got across to this pull from Khil at the cow corner region, having run in from long-on but couldn't make a clean stop
32.3
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, sloppy from Roach! More fielding blips and it seems like the West Indies blokes are panicking a bit. This was a slower ball that was pulled off the back foot to deep mid-wicket. Should have been just a single but Roach fumbles on the throw and allows an easy run
32.2
Brathwaite to Najibullah, 1 run, slower ball and outside off, steered towards short third man
32.1
Brathwaite to Najibullah, SIX, rammed into the sightscreen!Slot ball from Brathwaite and Zadran doesn't need any second invitation. Holds his shape and lofts it through the line. Sensational connection and it kepy going and going and going
31.6
Gayle to Najibullah, 1 run, quicker and fuller on leg stump, Zadran digs it out down to long-on
31.5
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, reverse sweep attempt this time as Gayle doles out a full toss. Decent connection but straight to point
31.4
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, Gayle isn't allowing the batsmen to get under his deliveries. Another dart that's quite full and Zadran jams it to backward square leg
31.3
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, fires it in once more, very full as well and Zadran jams it out to short cover
31.2
Gayle to Ikram Ali, 1 run, Gayle continues to operate cleverly, sees Khil charging down and fires it at his toes. Low full toss that's bunted to deep mid-wicket
31.1
Gayle to Najibullah, 1 run, floated up outside off, driven off the front foot to sweeper cover
30.6
Brathwaite to Najibullah, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Zadran leans forward and drives it to sweeper cover
30.5
Brathwaite to Najibullah, FOUR, the fielding from West Indies hasn't been great at all. Oshane at short third man this time, puts in a desperate tumble to make the stop but it's all gone wrong as the ball sneaks past to the fence. Bonus runs these for Afghanistan. Brathwaite did well to force the edge with the slower ball as Zadran went hard at it but the nick proved fruitful for the southpaw eventually
30.4
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 1 run, down the pitch goes Khil but it's very full and it gets a thick inside edge to short fine leg
30.3
Brathwaite to Najibullah, 1 run, fractionally shorter this time and Zadran sits back to pull it hard to deep mid-wicket
30.2
Brathwaite to Najibullah, no run, short of a good length with the inward angle from around off, Zadran dabbed it to short cover and was down the track for the single. Gets back in the nick of time
30.1
Brathwaite to Najibullah, no run, misses out on the Free Hit, Zadran. Was very full and he couldn't get under it properly as he tried to lift it down the ground. Toe-ended to mid-off
30.1
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, no ball, 1 run, angling in on middle and leg, worked off the back foot to deep square leg. Hang on, seems like a no ball. Yes it is! WI don't have enough fielders in the ring and it's a no ball! Free Hit coming up
29.6
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, darted in on off stump, punched off the front foot towards cover
29.5
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, flatter and outside off, stabbed off the back foot to the off-side
29.4
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, another stumping off the gloves! This wasn't a chance though but Hope is clearly struggling behind the stumps. Zadran went for the reverse sweep, missed it and overbalanced a touch but did well to stay grounded
29.3
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, flatter and outside off, punched off the back foot towards point
29.2
Gayle to Ikram Ali, 1 run, flatter and shorter, Khil muscles the back foot pull to deep mid-wicket
29.1
Gayle to Ikram Ali, no run, is that a chance missed? Yes it is!! Hope whipped off the bails but don't think he got hold of the ball. Was a lovely flighted delivery, enticing Khil for the slog sweep but he got beaten and also got dragged out of his crease. Regulation stumping but Hope fluffed it out of excitement and replays confirme that he had indeed deflected the bails off with his gloves. Shoddy work! Remember he missed an atrocious stumping of MS Dhoni in the India game as well
28.6
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 1 run, once again the idea was for two from Khil but Hetmyer at deep mid-wicket attacks the ball quickly to prevent the second run. Was a fuller in-angler from Brathwaite that got flicked past mid-wicket
28.5
Brathwaite to Najibullah, 1 run, slower and shortish outside off, crashed off the back foot to sweeper cover
28.4
Brathwaite to Najibullah, no run, short of a length outside off, Zadran goes for the cut but ends up chopping it to point
28.3
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 1 run, walks down the track but doesn't get any pace to work with. Inside edged towards square leg and Khil wanted two from the outset. Najibullah doesn't accept the request
28.2
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, FOUR, swiped over mid-wicket! Aerial alright but he cleared the infield and the placement was well wide of the deep fielder. Probably expected the slower one, Khil, and set himself up to club this across the line
28.1
Brathwaite to Najibullah, 1 run, quick single pinched! Shortish and slanting into Zadran who pats it towards point for a tight run
27.6
Gayle to Najibullah, 3 runs, fine shot! Too full and wide, Zadran leans forward into the blistering drive past extra cover. Deep point gets across with a fine slide to save a run
27.5
Gayle to Najibullah, 2 runs, off the edge but no slip in place and it beats short third man who eventually tracks it down. Cottrell it was over there, he's been brilliant in the tournament. Was a slower spinning off break and Zadran opted for the slash-cut, only to get a thick edge
27.4
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, very full and flatter, dug out towards the short cover fielder
27.3
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, flatter and slightly shorter, punched off the back foot to short cover
27.2
Gayle to Najibullah, 2 runs, fuller once more, wider again and this time crisply driven to the right of long-off
27.1
Gayle to Najibullah, no run, slower off break, makes Zadran reach with the wider line and the result a spoony drive towards point. Doesn't carry to the fielder
26.6
Brathwaite to Najibullah, 1 run, shortish and angling into the hips, Zadran wrists it off the back foot behind square leg
26.5
Brathwaite to Najibullah, no run, fuller this time, closer to the off pole and a better forward defence this time
26.4
Brathwaite to Najibullah, no run, slanting in on off stump, Zadran hangs back and blocks it out
26.3
Brathwaite to Najibullah, no run, angled into Zadran from around off, another leading edge but this trickles to cover
26.2
Brathwaite to Rahmat, out Caught by Gayle!! The big man has taken a catch! Hilarious celebration follows as well. He is on the ground, holding the ball as if he is cuddling the ball. Brathwaite joins him on the floor and both of them start to do push ups! These West Indians I tell you!! Certainly know to entertain, don't they. Much-needed wicket by the way and it's a huge wicket as well. Rahmat has to depart. Was foxed by this slower ball from Brathwaite and ended up chipping a leading edge towards extra cover. Gayle did well to take a low tumbling catch moving forward and for him, this is as good as a full-length diving catch wkt (2-138) min (112m). Rahmat c Gayle b Brathwaite 62(78) [4s-10]
26.1
Brathwaite to Rahmat, no run, fuller and angling in from wide of the crease, Rahmat checks the drive to extra cover
25.6
Gayle to Rahmat, 1 run, down the pitch goes Rahmat and drives it past Gayle down to long-on
25.5
Gayle to Ikram Ali, 1 run, fuller and wider outside off, drilled through the covers for a single
25.4
Gayle to Rahmat, 1 run, fired into Rahmat who sits back and works it to deep mid-wicket
25.3
Gayle to Ikram Ali, 1 run, crowd catch gone down! Initial thought was that it was a chance but replays show it's a bump ball. Jammed onto the pitch and it goes over Gayle who gets a hand on it with the jump but doesn't hold on. Goes past him towards mid-on
25.2
Gayle to Rahmat, 1 run, drifting into Rahmat who works it off the back foot to deep square leg
25.1
Gayle to Ikram Ali, 1 run, darted into Khil who uses his feet and jams it out down to long-on
24.6
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 1 run, slower and fuller outside off, driven through the covers for a single
24.5
Brathwaite to Rahmat, 1 run, fuller and angling into Rahmat who drives it down the ground to long-on
24.4
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 1 run, run out chance missed! Roach at short fine leg had time to hit the bulls-eye at the striker's end but the throw isn't on target and that saves Rahmat. Was a slower ball from Brathwaite that was chopped off an under-edge by Khil. They get the single eventually, only just though
24.3
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, no run, fuller once more, angling into Khil who tucks it to short mid-wicket
24.2
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, no run, fuller and straighter lines as well, worked softly to backward square leg
24.1
Brathwaite to Rahmat, 1 run, Cottrell has dropped a catch! Would you believe it?? Of all people in this WI team, it's their best fielder who has dropped a sitter at long-on. He had ample time to get under this skier as Rahmat had miscued the slog horribly to get plenty of height on it. In the end, the chance wasn't taken
23.6
Holder to Ikram Ali, FOUR, fine leg's in the circle. And Holder's coming in from round the wicket. But gives it away with an overpitch on the pads, which is delicately flicked away past that guy
23.5
Holder to Rahmat, 1 run, angling into the fourth-stump. Neatly placed, lining up beside and working it with the slant to mid-on
23.4
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 122kph, bounces a touch extra, and the dab runs off the splice, but it once again won't beat point
23.3
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 124kph, another opened up steer attempted, and once again, it's straight to point
23.2
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 128kph, a late opened up dabbing defence, finding point
23.1
Holder to Ikram Ali, 1 run, 118kph, very much a leg-line once again. Khil whips it over square leg
22.6
Brathwaite to Ikram Ali, 1 run, charges down, cramps himself up and then somehow chips it wristily, long-on
22.5
Brathwaite to Rahmat, 1 run, too full again, driven out to long-on
22.4
Brathwaite to Rahmat, no run, full on the stumps, squeezy-push-out to mid-on
22.3
Brathwaite to Rahmat, no run, lines up beside and dabs it to point
22.2
Brathwaite to Rahmat, FOUR, pitches it right up, Shah won't say no to a half volley, hammering a perfect straight punch to smash it into long-on
22.1
Brathwaite to Rahmat, no run, 123kph, shapes in off the pitch. Shah falls over as he tries to flick, misses and gets pinned on the front leg. Was always going down leg though
21.6
Holder to Ikram Ali, no run, 124kph, neatly stabbed, but a diving point will cut it off
21.5
Holder to Ikram Ali, no run, 126kph, hops, riding it in an soft drop just next to the pitch on the off-side
21.4
Holder to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, 130kph, again, too straight and glanced behind square. Calls for the second immediately, and it's rather easy
21.3
Holder to Ikram Ali, no run, 113kph, takes pace off as he goes leg-lined. Nudged softly into square leg
21.2
Holder to Ikram Ali, FOUR, uncontrolled swing. Khil's clearly no slogger, but he's thrown the kitchen sink at this one in the hope to tonk it down the ground. But the bat face turns, it goes high up off the toe-end, but luckily, mid-on is inside the circle
21.1
Holder to Rahmat, 1 run, 129kph, back of a length around the fifth stump. Guided away to third man
20.6
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, no run, gets out his front leg well outside off and paddles it really fine
20.5
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, no run, a smaller stride, but a defence just as stern
20.4
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, no run, forward, bat-pad stuck in covering the spin as he defends
20.3
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, FOUR, another half-tracker. Khil pulls into mid-wicket, and there's no stopping this, there's no stopping him. Maiden ODI fifty, and stages are rarely set any better ..
20.2
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, no run, gets behind the line now, patting it to mid-on
20.1
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, FOUR, long hop. Khil goes forward at first, then transfers his weight backwards and slaps it away through the empty sweeper
19.6
Holder to Rahmat, no run, another blocked punch it'll be, only down the pitch
19.5
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 126kph, kicks back in off the turf, a checked knock it is, to mid-on
19.4
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 122kph, neat high elbows in punching it down the pitch
19.3
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 128kph, goes up on his toes to tap it away to cover
19.2
Holder to Ikram Ali, 1 run, 127kph, plonks forward in driving it through the line, right off the pitch of it to extra cover in the deep
19.1
Holder to Ikram Ali, no run, 129kph, short, wide. Stabs it away, finds point
18.6
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, 1 run, steps out, smashes downtown, but mid-off will dive and cut it off
18.5
Fabian Allen to Rahmat, 1 run, and he tosses it up for a change. Shah has a nice inside-out drive to long-off. Also, a neat fifty
18.4
Fabian Allen to Rahmat, FOUR, flat dart outside off. Shah stays deft, using all the pace as he hangs behind and cuts it away real late, beating backward point's dive to his left
18.3
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, 1 run, another charge down, yorking himself in the process as he squeezes it down to long-on
18.2
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, FOUR, on the dance, not really getting in the slot, but lofts it down the ground convincingly enough
18.1
Fabian Allen to Rahmat, 1 run, tickled away off the legs, round the corner
17.6
Holder to Rahmat, 1 run, 117kph, takes pace off this short free-hit. Shah isn't going after it in anger either - only flat-batting it to deep mid-wicket
17.6
Holder to Ikram Ali, no ball, 1 run, short, head-lined. Khil pulls it down to fine leg. Also, after Holder is just about to walk off, he's told he's overstepped here
17.5
Holder to Rahmat, 1 run, 118kph, cutter, dropped short again but is outside off. Shah camly stabs it through point
17.4
Holder to Rahmat, FOUR, 125kph, juicy drag down. Shah swivels around, riding it all through as he pulls it firmly behind square
17.3
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 126kph, another bounce-ride, knocking it away to mid-off
17.2
Holder to Rahmat, no run, goes up tall, punching it on the up defensively to mid-off
17.1
Holder to Rahmat, no run, length, nipping in, defended solidly under his eyes
16.6
Fabian Allen to Rahmat, 1 run, some air as it dips on off, driven through the line, all along the ground to long-off
16.5
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, 1 run, leans behind and carves it away through sweeper
16.4
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, no run, too close to be sweeping, miscuing it to short fine leg
16.3
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, too short again. Khil just doesn't have it in his hands to power this punch, but Oshane Thomas - once again - this time at mid-off just doesn't run backwards in time
16.2
Fabian Allen to Rahmat, 1 run, shorter. Shah now rocks behind and pulls it uppishly down to long-on
16.1
Fabian Allen to Ikram Ali, 1 run, short, worked away with a cross-batted hack into mid-wicket
15.6
Holder to Rahmat, FOUR, just a point-slap. Third man was meant to clean up, but it's Oshane Thomas over there, who runs to the ball alright, but just doesn't have it in him to bend down .. so he tries sticking his leg out, and all it does is provide comedy
15.5
Holder to Rahmat, no run, stays rooted in the crease, gets squared up too, but will manage a defence again
15.4
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 124kph, shuffles, covers the line in the block to mid-on
15.3
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 122kph, the cutter now as fizz extracted off the pitch. Defence it will stay
15.2
Holder to Rahmat, no run, another early closed bat face for a back-footed punch
15.1
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 131kph, back of a length cutting back in, Shah knocks it back off the inside half
14.6
Thomas to Rahmat, 1 run, neat straight push, and a single's in the bag before mid-off can clean up
14.5
Thomas to Rahmat, no run, kicks up big, taking Shah on the splice as he defends
14.4
Thomas to Ikram Ali, 1 run, tummy-lined, dabbed softly into the off-side to pinch a real quick one
14.3
Thomas to Rahmat, leg byes, 1 run, too straight. Yes, Shah plays all around and misses, but the pad-ricochet would do just as fine
14.2
Thomas to Rahmat, no run, no real feet, staying beside the line as he taps it away to cover
14.1
Thomas to Rahmat, no run, 140kph, back of a length, and defended from really close to the body
13.6
Holder to Ikram Ali, no run, 129kph, and extra bounce now. Kicks up off a length, past the poke
13.5
Holder to Ikram Ali, no run, 128kph, goes through a swivelling pull .. but the ball just doesn't get up, skidding along under
13.4
Holder to Rahmat, 1 run, 126kph, a swishy glance off a rather straight line, fine leg
13.3
Holder to Rahmat, no run, 129kph, goes backwards, up tall in bunting it out
13.2
Holder to Rahmat, no run, beaten. Draws Shah into the punch, only to straighten off the pitch, past
13.1
Holder to Ikram Ali, 1 run, 128kph, opens his bat face in front of his body, before hanging back and guiding it down to third man
12.6
Thomas to Rahmat, FOUR, 131kph, easy overcooks these. Thomas tries an overcorrection and Shah's up for it perfectly, leaning in through the line and nailing the perfect cover drive - through the covers, duh ..
12.5
Thomas to Ikram Ali, 1 run, 135kph, a big swivel to swat it away rather politely down to fine leg
12.4
Thomas to Rahmat, 1 run, 137kph, pitched up on off, creamed away through the covers
12.3
Thomas to Rahmat, FOUR, 141kph, Thomas cranks it up, but in the process drops it really short. Shah rides it, heaving uppishly and well in front of square, the empty square
12.2
Thomas to Ikram Ali, 1 run, thigh-lined, tucked away behind square
12.1
Thomas to Ikram Ali, no run, 135kph, a wristy stab using the width outside off, point
11.6
Roach to Ikram Ali, 1 run, body-line stuff, fended to square leg
11.5
Roach to Rahmat, 1 run, outside edge but no gully. Short and held its line, Shah throws his bat and edges it to third man
11.4
Roach to Ikram Ali, 1 run, jagging in the off-stump radar, Khil opens the bat face and glides it to third man
11.3
Roach to Rahmat, 1 run, too short, crisp punch to sweeper cover
11.2
Roach to Ikram Ali, 1 run, short ball lasered at the head, swivel-pull along the ground to fine leg
11.1
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, pounds it on a back of a length just outside off, Khil pushes it in front of cover
10.6
Thomas to Rahmat, no run, blockhole stuff, Shah jams it out
10.5
Thomas to Rahmat, FOUR, Shah is dealing in boundaries. Identifies a loosener, hops back and cracks it between cover and point
10.4
Thomas to Rahmat, no run, shortish outside off, bunted off the back foot
10.3
Thomas to Ikram Ali, 1 run, on the pads, whipped away to deep square leg
10.2
Thomas to Ikram Ali, no run, goes full, bit too straight and Khil has no problems clipping it to mid-on
10.1
Thomas to Ikram Ali, no run, goodish length around off, Khil takes all the heat off it by tapping it to point
9.6
Roach to Rahmat, no run, pulls his length back, keeps it outside off. Shah defends it into the off-side
9.5
Roach to Ikram Ali, 1 run, moving away outside off, Khil runs it deftly to third man
9.4
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, short of length outside off, Khil treks back and flays it to cover
9.3
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, "Noooo" yells Khil after nudging it to mid-wicket
9.2
Roach to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, meaty steer, beats point and Khil collects brace
9.1
Roach to Ikram Ali, FOUR, what an audacious shot from the youngster. Thumped disdainfully over the bowler's head and this will rile up Roach. It was in the slot just outside off and Khil goes downtown for shopping
8.6
Thomas to Rahmat, no run, swerving in, Shah tucks it in front of mid-on. Khil left his crease aiming to nab the single but is sent back in the nick of time
8.5
Thomas to Ikram Ali, 1 run, spicy short ball, kicking up at Khil's torso, who awkwardly pulls it behind square
8.4
Thomas to Ikram Ali, no run, very full just outside off, defended to the off-side
8.3
Thomas to Ikram Ali, no run, shortish outside off, Khil slashes and misses
8.2
Thomas to Ikram Ali, no run, nibbling away just outside off, eased to cover
8.1
Thomas to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, 140kph, cannons on a length outside off. Poked behind square for a brace
7.6
Roach to Rahmat, no run, fuller, accurate at the stumps. Driven back to the bowler
7.5
Roach to Rahmat, no run, corrects and targets the off-pole, stabbed to the off-side
7.4
Roach to Rahmat, FOUR, flicked past square leg. Shoots a full ball on the pads and Roach knows it's a bad line. Shah says thank you and tucks in the gift
7.3
Roach to Rahmat, no run, length, immaculate on off. Defended to point
7.2
Roach to Ikram Ali, 1 run, wobbling away just outside off, dinked to third man
7.1
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run,
7.1
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, 125kph, on a short of length outside off. Khil makes room and strokes it to point
6.6
Cottrell to Rahmat, FOUR, admirable. Very minimal effort, just gets in-line and puts his wrists into it to place it wide of mid-on
6.5
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, delivers a pitched up delivery that Shah goes hard on the defence, clumsily timing it to mid-on
6.4
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, short of length on middle, turned to mid-wicket
6.3
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, length, defended from the crease
6.3
Cottrell to Rahmat, wide, bumper barrage, too high reckons the umpire
6.2
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, fuller outside off, gentle push to mid-off
6.1
Cottrell to Rahmat, FOUR, Shah is one of the stylish players in this Afghan batting unit and shows why. Rising on the back foot, flows into a elegant punch that threads the gap at cover
6.1
Cottrell to Rahmat, wide, gun bouncer, the line is down leg and Shah looked to help it fine but can't make any connection
5.6
Roach to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, angled wide of off, Khil checks his drive airly in the gap wide of mid-off
5.5
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, takes his front foot across and dabs it with soft hands to point
5.4
Roach to Rahmat, 1 run, knocked to the left of mid-on
5.3
Roach to Rahmat, no run, sharp stop by Allen at point. Forced off the back foot to the right of the fielder, Allen pounces to his right and denies Shah some runs
5.2
Roach to Rahmat, no run, cutting back into the right-hander, Shah comes on the front foot and displays a firm push to mid-off
5.1
Roach to Rahmat, no run, 130kph, vrooming full on off. Driven tamely down the pitch
4.6
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, no run, throws it a mile outside off, asking Khil to fetch and he still goes after it only to miss it by a fair margin
4.5
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, no run, resorts to a full-fledged bouncer which Khil wanted to hook. It flies past over his head
4.4
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, FOUR, glanced past short fine leg. Khil gets a freebie from Cottrell, too straight and fine leg was inside the line. Nicely got across and helped it past the fielder in the ring
4.3
Cottrell to Rahmat, 1 run, gets onto the back foot, waits for the ball to arrive and guides it to backward point. Diving half-stop from Allen, can't stop them from stealing the single
4.2
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, punched to extra cover
4.1
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, beaten by the away-curler. In the teasing zone outside off, Shah goes after it but fails to combat the movement
3.6
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, shortish just outside off, jabbed to mid-off
3.5
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, good length, swinging in and Khil carefully blunts it
3.4
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, back of a length outside off, meek push to cover
3.3
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, dug in short, Khil trying to pull it from outside off, mistimes to square leg
3.2
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, reaching out away from his body only to pat it straight to cover
3.1
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, length delivery outside off, dead-batted into the off-side
2.6
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, 1 run, pitched up and moving away just outside off, squares up Khil and the outside edge runs away to third man
2.5
Cottrell to Rahmat, 1 run, skiddy short ball, gets big on Shah. Pulled wide of mid-on
2.4
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, back of a length just outside off, Shah softens his grip and defends it to point
2.3
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, 1 run, shorter outside off, guided to third man
2.2
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, no run, pacy, in-ducker but gets the line wrong. Khil was hoping to get a bat on the tickle but it scraps the pad before rolling to the right of Hope
2.1
Cottrell to Ikram Ali, no run, zeroing at the stumps, Khil takes his front leg out of the way and wrists it to mid-wicket
1.6
Roach to Ikram Ali, 1 run, fended to square leg
1.5
Roach to Ikram Ali, no run, nipping away across the Southpaw, Khil goes for the expansive drive and comes up with zilch
1.4
Roach to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, controlled pull behind square, Khil is away
1.3
Roach to Gulbadin Naib, out Caught by Lewis!! Rush of blood. One shot too many. Add whatever you can but no excuse for this. Irresponsbile from Gulbadin Naib and Afghanistan's skipper falls early. Fuller and shaped back in, Gulbadin Naib wanted to hoick it across the line and in a bid, skewed it to Lewis at straightish mid-wicket, who holds onto it. The bat face turned in his hands to make it look more uglier wkt (1-5) min (8m). Gulbadin Naib c Lewis b Roach 5(6) [4s-1]
1.2
Roach to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, bam! Bullied. This is how you deal a half-tracker that's begging to be hit. Weight back, gets into a superb position and clobbers it over square leg
1.1
Roach to Gulbadin Naib, no run, back of a length, climbing up uncomfortably at Gulbadin Naib, who drops it dead into the off-side
0.6
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, takes it away from the right-hander, mere push to point
0.5
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, now comes the outswinger. On a yorker length outside off, Shah's squeeze in vain. Before he could blink his eyes, it sneaks under his bat
0.4
Cottrell to Rahmat, no run, low full toss, at 131kph. Blocked to cover
0.3
Cottrell to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, not the most pleasing way to open your account but Gulbadin Naib won't mind. Three incoming balls on the trot, Gulbadin Naib with a lazy waft and inside-edges it to square leg
0.2
Cottrell to Gulbadin Naib, no run, zippy bounce catches Gulbadin Naib by surprise as he fails to counter it. Tried to flick it but ends up missing it and gets hit high on the pad
0.1
Cottrell to Gulbadin Naib, no run, inswinger on a short of length, Gulbadin Naib skips back and defends it to extra cover
Commentary
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Shinwari,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Najibullah,Rahmat,Shirzad,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
Gayle,Kemar Roach,Brathwaite,Holder,Lewis,Sheldon Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen, Shimron Hetmyer,Shai Hope, Oshane Thomas
