49.5
Shami to Mujeeb, out Bowled!! And a yorker to finish it off! Shami's hat-trick seals the deal. This has been special at the death from India. Virat Kohli saved a big chunk of his main two pacers for the finish, who have come through in style. Mujeeb has a go at this delivery but he was never going to connect. Smashes into leg stump wkt (10-213) min (2m). Mujeeb b Shami 0(1)
49.4
Shami to Aftab Alam, out Bowled!! Two in two. India's unflinching machinery to the fore. Full and straight from Shami, Alam swings and misses. The furniture is rattled wkt (9-213) min (2m). Aftab Alam b Shami 0(1)
49.3
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, out Caught by Hardik Pandya!! He's hit this hard, but only as far as Pandya at long-on. India can breathe.... Another delivery that's really well executed. It's full enough to bring about a miscue with Mohammad Nabi trying to launch. A valiant effort from Afghanistan's original superstar. But it's fallen short. Unless something crazy happens wkt (8-213) min (105m). Mohammad Nabi c Hardik Pandya b Shami 52(55) [4s-4 6s-1]
49.2
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, no run, overpitched on middle and leg, Mohammad Nabi's swipe is ferocious but he hasn't got this off the turf at all. Rolls along to deep midwicket. Mohammad Nabi declines the single. It's got to be him
49.1
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, FOUR, Shami didn't miss the yorker by much. It was a really low full toss. But with no margin for failure, Mohammad Nabi hammers it straight back down to beat long-on. It's fifty for him. But he has a bigger goal here
48.6
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, sensational over from Bumrah, finishing with another yorker at the stumps. Mohammad Nabi works it through midwicket. That's all he can do. And now he has to hunt 16 in the final over
48.5
Bumrah to Ikram Ali, 1 run, makes room and slices this yorker through point. What a masterclass he's delivering here. Has nailed all but one delivery
48.4
Bumrah to Ikram Ali, no run, misses his mark, delivers a full toss. But Ikram Ali hits it straight to midwicket. A big opportunity missed
48.3
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, this is phenomenal from Bumrah who plants another yorker right in front of middle and leg. Nerves of steel. Mohammad Nabi jams it down to long-on. Look at him jog. It's a danger sign for India that Mohammad Nabi is absolutely calm out there. That's a sign of someone who is very sure of what is to be done. India need dots to unsettle him
48.2
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, now Mohammad Nabi uses his feet in order to take it on the full. It works to a fair extent as he powers the low full toss wide of long-off, back for two
48.1
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, no run, nails the yorker outside off. Top stuff from Bumrah. Mohammad Nabi, helpless, jams it to point
47.6
Shami to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, anticipates the short ball and has enough meat on this pull shot to clear midwicket. Won't go all the way though. Chahal will track it down. And two is the best result for Afghanistan apart from a boundary
47.5
Shami to Ikram Ali, no run, another short ball and another dot. Ikram Ali has to find a way to deal with this. This time he just ducks underneath the ball
47.4
Shami to Ikram Ali, no run, short ball again, this time Ikram Ali rises with it and fends it onto the crease. Was a slower one from Shami, had more time to adjust
47.3
Shami to Ikram Ali, no run, sharp short ball which whistles past Ikram Ali's left ear. Was late to react on the pull
47.2
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, pitched right up at the stumps, whipped through to deep midwicket. Wasn't able to get underneath the length
47.1
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, no run, this could be decisive. Mohammad Nabi given out leg-before, and he's gone for the review. No bat on it. But has he got himself outside off? Oh, so much rests on this review. The crowd hold their breath waiting for ball-tracking to kick in. Here it is.. And it's outside off! Mohammad Nabi had walked across the stumps eyeing a leg-side swipe, but was planted on his front pad. Bailed out by technology
46.6
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, three in a row from Bumrah. Yorker, yorker, yorker. Although Mohammad Nabi won't be unhappy with the result either. Retains strike by squeezing it through to deep point
46.5
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, no run, another yorker. More towards the stumps. Mohammad Nabi digs it down the pitch
46.4
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, no run, Bumrah response is world class. An inch-perfect yorker outside off which beats Mohammad Nabi's attempts at squeezing it away
46.3
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, SIX, a sensational strike from Mohammad Nabi who rocks back and bludgeons a short ball over midwicket. And it's off Bumrah! The drama's alive and kicking at Southampton
46.2
Bumrah to Ikram Ali, 1 run, Pandya misses the stumps from around 15 yards! Had all three of them to aim at after he slithered in close from backward point, but doesn't find the target. Mohammad Nabi was nowhere in the picture. Back of a length on off, patted in front of Pandya who was aware to it and was standing close in for exactly this reason
46.1
Bumrah to Ikram Ali, no run, overpitched on off stump, jammed back to Bumrah. Crowd catch this. Clearly a bump ball
45.6
Chahal to Ikram Ali, 1 run, another sweep, much squarer this time, probably off the cue end. Goes through square leg for one
45.5
Chahal to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, tossed up on middle, Khil is immediately down to sweep. Helps this past short fine leg
45.4
Chahal to Rashid Khan, out Stumped!! Oh delightful! Absolutely delightful from Chahal. The ingredients of flight, dip and turn. That's all you need for a delicacy such as this. Teases Rashid into a drive, has him reaching for the ball and makes him realise that it was a folly all along. Rashid overbalances out of the crease. And you know Dhoni. He won't miss out wkt (7-190) min (20m). Rashid Khan st Dhoni b Chahal 14(16) [4s-1]
45.3
Chahal to Rashid Khan, FOUR, he has nailed this reverse-sweep over backward point! Wow! Flighted up on off, Rashid got into position quickly and whacked it
45.2
Chahal to Rashid Khan, no run, slightly short outside off, or maybe that's how Rashid saw it. Maybe it wasn't that short. He tries to cut and misses
45.1
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, flat on middle and leg, Mohammad Nabi flicks it through square leg
44.6
Shami to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, Jadhav makes a hash of this in the deep, but does superbly to recover. Short ball outside off, slashed hard in front of sweeper cover. Was probably in two minds whether to go for the catch or not. Eventually decided to stop the boundary, only to be deceived by the spin. He did get a hand though, which allowed him to dash back and retrieve it with a dive
44.5
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, leg byes, 1 run, India appeal, but this looked high. Short fine leg is up in the ring and he walks across to whip it over him. But this length ball zips through to strike his thigh
44.4
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short ball with more purpose from Shami. Mohammad Nabi shuffles across, gets inside the line of it but doesn't doesn't meet with the hook shot
44.3
Shami to Rashid Khan, 1 run, that's a double-handed overhead smash! Rashid caught up in Wimbledon fever. Short ball above his head, he belts it down to long-on
44.2
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, this is such smart batting. Bringing all his experience into play. Got the boundary and now he milks this down to long-on
44.1
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, FOUR, Mohammad Nabi targets the boundary first ball of the over, gets it. Sashayed down the pitch, found one in the updated slot and cracked it over mid-off
43.6
Bumrah to Rashid Khan, no run, slight hesitation in the running as Rashid flaps a pull to midwicket. But by the time Chahal gathers to shy at the non-striker's end, Mohammad Nabi slides his bat inside
43.5
Bumrah to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, short of length delivery outside off, whirled away by a forehand-wielding Rashid through extra cover. Not enough timing for the boundary, but will fetch two
43.4
Bumrah to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, Mohammad Nabi places it with a flat-batted dink wide of midwicket
43.3
Bumrah to Rashid Khan, 1 run, overpitched on leg stump, flicked through to deep square leg
43.2
Bumrah to Rashid Khan, no run, back of a length delivery around off, not enough room for Rashid to free the arms. Just gently pats it to backward point
43.1
Bumrah to Rashid Khan, no run, skiddy length ball slanting in on off, Rashid hops back to it and manages to keep it out with a straight bat
42.6
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, no run, flat from Chahal, skids through from back of a length on off, Mohammad Nabi punches it down the pitch
42.5
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, no run, punches this to extra cover
42.4
Chahal to Rashid Khan, 1 run, drifting down leg, an inviting line to sweep which Rashid controls well down towards long leg.
42.3
Chahal to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, short ball outside off, enough time on the back foot for Rashid to find some precision with this cut through point. Back for two
42.2
Chahal to Rashid Khan, no run, punches this through to cover
42.1
Chahal to Rashid Khan, no run, gets away with a short ball. Rashid had spotted the length quickly, was back in the crease for the cut, but he finds backward point
41.6
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, short of length delivery just outside off, it's met with a deft touch from Mohammad Nabi who dabs this pretty fine. Fine enough for a couple while Bumrah cuts it off at third man
41.5
Hardik Pandya to Rashid Khan, 1 run, full ball at the stumps, pushed to the left of mid-on. Quick single
41.4
Hardik Pandya to Rashid Khan, no run, welcomes Rashid with a short ball first up. Rashid ducks underneath
41.3
Hardik Pandya to Najibullah, out Caught by Chahal!! Zadran got away with one in the previous over - a leading edge that fell short of Chahal. But this time his chip falls right in Chahal's lap. Very soft dismissal. Slower ball cutting across middle, Zadran is lax with the roll of his wrists. No control on it. India pull ahead in this race to the finish wkt (6-166) min (32m). Najibullah c Chahal b Hardik Pandya 21(23) [4s-2]
41.2
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, length ball on off stump, Mohammad Nabi pushes it down to long-on
41.1
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, slower ball pitched up outside off, almost yorker length, Mohammad Nabi fails to squeeze it away
40.6
Shami to Najibullah, no run, short of length on off, Zadran is behind the line in defence
40.5
Shami to Najibullah, no run, an off-cutter from Shami which holds up and leads to a leading edge. Teasingly hangs up in the air, only to fall well in front of Chahal at midwicket. Could have he attacked it better?
40.4
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, 136kph, steered through point. Appreciable how this pair is going about it. Batting with a lot of composure
40.3
Shami to Najibullah, 1 run, short of length around the waist, Zadran short-arm pulls to deep square leg
40.2
Shami to Najibullah, no run, back of a length delivery around off, punched to mid-off
40.2
Shami to Najibullah, wide, another wide, this one's down the leg-side. Repetitions of "howzzat" from Virat Kohli. Nothing doing. On replays, it's learnt that there was a flick of the trouser
40.2
Shami to Najibullah, wide, banged in short by Shami to which Zadran is quick to duck under. It's too high. The umpire calls for a wide
40.1
Shami to Najibullah, FOUR, this is running away to the boundary. The eyes searched for a fielder in the deep but he was never there. Back of a length on middle, whipped through midwicket by Zadran and India have their deep square leg fielder too fine
39.6
Hardik Pandya to Najibullah, 1 run, slower short ball outside off, Najibullah gets on his toes and flays it over point
39.5
Hardik Pandya to Najibullah, 2 runs, 135ks full outside off, Najibullah once again crunches the drive in the gap wide of extra cover and gets back for two with ease
39.4
Hardik Pandya to Najibullah, 2 runs, 140ks full pitcher outside off, Najibullah lifts the drive in the gap between mid-off and cover. Was in air briefly but Najibullah picked the gap to perfection
39.3
Hardik Pandya to Najibullah, no run, unveils the lifter now, Najibullah saw it late and ducked hurriedly under it
39.2
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, pitched up outside off at 137ks, Mohammad Nabi drives to mid-off and calls his partner through for a quick single
39.1
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fullish and closing in on off, Mohammad Nabi gets across and taps into the leg-side
38.6
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, full at off-stump, Mohammad Nabi keeps the strike with a drive down to long-on
38.5
Shami to Najibullah, 1 run, 136ks good length outside off, Najibullah shuffles across and clips it behind square on the on-side
38.5
Shami to Najibullah, wide, dug in short and it flies past the ducking Najibullah. Too high reckons umpire Aleem Dar
38.4
Shami to Najibullah, FOUR, pitches it further up and sees Najibullah tonk that over mid-off with impeccable timing. Not the length to be bowling to Najibullah and defintely not with mid-off inside the ring
38.3
Shami to Najibullah, no run, 136ks length delivery outside off, punched away to backward point
38.2
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, 140ks length delivery on off, tucked away into the leg-side for an easy single
38.1
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, no run, 140ks short of length outside off, Mohammad Nabi opens the bat face and tries to run it down to third man and instead hits it to the man at backward point
37.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, full on leg-stump, flicked away through square leg
37.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Najibullah, 1 run, eased down to long-off
37.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Najibullah, no run, tries the reverse but gets beaten by the dip and lack of pace, was hit on the front pad but the impact's well outside off
37.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Najibullah, no run, slows it up and gives it more air around off, Najibullah sees it like a hawk and bunts it down into the pitch
37.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, full outside off, Mohammad Nabi comes forward and across to flick the drive wide of long-on
37.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Mohammad Nabi, no run, flighted full on off, Mohammad Nabi pushes the drive to the right of cover
36.6
Shami to Najibullah, no run, 142ks good length around off, punched to the left of mid-off
36.5
Shami to Najibullah, 2 runs, the rib-tickler from Shami, Najibullah hops and tucks it into the vacant spaces at mid-wicket. Calls for two and gets it with ease
36.4
Shami to Najibullah, no run, repeats the dose does Mohammed Shami. Similar pace and similar reactions from the batsman too
36.3
Shami to Najibullah, no run, 136ks bumper on the stumps, Najibullah watches it carefully and ducks under it
36.2
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, full outside off at 139ks, Mohammad Nabi slices the drive square on the off-side
36.1
Shami to Mohammad Nabi, no run, nice pacy length delivery seeking the top of off, Mohammad Nabi blocks solildy and drops it dead near his feet
35.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, googly on off, Mohammad Nabi extends the push drive to long-off
35.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Najibullah, 1 run, loopy delivery on the stumps, Najibullah gets down on one knee and brooms it away to deep square
35.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Najibullah, no run, well flighted around off, forward and driven to mid-off
35.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Najibullah, 2 runs, shows his intentions straightaway. Goes for the reverse sweep and connects it well to get it square on the off-side. Off the mark with a double
35.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, worked away square on the leg-side
35.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, premeditated lap sweep to fine leg. Really impressed with how Mohammad Nabi is approaching this
34.6
Chahal to Asghar Afghan, out Bowled!! Knocks the off pole. The power shots won't work today, not on this track. Asghar Afghan looks to launch Chahal into the stands and attempts a mighty slogsweep from off-stump. The ball dips cunningly under his bat and crashed into the base of off stump. Chahal is absolutely pumped and he deserved this after showing some intent in the field wkt (5-130) min (33m). Asghar Afghan b Chahal 8(19)
34.5
Chahal to Asghar Afghan, no run, keeps it slightly full and gets the ball to spin away past the prodding blade of Asghar Afghan
34.4
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, quicker outside off, punched down to long-off
34.3
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, no run, slows this up and gets some turn away, Mohammad Nabi splices the check drive in front of cover
34.2
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, no run, quicker on middle, driven to mid-on
34.1
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, FOUR, sees the ball slightly full, gets down quickly and times the sweep backwards of square leg. These are good signs if you are an Afghanistan fan as Mohammad Nabi is looking to time the ball as opposed to smash it with power
33.6
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, full at the pads at 137ks, neatly knocked away wide of long-on
33.5
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, clips the slower ball from fifth stump to the right of backward square
33.4
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, no run, full and honing in on the stumps, gently flicked away to the right of mid-wicket
33.3
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, no run, pitched up outside off, driven straight to cover
33.2
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, looks to run the 135ks length ball to third man but it takes the outside edge and rolls square of the fielder
33.1
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, full on the pads at 118ks, Asghar Afghan gets across and flicks it through mid-wicket
32.6
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, FOUR, smartly played! Had his weight on the back foot and the moment he saw the width, Mohammad Nabi nailed the cut behind point. Was helped by the lack of turn and pace on offer from Chahal...
32.5
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, no run, 85ks flighted nicely outside off, Mohammad Nabi lunges across and blocks to cover
32.4
Chahal to Mohammad Nabi, no run, looks to help the leg-stump dart to fine leg fence but instead picks out the man at 45
32.3
Chahal to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, slogs at a full toss up from fifth stump towards deep mid-wicket. All muscles, no timing!
32.2
Chahal to Asghar Afghan, no run, slightly short of a fuller length at 83ks, Asghar Afghan prods forward and nudges it into the leg-side
32.1
Chahal to Asghar Afghan, no run, full on off, driven back to the bowler
31.6
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, turned to mid-on
31.5
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, in the air for an eternity and it drops in no-man's land! Mohammad Nabi sliced the length ball over point and three fielders (point, third man, sweeper cover) ran for the catch, only if one of them had called. Not to be...
31.4
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, dug in short, but he's cut the pace on it, Mohammad Nabi swivels and pulls one-legged to deep square
31.3
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, short and wide at decent clicks, Asghar Afghan gets on top of it and punches square of cover
31.2
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, no run, good length on off, blocked in front of cover
31.1
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, no run, fuller and wider of off, Asghar Afghan seeks to drive on the off-side but instead ekes thick inside half on the shot and it rolls away into the leg-side
31.1
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, wide, wayward delivery down the leg-side, it will be called a wide
30.6
Bumrah to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, 139ks short at the body, Asghar Afghan swivels and pulls to deep square
30.5
Bumrah to Asghar Afghan, no run, 146ks yorker on off, too good for Asghar Afghan and he could only jam it down near his feet
30.4
Bumrah to Asghar Afghan, no run, 141ks bumper, Asghar Afghan takes his eyes off the ball whilst trying to restrain his pull shot, gets into a bit of tangle and takes a blow on his right shoulder
30.3
Bumrah to Asghar Afghan, no run, 141ks, there and thereabouts of fifth stump, dabbed away into the off-side
30.2
Bumrah to Asghar Afghan, no run, 147ks, hits the bat hard from a good length, Asghar Afghan gets opened up slightly but manages to blunt it away into the leg-side
30.1
Bumrah to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, Chahal may have had an ordinary day with the ball, but he is making it up with some awesome piece of fielding. This was drifting into the pads and Asghar Afghan flicked it to the right of fine leg where the leggie dives and pulls off a splendid stop
29.6
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, 139kph bouncer on off-stump, Mohammad Nabi sways away from the line of the delivery
29.5
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, on a length and outside off, Mohammad Nabi is happy to let it go through to Dhoni
29.4
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, pitched right up outside off, Mohammad Nabi cue-ends the drive to cover
29.3
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, very full delivery and close to yorker length, Mohammad Nabi jams it back to Pandya
29.2
Hardik Pandya to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fuller and outside off, Mohammad Nabi psuh-drives it straight to Virat Kohli at cover
29.1
Hardik Pandya to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, back of a length outside off, cracked away to sweeper cover
28.6
Bumrah to Shahidi, out Caught&Bowled!! Cometh the hour, cometh the man. Bumrah has changed the game around in a space of three balls. Two wickets and both set batsmen sent back. India come storming back into the contest. Short of length delivery right at the body, Shahidi hops and closes the bat face, the leading edge pops up and Bumrah runs forward to take a good low catch. He did well to halt his momentum and hang on to the ball. India needed this from their ace bowler and he has delivered. Now up to the others to follow suite. Afghanistan need to steady things with another partnership wkt (4-106) min (53m). Shahidi c and b Bumrah 21(45) [4s-2]
28.5
Bumrah to Shahidi, no run, angled in from round the wicket, Shahidi is hanging back in the crease and bunts it back
28.4
Bumrah to Rahmat, out Caught by Chahal!! Southampton comes alive. India have removed the set batsman. A much needed breakthrough as things started to favour Afghanistan in the last few overs. It was the short ball and Shah is rushed on the pull shot, the top-edge flies to fine leg and Chahal takes a really good catch. He ran in and the ball was dying in front of him before he scooped it. Pumps both his fists looking towards the crowd. Shah looked good in his stay but he's making it a bad habit of throwing away his starts wkt (3-106) min (94m). Rahmat c Chahal b Bumrah 36(63) [4s-3]
28.3
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, good length ball outside off, Shah pushes it towards point and wanted a single, sent back
28.2
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, back of a length around off, Shah is right behind the line to defend
28.1
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, huge shout for LBW. Aleem Dar is unmoved and the crowd are booing.. Virat Kohli was sure that was gone. He was almost pleading along with Bumrah. India lost their review early on. Was there an inside edge? Nope. The nip-backer from a length and Shah is caught in the crease, beaten on the inside edge and struck on the back pad, ball-tracking shows it to be clipping leg-stump and it was umpire's call. That was close, really close and could have gone either way
27.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, not all that short and hence Shahidi does not time the cut, chopped to backward point
27.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, throws it wider and makes Shahidi reach for it, the ball spins away to beat the swinging blade
27.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, flighted around off, Shahidi is almost beaten by the dip as he chips it back to Kuldeep, the ball does not carry though and lands well in front of him
27.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, sharp turn. Touch quicker and on a length, Shahidi prods forward to defend and the ball spins away to beat the outside edge. That is a better pace and length from Kuldeep
27.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 2 runs, that is very casual. Even Dhoni had his hands up as to gesturing what was that. Shahidi goes for the sweep and the top-edge lands in front of deep backward square, Vijay is too casual in his approach and does not attack the ball, the duo make him pay
27.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, fraction short and outside off, Shahidi cuts and finds Shami behind point
26.6
Bumrah to Rahmat, 2 runs, short and angled into the right hander, Shah gloves the pull and Kuldeep does well to get across, he dives near fine leg and flicks the ball in play, saved a brace
26.5
Bumrah to Rahmat, 2 runs, slower and fuller outside off, Shah eases it with an angled bat to backward point, Pandya lets it through his legs and gifts a couple of runs to Afghanistan. India need to tighten up
26.4
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, was there and edge? It doesn't matter as the ball does not carry to Dhoni. The off-cutter with a bit of extra bounce, Shah tries to steer it to third man but gets an outside edge that lands well in front of the 'keeper. Bumrah has his hands on his head
26.3
Bumrah to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Shahidi drives square of the wicket and brings up the 100 for Afghanistan
26.2
Bumrah to Rahmat, 1 run, that is smart cricket all round. Virat Kohli has kept his third man very fine and Shah has picked him out. Back of a length outside off, steered away to the right of Dhoni and Chahal is there in the deep to cut it off
26.1
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, fuller and outside off, Shah cue-ends his forward push to mid-off
25.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, low dipping full toss outside off, Shah chips it towards long-off
25.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, tossed up outside off, Shah drives it back to Kuldeep
25.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, FOUR, picked the length early and dispatched it from his presence. Long hop and Shah is quick to rock back, use the depth of the crease and muscle the pull over mid-wicket - bisected long-on and deep mid-wicket expertly
25.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, quicker and turning in sharply, Shah stays back and brings his bat across to bunt it out
25.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, looped up outside off, Shahidi gently pushes it down to long-off
25.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, lands the flighted delivery on a fullish length, Shah drives it down to long-on
24.6
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, slow turn into the left hander and Shahidi works it towards mid-wicket
24.5
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, quicker and rushing the batsman in the crease, Shahidi stays back and stabs it into the leg-side
24.4
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, that is a better length from Chahal. Flighted and gets it to dip on a length, turns back in to beat the inside edge and hit Shahidi on the back pad, if anything it was the bounce that saved the batsman. The ball might have gone over the stumps. However, Dhoni collected the deflection and broke the stumps but Shahidi had never left the crease
24.3
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, very full and close to the blockhole, Shahidi squeezes it to cover
24.2
Chahal to Shahidi, FOUR, this time Shahidi manages to split the two fielders - backward point and short third man. Chahal is short again and Shahidi cuts it late to ensure the ball is placed in the gap. They're doing it with ease
24.1
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, fraction short and outside off, Shahidi chops the cut towards backward point
23.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, tossed up close to off, Shahidi eases the drive to long-off
23.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, floated up outside off, Shahidi pushes it with the bottom hand coming off to cover
23.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, goes deep in the crease and plays it with the turn backward of square leg
23.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, short and outside off, Shah makes room and cracks the cut to cover-point. Either side and he would have picked up a boundary but ends up finding Vijay
23.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, tossed up on off, Shah blocks with the bat in front of the pad
23.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, dipping on a very fullish length, Shahidi squirts it off the inside edge to mid-wicket
22.6
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, comes down the track and doesn't get to the pitch, decides to defend it to cover
22.5
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, skids on and hurries Shah to block it out. The batsman had to come forward but instead he stayed back
22.4
Chahal to Shahidi, 1 run, throws it wider and teases the batsman, Shahidi drives it wide of long-off and should have been two. Vijay also fumbled in the deep and they would have got it with ease
22.3
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, a firmer push for the flighted delivery but it is straight back to Chahal
22.2
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, nicely looped up on off, Shahidi has a big stride forward to smother it back
22.1
Chahal to Shahidi, no run, tossed up outside off, Shahidi plunges forward and blocks it in front of cover
21.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, wrong 'un that is fraction short, Shah turns it gently into the on-side
21.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, floated up outside off, Shahidi directs it square on the off-side, for a single
21.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, touch short and Shah is on the back foot to punch, past Kuldeep and down to long-on
21.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, flighted outside off, Shahidi prods forward and eases it to long-off
21.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, FOUR, "nahi, nahi" (no, no) went Dhoni behind the stumps. Kuldeep knows it too as he punches his head in frustration. A half tracker and allowed Shahidi to rock back to play the pull, dismissed with utter disdain to the fence
21.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, tossed up on middle and leg, Shahidi presses forward and defends
20.6
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, FOUR, cracking shot! That releases the pressure. Shah charges down the wicket, converts it into a full length delivery and smacks it powerfully over cover. The speedgun clocked this at 140kph and surely that traveled to the fence faster
20.5
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, no run, back of a length on off, Shah is right behind the line to defend
20.4
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, no run, 136kph bouncer that keeps climbing on the batsman, Shah takes it on and plays the pull, but cannot cope with the bounce and is beaten on the top-edge. One for the over signals the umpire
20.3
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, 1 run, short of length around off, Shahidi opens the bat face and steers it to third man
20.2
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, that is what the pressure of dots do to a batsman - Shahidi plays a loose shot away from the body. Slanted across the left hander and Shahidi goes feeling for the ball with feet stuck to the crease
20.1
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, sharp bouncer angled across, Shahidi arches back and sways away from the line of the delivery
19.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, fullish delivery on the stumps, Shahidi sweeps to deep square leg
19.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, hit on the pad, oohs and aahs, but missing leg. Oh there was an inside edge and the ball popped up off the pad. May have pitched outside leg too
19.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, googly, but Rahmat confidently drives off the front foot to long-off
19.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, cut into the off-side, Pandya dives to his left at cover-point and does well to stop the ball
19.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, low full toss on the stumps, Shahidi drives it to long-on
19.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Rahmat turns it to backward square leg
18.6
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, knew the short ball was coming. A typical pacer's response when he's angry and Shahidi is hit on the ribs. He clutches and sits for a moment. That's painful, a big bruise for sure, icepack later on and he's okay to continue for now. Shahidi tried to hop and defend, missed the line. Looked like it didn't bounce as much as Shahidi anticipated. Hardik Pandya bowls a maiden over. Quite a turnaround from the way he bowled before drinks
18.5
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Shahidi defends
18.4
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, defended with an angled bat to the right of backward point
18.3
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, oh uppishly pushed, Virat Kohli dives to his left at short cover and almost takes it on the full. Looks at the sky and pleads - why didn't it carry! Shahidi lost control of the bottom hand as he went at this full delivery
18.2
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, the angle across the left-hander, it's very wide too, Shahidi doesn't want to throw his hands at it
18.1
Hardik Pandya to Shahidi, no run, Pandya went for the really full ball, Shahidi cracks it to cover
17.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, 1 run, short ball, but it had to be quicker to beat Shahidi on the pull shot, deep square leg tidies up
17.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, floated up nicely, Shahidi drives into the off-side
17.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, driven back to the bowler
17.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, oh the balance not there for Shahidi. Kuldeep Yadav beat him in flight, Shahidi almost fell over trying to push off the front foot, hit it to cover
17.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, this is a googly, but Shahidi managed to defend off the front foot. Looks like he picked that!
17.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Shahidi, no run, Shahidi presents the full face of the bat to this forward defence
16.6
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, 2 runs, short of length delivery outside off stump, Rahmat punches it to third man
16.5
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, out Caught by Shankar!! This is a top edge, fielder under it and Vijay Shankar takes a neat catch. Gulbadin Naib walks back dejected, India elated to break this frustrating 44-run stand. The seam-up short delivery, may have jumped extra on Gulbadin Naib landing on the seam, the batsman went for the pull short and horribly miscued it. Deep square leg ran forward and completed the catch wkt (2-64) min (78m). Gulbadin Naib c Shankar b Hardik Pandya 27(42) [4s-2]
16.4
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, 1 run, it's a cross-seamed ball, but it's not a bouncer. So no point bowling cross-seam on short of length when there is some movement on offer. Rahmat cuts to deep point
16.3
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, again outside off stump, angled bat, run down to third man
16.2
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, 1 run, enough width for Rahmat to easily guide this length ball to third man
16.1
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Rahmat defends into the off-side
15.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Gulbadin Naib, no run, how did that miss the edge/off stump?. This is the slider that doesn't turn, Gulbadin Naib played inside the line as he looked to defend, the ball was so close to the bat when it crossed. Dhoni calmly collects with an "Ohhhh" expression
15.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, oh a lot of turn, Kuldeep's pace allows the batsman to adjust late as Rahmat did on this occasion, to go back and flick to deep mid-wicket
15.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, lofted uppishly, but there is no catching fielder at mid-off, easy run it turns out
15.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, 1 run, widish delivery, pushed away to long-off
15.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, Kuldeep Yadav flights this googly and Rahmat didn't read that, almost fell over trying to play on-side, ball spun past him, Dhoni whipped the bails off in a flash, luckily for Rahmat, the back foot didn't come out
15.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, Kuldeep loops this at 77kph, too full to beat the bat on the drive, hit off the toe-end to long-off
14.6
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, I am sure Virat Kohli wouldn't have told him to bowl a full toss. How lucky is Chahal to get away with this? Mistimed slog to mid-wicket
14.5
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, why is he trying to follow up every full ball on the off stump with a short one wide of off stump? What's the plan? Can't understand. He's very lucky that Rahmat cut and found backward point. Now Virat Kohli puts his arm over Chahal and has a chat
14.4
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, floated up on the off stump, turn on offer, Rahmat negates with a forward block
14.3
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, this is a poor short ball wide outside off stump, cut to sweeper cover
14.2
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, oh beaten! Slow and short, Gulbadin Naib wanted to cut, wasn't that deep in the crease, so the balance wasn't proper to connect
14.1
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, nicely bowled, full and drawing the batsman forward, Gulbadin Naib drives it back to the bowler
13.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, driven back to the bowler. Decent start that from Kuldeep Yadav
13.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, slower through the air, so Rahmat had enough time to go back, watch the sharp turn back into him and cut to point
13.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, Kuldeep Yadav generously tosses it up, Rahmat wanted to drive through the off-side, gets an inside edge that rolls into the on-side
13.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Rahmat, no run, Rahmat meanwhile is nicely onto the front foot to kill some spin and defend into the off-side
13.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, stays deep in the crease again and pulls, deep mid-wicket tidies up though
13.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Gulbadin Naib, no run, oh Gulbadin Naib seemed to have read that off the pitch. Stayed back to a fairly fullish delivery, watched it go straight and managed to defend
12.6
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, steps out again and knocks it to mid-wicket
12.5
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, use of the feet, driven to cover, oh Virat Kohli fires the throw right on Rahmat's back. Apologises. Rohit checks on his health too. Nicely hit along the ground, but couldn't hit the gap. Virat Kohli went for the sticks as Rahmat was outside the crease but lost control while throwing
12.4
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, nicely bowled, rushed Rahmat on the defence, batsman manages to push it towards cover
12.3
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, width offered, there's turn, great save by Ro at slip. Rahmat got a thickish edge on the attempted cut shot, Ro dived to his right and pushed the ball to backward point
12.2
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, forward defended into the off-side from an off stump line
12.1
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, full toss, driven down to long-on
11.6
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, slower delivery on the stumps, Gulbadin Naib flicks it to deep square leg and he'll keep strike
11.5
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, no run, another short delivery, Gulbadin Naib hops and defends
11.4
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, Shami, Bumrah are tough to handle, so Gulbadin Naib is targetting India's third seamer - Hardik Pandya. The length is short, these kids get carried away when there's bounce in the pitch and persist bowling short instead of bowling top of the sticks length. Gulbadin Naib short-arm jabs pulls this over mid-wicket, this time with more power than the previous one
11.3
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, smashed over the infield, just lofted that on the rise over mid-wicket, who is fairly in, Gulbadin Naib backed himself to clear and hit it for four
11.2
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, clipped off the pads as Pandya bowls a leg-side delivery, fine leg stops the ball, a slight fumble but couldn't have stopped the second anyway
11.1
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, 1 run, oh inside edge past the sticks, short of length delivery from Hardik Pandya, Rahmat tries to push without moving his feet, the edge rolls through backward square leg
10.6
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, slower through the air, Gulbadin Naib defends off the front foot
10.5
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, short in length, Gulbadin Naib keeps it out
10.4
Chahal to Rahmat, 1 run, uses the feet and drives it to long-on
10.3
Chahal to Rahmat, FOUR, oh this is too short, Rahmat is a pretty solid batsman, he rocks back and pulls over mid-wicket, who thought he could jump and fancy a grab overhead, Kuldeep ran to his right from long-on, dived but the leg was touching the rope when he was in contact with the ball
10.2
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, advances and pushes this flighted delivery to cover
10.1
Chahal to Rahmat, no run, nicely tossed up by Chahal, Rahmat meets with the full face of the bat in his forward defence
9.6
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, this slower one was on the pads, Gulbadin Naib identifies it early and flicks it wide of fine leg. Shami chased it down well and stopped it from reaching the fence
9.5
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Gulbadin Naib tucks it to mid-wicket
9.5
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, wide, 5 oh! He is overdoing the short ball. That was way too short and he knows it. It went over the head of not only Gulbadin Naib but also MS
9.4
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, no run, Hardik Pandya rolled his fingers on that delivery, Gulbadin Naib was early into the shot. And it hit him high on the bat and popped up in the air. Well wide of mid-wicket fielder
9.3
Hardik Pandya to Gulbadin Naib, no run, banged this one on a short of length, it zipped off the deck. Gulbadin Naib almost sits under it and it sails over his head
9.2
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, 1 run, steers it to third man
9.1
Hardik Pandya to Rahmat, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Rahmat gets behind that delivery nicely and blocks it to the off-side
8.6
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, lots of flight on this delivery, it spins away from Gulbadin Naib who adjusts it well and defends it to the off-side
8.5
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, short and wide of off, Gulbadin Naib finds the cover fielder
8.4
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, flatter and attacking the stumps, Gulbadin Naib stays put in the crease and clipped it to mid-wicket
8.3
Chahal to Rahmat, 1 run, this was marginally short
8.2
Chahal to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, flighted and on the stumps, Gulbadin Naib prods forward and knocks it down to long-on
8.1
Chahal to Rahmat, 1 run, straightaway, Rahmat uses his feet. He reaches the pitch of it and clips it to deep mid-wicket
7.6
Bumrah to Rahmat, leg byes, 1 run, that's a nasty delivery. It didn't bounce as Rahmat would have anticipated and he was in an awkward position to combat it. It hit him on the back of the neck and deflected to the on-side. That would have hurt, he isn't showing it though
7.5
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, 3 runs, this was angling back into Gulbadin Naib, he used the angle well and tucked it wide of mid-wicket. The throw came to Virat Virat Kohli who absolutely blasted the ball back to the striker's end
7.4
Bumrah to Rahmat, 1 run, on a back of a length and around off, Rahmat opens the face of the bat and guides it to third man
7.3
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, this one skids after hitting the deck on a short of length. Rahmat did well to evade it. It absolutely thuds into the gloves of MS
7.2
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, on a fuller length and targeting the stumps, Rahmat plunges forward and drives it back to Bumrah who stops it from going further
7.1
Bumrah to Rahmat, no run, on a length and angling back into Rahmat, he gets behind it and blocks it to the off-side
6.6
Shami to Rahmat, 1 run, he is off the mark. On a good length and on the stumps, Rahmat got his bat down late and inside half of the bat takes it to fine leg
6.5
Shami to Rahmat, no run, bangs this one on a short of length again, Rahmat sways himself out of the line and leaves it alone
6.4
Shami to Rahmat, no run, on a short of length and wide of off, Rahmat drops his wrists and leaves it alone
6.3
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, out Bowled!! Hazratullah Zazai was looking all at sea against the pace bowlers and this was always on the cards. It was a back of a length delivery and was angling back into Hazratullah Zazai. He decides to have an across the line slog, swung hard but swung late. It went past his bat and crashed into the stumps. It looked wild, really wild. I am afraid to say, it is not a shot of an opening batsmen. He wouldn't be proud of it for sure wkt (1-20) min (32m). Hazratullah Zazai b Shami 10(24) [4s-1]
6.2
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, 2 runs, on a length and wide of off, Hazratullah Zazai waits for this one to arrive and nudged it to the on-side for a couple
6.1
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, back of a length delivery angling back into Hazratullah Zazai, he went for the slog to the on-side. Was late on the shot, It rapped him on the thigh pad and deflected to the off-side
5.6
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, went for a wild slog, missed it completely, both batsmen are living dangerously
5.5
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, in the air...just evades Bumrah! That was a nasty delivery, it was banged in on a short of length and it was coming back into Gulbadin Naib who was neither in a position to duck or pull. He keeps his bat hanging, it clipped his bat and went back in the direction of the bowler but was just out of his reach
5.4
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, this one was much fuller and it enticed Gulbadin Naib to drive. It wasn't full enough to be driven too, Gulbadin Naib was late onto it and he inside edged
5.3
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, on a back of a length and on the body, Gulbadin Naib jumped in the crease to get in line and tucked it wide of square leg for a brace
5.2
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, now, attempts the glory ball, the one that he is renowned for - the yorker. Fails to execute it as it ends up being a full-toss, Gulbadin Naib got his bat down in time and pushed it to the on-side
5.1
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, on a length and around off, Gulbadin Naib wanted to pull, got beaten for pace of Bumrah and mistimed it to mid-on
4.6
Shami to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, on a fuller length and just wide of off, Gulbadin Naib mistimes the drive back to the bowler who dives but it was out of his reach
4.5
Shami to Gulbadin Naib, leg byes, 2 runs, errs in line just a little bit. It was on the pads and Gulbadin Naib missed the flick as he was beaten by the extra pace. It clipped his pads and went to the on-side. They will collect a brace
4.4
Shami to Gulbadin Naib, no run, on a good length and seaming into Gulbadin Naib, he stays put in the crease and defends it to mid-off
4.3
Shami to Gulbadin Naib, no run, now, a well-directed bumper to push Gulbadin Naib back. He went for the pull shot but it was too high for him, missed it and it went to MS
4.2
Shami to Gulbadin Naib, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Gulbadin Naib was quick to transfer his weight forward and drives it back in a confident fashion. He ends up finding mid-off
4.1
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Hazratullah Zazai hangs back and pushes it to mid-on
3.6
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, another peach from Bumrah! In that corridor of uncertainty and bouncing extra off the deck, Gulbadin Naib pushed at it inside the line of the ball and it goes past his outside edge
3.5
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, much fuller from Bumrah, it was attacking the stumps. Hazratullah Zazai stays put and pushes it wide of cover
3.4
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a length and wide of off,
3.3
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, that's edged and four! Gee! He is living dangerously. It was much fuller and hence it produced the outside edge on the push. Luckily for Hazratullah Zazai it was a thick outside edge and it will go wide of second slip for a boundary
3.2
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a good length and angling away from Hazratullah Zazai, he was beaten for pace and it defeats his outside edge
3.1
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, length ball around off, Gulbadin Naib punches it wide of cover for a single
2.6
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, awkwardly defended to the on-side, he is not getting behind the ball as he should
2.5
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Hazratullah Zazai pushed it back to mid-on
2.4
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, Shami seems confident. He went to Virat Kohli and they have gone upstairs. There is surely no bat involved. Is it pitching in line? No, it is not. Just some millimeters outside. Virat isn't looking pleased and he has straightaway gone upto umpire Richard Illingworth. That won't do any favour. India have lost their review. This one nipped back in off the deck, it missed the inside edge of Hazratullah Zazai and rapped him on the back pad. It looked out but the ball had pitched outside leg and that saved Zazai
2.3
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a length and around off, Hazratullah Zazai mistimes the punch to the off-side
2.2
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, beauty from Shami! On a length and climbing off the deck, Hazratullah Zazai failed to combat the extra bounce and it defeats his outside edge again. It thuds into the gloves of MS who takes a tumble after collecting the ball
2.1
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a length and wide of off, Hazratullah Zazai saw the width and went after it
1.6
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, much fuller this time, it was targeting the stumps. Gulbadin Naib stays put in the crease and blocks it solidly to the off-side
1.5
Bumrah to Gulbadin Naib, no run, back of a length delivery on the stumps, Gulbadin Naib stands tall in the crease and defends it back with a straight bat
1.4
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, Bumrah absolutely nails the yorker, Zazai does well to get his front leg out of the way and bring his bat down in time, jammed away with a closed bat face to fine leg
1.3
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Hazratullah Zazai defends it to the off-side
1.2
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, Byes, 4, Hazratullah Zazai misses, MS misses and it will result in a boundary. On a length and around off, Hazratullah Zazai fails to put any bat to it. It bounced well before Dhoni, went past him for four byes
1.1
Bumrah to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a length and wide of off, it was angling across Hazratullah Zazai. He threw his bat at it, mistimes the push to the off-side
0.6
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, Afghanistan are away! On a length and wide of off, Hazratullah Zazai stays put in the crease and cuts it to third man
0.5
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, extra bounce for Shami on that delivery, it hit the splice of the bat and was in the air for sometime. Ended up wide of Shami
0.4
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a back of a length and angling across Hazratullah Zazai, he wanted to guide it to third man. He plays it down the wrong line and it beats his outside edge
0.3
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, another delivery attacking the stumps, ball isn't coming onto the bat. Hazratullah Zazai fails to make any contact
0.2
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a back of a length and on the body, Hazratullah Zazai hops in the crease, gets in line of the ball and tucks it to the on-side
0.1
Shami to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Hazratullah Zazai wanted to steer it to third man, he fails to put any bat to it and it ends up into the gloves of MS
Commentary
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Aftab Alam,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shankar,Mohammad Shami,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
