49.6
Stoinis to Kl Rahul, FOUR, Rahul caps off the innings in style. India cross the 350 mark. Stoinis tries another wide yorker, Rahul walks forward and across, converts it into a full toss and smashes it through mid-wicket. Split the gap between deep mid-wicket and long-on perfectly for a one-bounce four
49.5
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, out Caught by Pat Cummins!! Slower ball at 113kph from a short of length, Kohli had to manufacture all the power. He came forward and carved it over the covers, but didn't time it good enough. A simple catch at deep cover wkt (5-348) min (128m). Kohli c Pat Cummins b Stoinis 82(77) [4s-4 6s-2]
49.5
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, wide, tries the wide yorker, errs in line by a long way. Left alone
49.4
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, yorker length, knocked to long-on and they return for the second. Maxwell fires in a throw, but misses the target at the bowler's end. Rahul was nowhere in the frame
49.3
Stoinis to Kl Rahul, 1 run, off-cutter from a back of a length, Rahul can't generate power. A mistimed pull to deep mid-wicket
49.2
Stoinis to Kl Rahul, SIX, Rahul gets a freebie and puts it away with ease. A full toss on middle and leg, Rahul waits for it and flicks it over deep square leg for an easy six
49.1
Stoinis to Ms Dhoni, out Caught&Bowled!! That's a stunning retun catch! A wide, low full toss at 127kph, Dhoni got low to smack it downtown. Didn't get the required elevation and Stoinis stuck his right hand out ... fully stretched in his followthrough. It was hit firmly, but Stoinis managed to hold onto it wkt (4-338) min (20m). A corker! Dhoni c and b Stoinis 27(14) [4s-3 6s-1]
48.6
Starc to Virat Kohli, no run, 146kph, low full toss and Kohli has hit that straight back at the bowler. Hits Starc's boot and dies down adjacent to the pitch. A dot! 13 off the over
48.5
Starc to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, 146kph, in the blockhole, jammed towards extra cover
48.4
Starc to Ms Dhoni, no run, 145kph, low full toss wide of off, Dhoni fails to put bat on ball
48.3
Starc to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, 147kph, fuller than a good length ball and Dhoni gets a leading edge on his flick. Khawaja dives to his right at backward point and half-stops. Ends up parrying it towards cover and that allows the batsmen to come back for the second
48.2
Starc to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, now a four! A short ball at 141kph, Dhoni is good against short-pitched deliveries. The former captain muscles the pull square of the fine leg fielder
48.1
Starc to Ms Dhoni, SIX, that's a biggie! An in-angling 143kph delivery right in the batsman's arc. Dhoni uses the angle to good effect. Swings his bat hard and sends it over deep square leg for a massive six
47.6
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, no run, 112kph, slower ball bouncer, Kohli walks down the pitch and dabs it to backward point. They do not take the single. Just nine runs off the over!
47.5
Stoinis to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, 126kph, Stoinis goes full and that's been eased down to mid-off
47.4
Stoinis to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, rubbish ball! A harmless 128kph shortish ball on the ribs. With fine leg inside the circle, that's a freebie for any batter. Dhoni swivels and pulls it fine of the man at 45
47.4
Stoinis to Ms Dhoni, wide, called as a wide. For a moment I though it was inside the tramline. But replays show that it was just outside the line. Stoinis went for the wide yorker and erred
47.3
Stoinis to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, bottom-hand power! Very full ball at 125kph, Dhoni drills it to the left of long-off
47.2
Stoinis to Ms Dhoni, no run, 126kph, wide yorker, Dhoni swings his bat only to connect with thin air
47.1
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 1 run, good start for Stoinis. Slips in the yorker at 124kph and Kohli probably got a leading edge towards point. He brought the bat down at the right moment did Kohli
46.6
Starc to Virat Kohli, 1 run, yorker length ball around off, Kohli bunts it to long-on. This is the highest total by any team against Australia in World Cups
46.5
Starc to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short ball at 139kph, with one leg off the ground Dhoni helps it on its way to fine leg
46.4
Starc to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, 146kph, full ball, Dhoni moves leg-side to open up the off-side. Lifted over extra cover for a brace
46.3
Starc to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, head-high bouncer at 146kph, Dhoni is cramped for room, but he decides to go after it with a pull shot. Gets a top-edge and Carey leapt full length. Got a glove on it, but the ball has enough legs to reach the fine leg fence
46.2
Starc to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 146kph, short of length delivery, knocked towards long-on and Kohli has to settle with a single as the fielder was swift to get to the ball
46.1
Starc to Virat Kohli, SIX, that's class! A pitched up delivery at 144kph from round the wicket, Kohli waits for the ball to arrive and beautifully carves it over deep extra cover. Didn't over-hit and relied on timing
45.6
Pat Cummins to Ms Dhoni, no run, 140kph, short of length delivery, Dhoni punches it to cover and decides against the single
45.5
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Finch!! The change of field does the trick. A 144kph low full toss outside off. Hardik Pandya stays deep in the crease as he shuffles across. He saw the mid-off fielder inside the circle and backed him to go over him. A sane shot against this delivery, but his bat-face at the point of impact. A simple catch to Finch at mid-off. That brings an end to another entertaining knock from the Indian all-rounder wkt (3-301) min (41m). Hardik Pandya c Finch b Pat Cummins 48(27) [4s-4 6s-3]
45.4
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, slower bouncer, powerfully pulled in front of square leg after fetching it from outside off. Maxwell dives to his right in the deep and flicks to the other fielder (Stoinis) running across to his left. Saved two runs there
45.4
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, wide, very full at 143kph, but Cummins errs in line outside off
45.3
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, excellent batting! Smart, got to say. A wide yorker at 139kph, Pandya is cheeky enough to open his bat-face and squeeze it to the right of backward point. Kohli likes it
45.2
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, no run, good bumper at 130kph, kept coming in did the slower ball and surprised Pandya. He was cramped for room and also was earlt into his pull. No contact and the ball goes to the keeper
45.1
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 140kph! very wide yorker, could have been a wide if Kohli had let it go. The skipper reached out and cue-ended it to third man
44.6
Starc to Virat Kohli, 1 run, pitched up delivery on middle and off, knocked down to long-on for a single
44.5
Starc to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, short of length delivery at 132kph, tucked into the mid-wicket pocket for a brace
44.4
Starc to Virat Kohli, SIX, off the middle and off she goes into the stands. 146kph, Starc slightly misses his length and Kohli takes full toll of it. Those famous wrists from Kohli, whipped away powerfully over cow corner
44.3
Starc to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, in the air and Zampa doesn't go for the catch. A fullish ball at 146kph and Kohli could only get a big outside edge. He was trying to go over on-side. Zampa stays back and takes it on the bounce
44.2
Starc to Virat Kohli, no run, 142kph! Away-angling very full ball, Kohli once again can't put bat on ball as he tries to play the big drive. Was just inside the wide line
44.1
Starc to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, back of a length delivery at 132kph, Pandya is early into his shot - the flick and only manages an inside edge to square leg. He wanted the second, gets rightly sent back by Kohli
43.6
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, no run, 144kph, wide yorker outside off, Kohli goes for the drive and gets beaten on the outside edge. 14 off the over! Good comeback after ten off the first two balls
43.5
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, change of pace. A 125kph, shortish ball and although Pandya picked the length early he couldn't spot the slower ball. Gets into a tangle on the shuffle and somehow manages to tuck it to short fine leg
43.5
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, wide, d 145kph, a wide yorker that's outside the tramline, Pandya reaches out but can't put bat on ball. Rightly called a wide
43.4
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, slower ball at 123kph, Pandya spots and muscles the hoick to the right of long-on. Khawaja runs across and puts in a big dive to parry it towards the deep mid-wicket fielder. Saved a certain two there
43.3
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, no run, Cummins goes full at 139kph, down leg and Pandya doesn't connect with his flick. Brushes his pad before going to the keeper
43.2
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, 141kph, short ball marginally outside off. Pandya stays deep in his crease and uses the bowler's pace to good effect. Elevated it wide and over backward point for a one-bounce four. Third man had no chance to stop that
43.1
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, SIX, Pandya goes downtown and collects his third six. A pitched up delivery at 139kph, Pandya slightly moves his left leg away and plays a lofted straight drive. Long-on moved to his left, but could only watch it sail past the ropes
42.6
Zampa to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 92kph, shorter and on the stumps, probably the flipper, Pandya hurriedly pulls it to deep mid-wicket
42.5
Zampa to Hardik Pandya, SIX, six number 2 for Hardik! Pushed through quicker and on leg-stump line, Pandya clears his front leg and slog-sweeps it over deep mid-wicket. Butchered
42.4
Zampa to Hardik Pandya, no run, 93kph, quick leggie just outside off, Pandya cuts it fiercely but straight to backward point
42.3
Zampa to Virat Kohli, 1 run, more flight on this occasion and Kohli gets down on a knee to slog-sweep, gets it off the inside half and the ball rolls through mid-wicket
42.2
Zampa to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, quicker one at 95kph, Pandya gets forward and drives to deep extra cover
42.1
Zampa to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 90kph, flat ball from a short of length, Kohli knocks it to mid-wicket and gives the strike to Hardik Pandya
41.6
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, 134kph, full ball, right in the batsman's arc. Pandya doesn't need second invitations to put it away. Sets a strong base and thumps it over the bowler. Coulter Nile smartly and thankfully ducked under it in his followthrough. Else, would have been nasty
41.5
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, cutter at 120kph, straighter line from Coulter Nile, Kohli moves towards off and closes his bat-face to work it to mid-wicket
41.4
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, no run, 133kph, pitched up delivery, Kohli gets forward and drives it towards extra cover. Kohli probably didn't expect the length to be full
41.3
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, bumper at 139kph, Pandya makes good contact with his pull shot, straight to deep mid-wicket though
41.2
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length delivery, Kohli gets inside the line and tucks it to deep mid-wicket
41.1
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, FOUR, Coulter Nile bowls a length ball at 133kph, Kohli stands tall in his crease and lifts it over wide mid-off. High elbow and the skipper admires his shot
40.6
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fires a short of length delivery wide of off and Kohli slaps it to deep cover
40.5
Maxwell to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, shorter in length, patted wide of extra cover
40.4
Maxwell to Hardik Pandya, SIX, there's Hardik's first six! Should we keep a count of it? Fuller in length and on the stumps, Pandya is down on a knee to get underneath it and then he flogs it over deep mid-wicket. Brute power
40.3
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 90kph, flat and on leg-stump line, worked through mid-wicket and the single brings up Kohli's 50th ODI fifty!
40.2
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, no run, 88kph, goes through with the arm and Kohli is beaten on the outside edge as he looks to play a casual drive
40.1
Maxwell to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, flat ball from a short of length, Pandya gets behind the line of the ball and knocks it through mid-wicket
39.6
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, short ball that keeps a touch low, Hardik Pandya pulls it to deep mid-wicket for a single
39.5
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, no run, slower delivery around off, on a good length and it's been pushed in front of covers by Hardik Pandya
39.4
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, no run, short of a length outside off, Hardik Pandya guides it to point off his back foot
39.3
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, pulled powerfully! This is what he's capable of. Short ball around middle and leg, Pandya eyes the square leg boundary and puts it away to the fence, no need to run for those
39.2
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, no run, back in his crease to nudge the short ball in front of short mid-wicket
39.1
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Kohli punches it off his back foot through cover-point
38.6
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, no run, Pandya being watchful as he steers the back of a length ball to point
38.5
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, 1 run, nudges this one through square leg, just a single
38.4
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, NCN saves a boundary with a dive at deep square leg. Had to cover a lot of ground in order to flick this back in, hence full marks for committment. Kohli had pulled the short ball powerfully and it could have been more than what he actually got for the shot
38.3
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, no run, short in length, shaping away from the batsman who pats it in front of point off his back foot
38.2
Pat Cummins to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, short and wide outside off, Hardik Pandya reaches out for it with a slap to covers, fielder in the deep means it wouldn't be more than a single
38.1
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a length outside off, Kohli steers it down to square third man
37.6
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, slower short ball outside off, Kohli hangs back in his crease and chops it through cover-point
37.5
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length ball outside off, Kohli guides it to point where Maxwell stops it with a dive to his left
37.4
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, drags the short ball through mid-wicket and manages to take two more, does Kohli
37.3
Coulter Nile to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, could have been a golden duck for Pandya! Carey puts down a regulation catch as the all-rounder gets a life. He pokes at a back of a length delivery and got a thick outside edge to Carey. He did get his gloves to it but couldn't hold on to the catch, parrying it away to third man eventually
37.2
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, works this one through square leg for a single
37.1
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length around off, Kohli blocks it
36.6
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, out Caught by (sub)Lyon!! End of a brilliant knock by Shikhar Dhawan! Walks back after getting India in a good command in the match. Looks to go big against this length delivery but fails to get the distance right. Elevates this to deep mid-wicket where Nathan Lyon (sub) takes a safe catch. Standing ovation by the crowd and the Indian players as Shikhar Dhawan returns back to the pavilion wkt (2-220) min (163m). Shikhar Dhawan c (sub)Lyon b Starc 117(109) [4s-16]
36.5
Starc to Virat Kohli, 1 run, carves this back of a length delivery past the fielder at point and takes a single, does Kohli. Third man was quick to get rid of the ball, hence he couldn't take the second
36.4
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, hacks the short ball to deep mid-wicket for another run
36.3
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, back of a length around off, tad slower this time around, Shikhar Dhawan tries to open his face and glide it down to third man, but misses
36.2
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, that's smashed! Touch fuller around middle and leg, tailing into the batsman and Shikhar Dhawan bludgeons it straight over the bowler's head. Had Starc got a hand to this, his career would have been on the line
36.1
Starc to Virat Kohli, 1 run, straying in line, loosener on the pads and it's been clipped through mid-wicket by VK
35.6
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, just Shikhar Dhawan things! Shimmies down the track and swings across against the length delivery wildly. Gets beaten in the process as the ball carries much more than expected
35.5
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, sensible batting as he tucks the short ball through square leg and gets a quick single
35.4
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, FOUR, Kohli showing no respect whatsoever! Waits on his back foot and pulls the short ball through the gap at mid-wicket, ruthless shot
35.3
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length outside off, Kohli chops it to the man at point
35.2
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, leg byes, 1 run short ball at the hips, Shikhar Dhawan looks to drag it into the leg side but the ball clips his body and lobs towards short fine leg
35.1
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, touch fuller around off and it's been pushed to wide mid-off by Kohli, quick single taken
34.6
Starc to Virat Kohli, 1 run, Kohli shuffles across in his crease and works the short ball through mid-wicket, takes a single and keeps strike
34.5
Starc to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Kohli plays it with soft hands, nudged to the right of Starc with a closed bat face
34.4
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, short and slow around off, Shikhar Dhawan waits for it and guides it down to third man. Was in the air but was placed in no man's land and the keeper couldn't reach there either
34.3
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 2 runs, short ball in the channel outside off, Shikhar Dhawan arches back and guides it over backward point, takes two by the time the throw comes in at the keeper's end
34.2
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, back of a length outside off, punched to the man at cover by Shikhar Dhawan
34.1
Starc to Virat Kohli, 1 run, Australian fielding standards have dropped drastically in this match. Kohli pats the back of a length delivery to point where Maxwell misfields and gifts another single, he'll be livid with himself
33.6
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, transfers his weight on to the back foot and works the short ball through mid-wicket
33.5
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, 200 up for India as Shikhar Dhawan nudges the flatter delivery into the gap at mid-wicket
33.4
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, he just keeps getting better! Goes inside-out and chips the tossed up delivery over covers. Right into the vacant region in the deep and that shall be four more
33.3
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, flighted delivery outside off, Shikhar Dhawan drives it straight to cover
33.2
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, Shikhar Dhawan puts on his dancing shoes and gets another boundary. Gets to the pitch of the delivery and lofts it over mid-wicket and beats the fielder at long-on with ease
33.1
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, tossed up delivery around leg, Kohli drives it along the ground to long-on, easy single for India's number 3
32.6
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Stoinis goes for a yorker and Shikhar Dhawan squeezes it back to the bowler. Stoinis leaps in the air and stops it with his right hand
32.6
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, wide, banged short around off but it sails over the batsman's head, wide called by the umpire
32.5
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 1 run, hooks the short ball through mid-wicket and takes a single
32.4
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, Rohit Sharma scored a century against South Africa and it's now time for Shikhar Shikhar Dhawan to do the same - Australia at the receiving end of another Shikhar Dhawan thrashing. He loves England, isn't it? Especially this ground where he has scored his third ODI century. Drove this fullish delivery to mid-off and Kohli was more eager to take the single than his partner. The throw came in at the bowler's end and Kohli put in a dive to get back in. The direct-hit ricochets away and the batsmen trudge in order to change ends. Magnificent knock by the southpaw! Another big first innings score on the cards...
32.3
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, fullish around off and Shikhar Dhawan drives it to the fielder at cover, bit of an anti-climax
32.2
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 1 run, pulls the short ball through mid-wicket and brings back Shikhar Dhawan on strike
32.1
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, FOUR, in the air, but safe! Short in length around off and Kohli pulls it past the fielder at mid-wicket. For a moment his heart would have been in his mouth but it's placed well past the fielder inside the ring, no fielders in the deep either
31.6
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, treks back and punches the short ball down to long-on, beats the fielder inside the ring
31.5
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, back and across in the crease to knock the short ball through the gap at covers, one more to the total
31.4
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, the off-spinner around the off-stump line, Shikhar Dhawan tries to drive it into the off side and mistimes it back to Maxy
31.3
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back in his crease to work into the gap at mid-wicket
31.2
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, no run, flatter around middle and leg, tad shorter and it's been nudged into the leg side, straight to man at square leg
31.1
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, floated delivery by Maxwell around off, Shikhar Dhawan taps it in front of cover-point and scurries across to the bowler's end
30.6
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, excellent running between the wickets! Kohli nudges it in front of deep square leg and scampers back for the second
30.5
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, Stoinis bangs this short around off and Shikhar Dhawan pulls it down to deep mid-wicket, just a single for Shikhar
30.4
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Kohli slices it down to third man and hands over the strike to Shikhar Shikhar Dhawan, he's on 96*
30.3
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, in the channel outside off, fullish delivery that's been driven through covers by Kohli, two runs for the Indian skipper
30.2
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, no run, blocked solidly by Kohli
30.1
Stoinis to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, misfield by Maxwell. Kohli opens his bat face on the drive to point where Maxi fumbles and they will come back for the second
29.6
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, flighted delivery on middle, Shikhar Dhawan waits and defends it stoutly
29.5
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter outside off, Kohli makes room and slashes it square on the off-side
29.4
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, overpitched on off, Shikhar Dhawan bashes it through cover
29.3
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, Shikhar Dhawan is coasting along towards his century here. Freebie from Maxwell, drags it very short and Shikhar Dhawan cashes in by hanging back and muscling it in the gap between deep mid-wicket and deep square leg
29.2
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, tossed up on off, forward and kept out
29.1
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, arm-ball from Maxwell, Shikhar Dhawan was closing his bat face on the flick and misses. Thuds the pads and rolls to cover
28.6
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, no run, nagging line from Cummins, length delivery outside off. Kohli opens his bat face and defends it to point
28.5
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, no run, good length outside off, patted defensively into the off-side
28.4
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, stays back and dinks it to backward point
28.3
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, fortune favours the brave as they say. Danger was written all over this short ball from Cummins. Excellent delivery but Shikhar Dhawan took the challenge and wanted to ramp it over the keeper. But it comes off the toe-end and temptingly falls to the left of Carey. Shikhar Dhawan moves into the nineties
28.2
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, very full from Cummins just outside off, Shikhar Dhawan pushes it to mid-off
28.1
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 2 runs, quick-silver hands from Shikhar Dhawan as he flows into a flashy drive to the left of sweeper cover and earns a brace
27.6
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, sliding on middle and leg, tickled to short fine leg and Virat Kohli hustles through for an urgent single
27.5
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, fires it outside off, Shikhar Dhawan goes deep and scythes it to point where the fielder makes a diving stop
27.4
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, spinning on off, Shikhar Dhawan comes forward and smothers it
27.3
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 92kph, quicker from Maxwell. Kohli pivots back and thrashes it to long-on
27.2
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, long hop, Shikhar Dhawan jumps back and pulls it along the ground to deep mid-wicket
27.1
Maxwell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter and shorter, Kohli stabs it off the back foot to the right of the bowler. Maxwell gets a hand but not enough to prevent the single
26.6
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, whistles in a bouncer that jerks away outside off, Shikhar Dhawan rises on his toes to elevate it over third man, however gets undone by the extra bounce
26.5
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, 1 run, goodish length outside off, steady knock from the crease to sweeper cover
26.4
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, FOUR, first boundary for Kohli. Cummins overdoes it and offers plenty of width outside off, Kohli throws his bat and slices it hard and over point
26.4
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, wide, loosener from Cummins. Loses the plot and sends a length delivery down leg. Kohli looked to get some bat on the pull but failed so in his attempt
26.3
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, no run, gets it much straighter, Kohli bunts it to mid-on
26.2
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, no run, very full outside off, Kohli checks his drive to mid-off
26.1
Pat Cummins to Virat Kohli, no run, fuller length outside off, straightens a bit and also keeps low. Kohli drives away from his body and gets beaten on the inside edge
25.6
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, wow! He's picking the gaps at will. Danced down the track, met the pitch and knew that there was no long-on, so employed some power to loft it over the fielder. He's looking ominous
25.5
Zampa to Virat Kohli, 1 run, googly from Zampa, Kohli props forward and eases it towards point
25.4
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, touch quicker just outside off, shaved softly to square leg
25.3
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, not sure what Zampa is trying here? He's throwing it wider to both batsman. Very predictable and Shikhar Dhawan stretches across and drills it handsomely past extra cover
25.2
Zampa to Virat Kohli, 1 run, juicy floater outside off, Kohli with a fiery slap along the ground to sweeper cover
25.1
Zampa to Virat Kohli, no run, quicker and drifting in, Kohli hurriedly squeezes it to extra cover
24.6
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, cross-seam good length delivery just outside off, Kohli flails his hands at that and creams it to sweeper cover
24.5
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, length delivery just outside off, bottom-handed jab to the right of mid-off
24.4
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, angles it wider of off, Shikhar Dhawan reaches out and dabs it to backward point
24.3
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortens his length outside off, Kohli forces it off the back foot to sweeper cover
24.2
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, fluent drive, pinging it off the middle to sweeper cover
24.1
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, stunning take by Carey but has it come off the bat? He says it's off the thigh pad and he's right. Back of a length and nipping on leg, Shikhar Dhawan tries to glance it but can't connect due to the excess bounce extracted by NCN. Straight off the thigh pad..
23.6
Zampa to Virat Kohli, no run, darted full, dipping late as Kohli jams it to mid-on
23.5
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, googly, spinning away outside off. Shikhar Dhawan camps back and punches it to long-off
23.4
Zampa to Virat Kohli, 1 run, uses his soft hands and steers it to cover
23.3
Zampa to Virat Kohli, no run, 85kph, floats it up on middle, Kohli gets low and bunts it to mid-wicket
23.2
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, wristy clip through mid-wicket
23.1
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 2 runs, looped up by Zampa, Shikhar Dhawan takes his front leg out of the way and lifts it half-heartedly over the bowler's head. Intended it go over mid-on but sort of miscued it but still will pick up a couple of runs as long-off sprints across and cuts it off
22.6
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, no run, scrambled seam delivery, teasing Kohli outside off. Wisely left alone
22.5
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, no run, straightish from Coulter Nile, Kohli gets in-line and wrists it to mid-wicket
22.4
Coulter Nile to Virat Kohli, no run, greets Kohli with a pitched up delivery, moving away outside off. With slip in place, Kohli resists against the drive and leaves
22.3
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, out Caught by Carey!! Finally, finally Australia find the breakthrough and it's NCN, who's blown hot and cold today picks up the all important wicket of Rohit. Pin-drop silence in the crowd as expected. Two dot balls and Rohit gets a bit fidgety. This was banged in short outside off and climbed sharply off the deck, Rohit doesn't get on top of the bounce and tries to open his bat face belatedly. But it gets big on him and all he could do was edge it behind to Carey's right. Smart catch from the wicket-keeper. It was also the cross-seam delivery and Rohit was tricked by the steep bounce, as simple as that. Anyway, he's done his job and it's over to the Indian skipper wkt (1-127) min (101m). Rohit c Carey b Coulter Nile 57(70) [4s-3 6s-1]
22.2
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run, twirling of the wrists from Rohit hoping to find the gap on the leg-side but mid-wicket circles around to mop it up
22.1
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run, length delivery, keeping it around off. Rohit is on the back foot and pokes it to cover
21.6
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 89kph, tossed up outside off and Rohit plunges forward and pushes it away to sweeper cover
21.5
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, flighted on middle, Shikhar Dhawan crouches low and turns it to mid-wicket
21.4
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, wrong 'un from Zampa, Shikhar Dhawan reads it and defends it back to the bowler
21.3
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 83kph, slower but dropped short. Rohit lines up for the pull but it didn't quite arrive liked he would've liked. So pulls it with ugly efficiency to deep mid-wicket, it hurries off the turf but NCN is alert enough to collect it on the bounce
21.2
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, worked with the spin through mid-wicket
21.1
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 2 runs, very poor delivery from Zampa, too short and wide of off, Shikhar Dhawan latches onto it and flays the cut through backward point. NCN in the deep runs across to his left and makes a sliding stop
20.6
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, swinging in, ends up as a low full toss and Shikhar Dhawan duly flicks it away to deep mid-wicket
20.5
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, Starc bends his back and digs it short outside off, Rohit hops back and punches it crisply to sweeper cover
20.4
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, drifting on middle and leg, Rohit clips it astutely in the gap at mid-wicket and it's two more..
20.3
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, Starc overpitches a tad outside off and Rohit drives it sublimely through extra cover and picks up a couple of runs
20.2
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, fullish outside off, Rohit leans into a half-hearted push to mid-off
20.1
Starc to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, consecutive 50-plus scores for Rohit Sharma. Looks up skywards and thanks the heavens. The Indian captain in the dressing room claps rapidly as well. It's his 42nd ODI fifty and he's reached it in some fine style. Short and tagged with width, Rohit goes deep and crashes it past point. Nobody is stopping those and the Indian fans are loving every bit of it at the Oval
19.6
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Rohit opens the face of the bat and drivs it to sweeper cover
19.5
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, moves to the off-side and taps it wide of backward point. It was pushed with soft hands and he will take a single
19.4
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, wow! He is reading the mind of Stoinis. He knew last one was a short one so this will be fuller. And he was ready for it. Came forward and lofts it over cover with utter disdain. It canters to the fence
19.3
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, that's a terrible delivery. It was short and was down the leg-side, Shikhar Dhawan won't miss out on those. He got himself inside the line of the ball and pulled it fine of fine leg for a boundary
19.2
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, wanted to guide it past backward point but finds Maxwell there. He fumbles a bit and that allows Rohit to take a run
19.1
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Rohit nudges it to the on-side
18.6
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, just four singles in Starc's over. 100 comes up for India! They are looking very strong. It was a fuller length delivery on the stumps and Rohit clips it wide of fine leg to retain strike
18.5
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, this one was down the leg-side and Shikhar Dhawan tucks it to deep square leg for a single
18.4
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, short of length delivery attacking the stumps, Shikhar Dhawan jumps in the crease and defends it to the off-side
18.3
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Rohit flicks it to deep square leg
18.2
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Rohit was touch late in getting his bat down. He defends it to keeper
18.1
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Shikhar Dhawan taps it to the off-side and collects a single. He knows Australia have brought back Starc to take wickets and he is not going to attack him. Such maturity!
17.6
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, charges down the ground on this delivery, Stoinis dishes it wide of off and he punches it to the off-side for a single
17.5
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a good length and on th stumps, Rohit tucks it into the on-side for a single
17.4
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, ICC tournaments and Shikhar Shikhar Dhawan: The love story continues! He has taken his time and has attacked after getting his eye in. Wears a bright smile on face after reaching the landmark. It was a full-toss on the stumps and he pushes it wide of mid-off for a single
17.3
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, 2 runs, Shikhar Dhawan shuffles to the off-side, Stoinis chases him and throws it well wide of off. Shikhar Dhawan had to reach for it and he punched it wide of cover for a brace
17.2
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 128 kph delivery on the body, Rohit swivels and pulls it to fine leg
17.1
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run, 122 kph delivery on the stumps, Rohit works it to the on-side
16.6
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, very full and wide of off, Rohit takes a semi-stride forward, pushes it wide of cover and charges for a single. These two are excellent when it comes to running between the wickets
16.5
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Rohit stays put and defends it to the off-side
16.4
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, short of length delivery targeting the body, Shikhar Dhawan jumps in the crease and tucks it wide of square leg
16.3
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Rohit guides it to third man
16.2
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run, defends it to the off-side
16.1
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, SIX, Rohit Sharma's pull shots are a delight to watch! It was a well-directed bumper on the face, Rohit takes it on and deposits it over fine leg fence for a maximum. Brilliant connection!
15.6
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, fuller and just wide of off, Shikhar Dhawan comes forward and drives it straight to cover
15.5
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 129 kph delivery around hip height, Rohit pulls it wide of fine leg
15.4
Stoinis to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Rohit comes forward and pushes it with a straight bat to mid-on
15.3
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, on a good length and around off, Shikhar Dhawan runs it down to third man. They are doing it smartly!
15.2
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, defended to the off-side
15.1
Stoinis to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, 130 kph on a short of length, all too easy for Shikhar Dhawan at that pace. He gets in a good position quickly and ramps it over the head of the keeper for a boundary. Good connection!
14.6
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run, Coulter Nile drags his length back this time, Rohit jumps in the crease a bit to get in line. He wanted to steer it wide of backward point, Maxwell there puts in a dive and stops it from going further
14.5
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and around off, Rohit guides it straight to backward point
14.4
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, steers it to third man to rotate strike
14.3
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, that was a lively bumper it jumped viciously off the deck. Shikhar Dhawan had no clue about it, he was neither in a position to duck or pull. It clipped his top-edge and sailed over the keeper's head for a boundary through fine leg. Shikhar Dhawan would consider himself very lucky!
14.2
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Shikhar Dhawan clips it straight to mid-wicket
14.1
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a length and around off, Rohit opens the face of the blade and steers it down to third man
13.6
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, leggie on a fuller length, it was wide of off. Rohit comes on the front foot and drives it to sweeper cover
13.5
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, this was shorter, Zampa is struggling with his lengths at the moment. Rohit goes back, crouches low and pulls it wide of deep square leg for a brace
13.4
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, now, Shikhar Dhawan uses his feet. Both batsmen are trying to unsettle Zampa here. Shikhar Dhawan punches it down the ground
13.3
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, Rohit comes forward, converts it into a full-toss and eases it to long-on
13.2
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, tossed up, it was on the stumps and on that fuller length. Shikhar Dhawan flicks it to deep mid-wicket
13.1
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, very full and attacking the stumps, Rohit drives it to long-on
12.6
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, 88 kph delivery, it was down the leg-side and Shikhar Dhawan nudges it to short fine
12.5
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, offie starts around off and ends up on middle, Rohit goes back, opens the face of the bat and defends it to point
12.4
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, nudges it to the on-side for another single
12.3
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, goes back and tucks it to square leg for a single
12.2
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run, defends it back, Maxwell collects and attempts a direct hit at the non striker's end with a back-flick. Shikhar Dhawan would have been in trouble had he hit that
12.1
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, now, the class of Rohit! Incredible shot! Maxwell overpitches, Rohit opens the face of the bat beautifully, the timing was stellar and it raced off the bat for a boundary through third man
11.6
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, leggie on a fuller length, Rohit takes a good stride forward and knocks it down the ground to retain strike
11.5
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, no run, that's the length Zampa! On a fuller length and around off, Rohit plunges forward and pushes it to the off-side
11.4
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Shikhar Dhawan works it wide of mid-on for a single
11.3
Zampa to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, deft touch! There was not enough room for Shikhar Dhawan but he manufactures his own room, waits for it to arrive and just dabs it wide of short third for a boundary
11.2
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, now, he overcompensates, dishes out a full-toss down the leg-side and Rohit clips it to the on-side
11.1
Zampa to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, terrible start from Zampa! It was short and was on the body, easy pickings for Rohit. He rocks back and powers it wide of deep square leg for a boundary
10.6
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, this one came back in again, Shikhar Dhawan was slightly late to it. It clips his inside edge and went back to Carey. Decent start from Maxwell!
10.5
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, bit of turn again for Maxwell, it ends up down the leg-side and Rohit nudges it fine of short fine for a single
10.4
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run, some spin for Maxwell, KulCha will like that. It starts around off and ends up on the stumps, Rohit defends it to the leg-side
10.3
Maxwell to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, this one comes back in off the deck, Shikhar Dhawan goes deep in the crease and taps it to the off-side
10.2
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, offie on the pads, Rohit tucks it to deep square leg and collects a single
10.1
Maxwell to Rohit Sharma, no run, this one skids off the deck, Rohit played inside the line and it defeates his outside edge. Good start from Maxwell!
9.6
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, good comeback from NCN, short of a good length and just outside off, dabbed with an open face towards backward point
9.5
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Coulter Nile follows Shikhar Dhawan as he backed away, no room to free his arms and the chop ends up in backward point's hands
9.4
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Shikhar Dhawan takes his bottom-hand off on the cut, finds Maxwell at backward point with the chop
9.3
Coulter Nile to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, Rohit stands tall and punches it to the left of Warner at mid-off
9.2
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Shikhar Dhawan plays with an open face and runs it towards Zampa at short third man - a slight fumble and Rohit is alert to call his partner across for a quick single
9.1
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, short of a length and just outside off, Shikhar Dhawan prods across and defends it to the off-side
8.6
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rohit prods half-forward and blocks
8.5
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, nicely played, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, he shuffled across early and worked it wide of Finch at mid-on for a single
8.4
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, on a good length and just outside off, defended with an open face towards backward point
8.3
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a length and at the stumps, tucked in front of square on the on-side for a single
8.2
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, short of a length and on Shikhar Dhawan's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
8.1
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, that's nasty from Cummins, shortened his length from a cross-seam and it took off from a length - Shikhar Dhawan was pressing forward on the defensive push and is totally taken aback - fends it away awkwardly and is lucky that the ball bounced right in front of him
7.6
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, on a good length and well outside off, steered away behind square on the off-side for a single - 14 from Coulter Nile's first over
7.5
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Shikhar Dhawan, hint of width outside off, Shikhar Dhawan waits on it and then cuts it late - threads the gap between gully and backward point - rolls away to the boundary
7.4
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, short, wide and four, Coulter Nile is releasing all the pressure that had been created by Starc and Cummins - width on offer and Shikhar Dhawan crashes it through cover-point
7.4
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, wide, Coulter Nile attempts the slower ball, but slides this one down leg-side, called as a wide after Shikhar Dhawan missed his pull
7.3
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, first signs of aggression and Shikhar Dhawan finds the ropes, runs down the track, closes the bat-face on this drive and hits it back past the non-striker, wide of mid-off and rolls away to the ropes
7.2
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, tad fuller and wider of off, Shikhar Dhawan plays close to his body as he punches it to cover-point
7.1
Coulter Nile to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Shikhar Dhawan eases across and finds cover-point with the push
6.6
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rohit leans forward and defends it towards cover
6.5
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, tad fuller and just outside off, Shikhar Dhawan looks to drive and gets an inside edge - wide of mid-on for a single
6.4
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, appeal for a caught behind and Australia decide against a review - excellent short ball from Cummins, well-directed as well, short and at Shikhar Dhawan's body, he was swivelling across on the pull and was clearly late onto it, might have brushed his shirt on its way to the keeper
6.3
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Shikhar Dhawan plays with soft hands and defends it to the off-side
6.2
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Cummins shortens his length and drifts it onto Shikhar Dhawan's pads, he hops across and finds square leg with the clip
6.1
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Shikhar Dhawan stands tall and finds cover-point with the cut
5.6
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Rohit had to reach out on the cut and that messes up his timing - more off the bottom half as the ball rolled towards cover-point
5.5
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Rohit leans forward and pushes it towards mid-off
5.4
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of a length and angling across the right-hander, defended with a closed face towards backward point
5.3
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller length delivery on Rohit's pads, neatly nudged to the left of mid-wicket where Coulter Nile moves across swiftly and prevents a single
5.2
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, nicely played by Rohit, tad too short and too straight from Starc, on the pads and Rohit brings his wrists into play, clips it past square leg and comes back for the second run
5.1
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, leg byes, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Shikhar Dhawan's pads, he was looking to flick and missed, off the pads and rolled towards square leg
4.6
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, tad too straight from Cummins, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
4.5
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, beautifully played, that should get Shikhar Dhawan going - tad too full and wide of off, Shikhar Dhawan leans into the drive and places it into the gap wide of extra-cover, the timing is sweet and the ball rolls away across the fast outfield
4.4
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Cummins shortens his length around off, Shikhar Dhawan hops across, rides the bounce and keeps it down
4.3
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, that's a corker, turned Shikhar Dhawan inside out and he's lucky that he didn't edge it. Fraction fuller and it kept going away with the angle, Shikhar Dhawan was lining up the mid-wicket boundary with the flick, closed the bat-face and was through with the shot, past the outside edge
4.2
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, good tight start from Cummins, shortens his length and at the stumps, defended back at the bowler
4.1
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 2 runs, on a good length and at the stumps, Shikhar Dhawan leans across, plays with a closed face and finds the gap wide of mid-on, comes back for the second run
3.6
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit isn't picking Starc's pace at the moment, short and angling into his body - was looking to play the pick-up pull, Rohit, but the pace is too much for him, hits him on the thigh-pad and rolls to to the on-side
3.5
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, fraction short and wide of off, cracked away behind square on the off-side - Maxwell tumbles to his right and makes a half-stop, saved three runs for his team
3.4
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, this is excellent bowling from Starc - followed the bouncer with a searing yorker on off, Shikhar Dhawan managed to jam his bat down and squeezed it out - rolled back towards the bowler and Shikhar Dhawan didn't have a clue - took a couple of steps searching for the ball and then has to scamper back
3.3
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, the bouncer from Starc, Shikhar Dhawan watched it all along and then swayed away from the line, was bowled at 149 kmph
3.2
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, dabbed with an open face towards third man for a single
3.1
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Rohit stays behind the line and defends it towards mid-off
2.6
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Cummins shortens his length outside off, Shikhar Dhawan plays with soft hands towards cover - Rohit wanted a single but is sensibly sent back by his partner
2.5
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, edged, this is a streaky start from the Indians, pitched up and in that channel around off, drew Rohit into the drive, went with fairly hard hands and the edge runs wide of second slip
2.4
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, short and wide of off, Rohit rode the bounce on the cut and finds Maxwell at backward point - either side of him and it could have been the first boundary of the day
2.3
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, Cummins shortens his length outside off, Rohit presses across and nudges it to mid-on
2.2
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, edged, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, Shikhar Dhawan was looking to defend with an open face, squirted it past the second slip for a single
2.1
Pat Cummins to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Cummins shortens his length on off, Shikhar Dhawan prods across and defends it back at the bowler
1.6
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of a length and on Rohit's pads, the right-hander saw the length and lined up for the pull, beaten for pace and is struck high on the thigh-pad
1.5
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, leg byes, 1 run, Starc hasn't found the right line for the left-hander, angles this one onto Shikhar Dhawan's pads, he was looking to flick and missed, brushed his pads and rolled towards square leg for a leg-bye
1.4
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a length and around the off-stump channel, Rohit pushes it to the left of mid-wicket and scampers across for a quick single
1.3
Starc to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, half-a-chance and Coulter Nile has put down Rohit, on a good length and on Rohit's pads, he shuffled across and didn't bother to keep the flick along the ground - to the right of mid-wicket, Coulter Nile moved across and then leapt with his right hand - only to palm it over - would have matched Stokes's effort earlier in the tournament had he held on
1.2
Starc to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of a length and going across the right-hander with the angle, Rohit covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
1.1
Starc to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, a gentle loosener from Starc, short of a length and on Shikhar Dhawan's pads, he drops it in front of square leg and calls his partner through for a quick single
0.6
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length and just outside off, no room for Rohit to free his arms, he presses across and clips it to mid-on
0.5
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of a length and in that channel outside off, Rohit gets behind the line and defends it to the off-side
0.4
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, fraction fuller and at the stumps, Rohit prods across and defends it to mid-on
0.3
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, Rohit is off and running, pitched up and in that channel outside off, he leant into the drive, played with an open face and found the gap square of point, back for the second run
0.2
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, Cummins shortens his length on off, Rohit prods across and defends it back at the bowler
0.1
Pat Cummins to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller length delivery and in that channel outside off, Rohit covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go. More importantly, the ball bounces through to the keeper
Commentary
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,Adam Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shikhar Dhawan,Bhuvneshwar Kumar,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
