49.6
Rabada to Plunkett, 1 run, 141kph, high yorker. Plunkett moves away, stabs it away to extra cover .. 311 is all it will be
49.5
Rabada to Plunkett, 2 runs, 139kph, yorker on middle. Dug out through square leg, and they'll scamper
49.4
Rabada to Jofra Archer, 1 run, 122kph, short, shoulder-high, but Archer looks sideways as he pulls it in front of square
49.3
Rabada to Jofra Archer, 2 runs, pitched up on the stumps, he'll whip it with enough bottom-hand to get it into the empty cow corner
49.2
Rabada to Jofra Archer, FOUR, 114kph. Nice sitter outside off, but Archer makes it all the more beautiful, extending his bat swing on the cover drive. Ahh, elegance in times of the death ..
49.1
Rabada to Plunkett, 1 run, angling into the legs, turned away in front of square
48.6
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, out Caught by Amla!! Too extravagant. Stokes was losing it here, going too hard at everything without success. And so he tries to reverse-pull this, but Ngidi continues taking pace off, hence leading to a loss in shape, early through the shot in spooning it straight to short third man wkt (8-300) min (132m). Stokes (27)  c Amla b Lungi Ngidi 89(79) [4s-9]
48.5
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, no run, 115kph, continues walking around in his crease, this time exposing hsi stumps and then hoicking too hard, so hard that he loses all shape, all timing and the ball sneaks through
48.4
Lungi Ngidi to Plunkett, 1 run, pitched up, clubbed down the ground .. 300's here
48.3
Lungi Ngidi to Plunkett, no run, cutter, clearly outside the wide line outside off, but the umpire's not impressed with Plunkett walking across his stumps early enough to reach out to this
48.2
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, shuffles away, dragging the flat-bat to mid-off
48.1
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, FOUR, nah, too brave. Slips into the legs with fine leg in the circle. And Stokes swipes it away, with enough on it to run it wide of that guy
47.6
Rabada to Plunkett, FOUR, the desperate pull. Short, right on the badge and Plunkett looks elsewhere, swatting, but helps it away into an empty backward square leg
47.5
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, 123kph, hops, in an airborne pull through mid-wicket
47.4
Rabada to Stokes, FOUR, slower bouncer. Stokes has to reach for it as well, but has enough power to slap it through the practice pitches, under extra cover's dive
47.3
Rabada to Woakes, out Caught by Fafdu Plessis!! Follows the bumper with the heavy length. Woakes will swat, he has to, and goes so hard that he ends up losing shape, giving Faf - at long-on once again - something he can take without running and falling around. South Africa are tightening this perfectly wkt (7-285) min (24m). Woakes c Fafdu Plessis b Rabada 13(14) [4s-1]
47.2
Rabada to Woakes, no run, 139kph, quick bouncer at the head. Woakes tries moving away, upper-ramping, but Rabada is just too fast to even connect
47.1
Rabada to Stokes, leg byes, 1 run, 139kph, oooh, fiery yorker. Stokes just cannot jam his bat down in time, taking the blow on his left ankle that helps it run away to fine leg. But, but why not review and waste some time - only to be told that it's pitching way, way down leg
46.6
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, no run, 123kph, proper yorker. Woakes digs - actually not bump-balling - it back down the pitch to a diving Phehlukwayo, who's low dive can still not avoid catching it on the half volley. Yeah, the third umpire confirms
46.5
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, 1 run, moves away, Phehlukwayo follows him in. And they settle in a cramped slog to deep mid-wicket
46.4
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, 1 run, 123kph, full toss. Whipped, more of a check, long-on
46.3
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, 2 runs, crisply punched through the line off the front foot through the covers
46.3
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, wide, the wide outside off plan goes wrong, knuckle-ball wrong
46.2
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, 1 run, 111kph, crouches, waiting to heave it behind square. Once again, Stokes can't find his timing
46.2
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, wide, goes wrong again. 136kph. Loses his wrist down leg now
46.1
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, 1 run, low full toss outside off, sliced away to backward point, a diving Amla
46.1
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, wide, now, now. In trying to get Woakes to stretch and reach out outside off, Phehlukwayo ends up cutting the line of the pitch as well
45.6
Rabada to Woakes, 1 run, full, middle-lined. Woakes clears out his front leg to drill it - without a lot of control - down to cow corner
45.5
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, 140kph, nails the blockhole. Jammed, wristily, long-on
45.5
Rabada to Stokes, wide, short, left. And Stokes' stare will finally get him that extra
45.4
Rabada to Woakes, 1 run, 113kph, onto the back foot in punching it through the covers
45.3
Rabada to Woakes, FOUR, bumper with pace. Woakes goes away, upper-cutting it over backward point. Too brave a length to be trying at this stage, and Rabada isn't getting away this
45.2
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, smashes a high full toss, bang onto Rabada's knee deflecting it away to mid-off. Not a muscle flinches .. also, given how harsh we are, it's a dropped catch
45.1
Rabada to Woakes, 1 run, driven uppishly, almost slicing it as he does over cover-point
44.6
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, 2 runs, 126kph, pitched up just outside off. Stokes does this surgically -- walking across, walking into it and then flicking it ever so softly, through square leg
44.5
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, 1 run, 126kph, short again, rib-lined you'd say. Pulled, round the corner
44.4
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, 1 run, 106kph, walks across in trying to open up fine leg. Tickles, but Quinton's quick to intercept this
44.3
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, 1 run, 126kph, cramps him for room again, off a good length now. Squeezed punch backward of point
44.2
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, no run, 123kph, short, too close to be cutting, ending up in a cramped under-chop onto the pitch
44.1
Phehlukwayo to Woakes, no run, good length, just outside off, defended away to cover
43.6
Lungi Ngidi to Moeen Ali, out Caught by Fafdu Plessis!! It's bang in the slot, but such has been Moeen's troubled stay out here that he can barely connect. He clears out his front leg, swings across the line in an attemptd tonk over long-on. Drags off the inside, flying to Faf's - long-on's - left, reverse-cupping a diving-across take. So South Africa, amidst some good striking, keep puncturing this English quest wkt (6-260) min (13m). Moeen Ali c Fafdu Plessis b Lungi Ngidi 3(9)
43.5
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, 113kph, goes reverse in trying to lap it over short fine leg. But the length's short, the ball's not coming on at all - to end up off the cue-end to cover
43.4
Lungi Ngidi to Moeen Ali, 1 run, aaand he'll connect. Pulling it off his tummy through mid-wicket
43.3
Lungi Ngidi to Moeen Ali, no run, 115kph, dragged down, but still foxing Moeen with the pace - who now is early on the pull, not worth a connect yet again
43.2
Lungi Ngidi to Moeen Ali, no run, seriously well-hidden floated up tease. Moeen HAS to go after, obliges with a big drive, missing just as big-ly
43.1
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, 113kph, spits off a back of a length - and Stokes after recovering from the shock of the bounce on this, manages to fend it behind point
42.6
Tahir to Moeen Ali, no run, darts in off the pitch, going straight on from the front of his hand. Moeen wafts off the back foot, all of it inside the line
42.5
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, slider, gives Stokes the room to slap it square
42.4
Tahir to Stokes, 2 runs, full toss. Stokes waits, checking his flick, cutely in front of the longest cow corner boundary. That'll help in a couple
42.3
Tahir to Stokes, 2 runs, leans in now, head-on-ball as he clips it in front of square
42.2
Tahir to Moeen Ali, 1 run, slow leggie, spinning in with Ali rocking behind after the initial forward press to punch it through the covers
42.1
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, tries a checked flick into leg, ends up a little too early into it for a leading edge through extra cover
41.6
Lungi Ngidi to Moeen Ali, no run, 112kph, neat high elbows, knocking it away from his body to point
41.5
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, 113kph, a tad short, angling across. Wristy stab, guiding it to short third man
41.5
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, wide, asd09kph, yet another off-cutter, only outside the tramline outside off and then spinning further away
41.4
Lungi Ngidi to Moeen Ali, 1 run, 120kph, off-cutting good length on middle. A waiting tap in front of cover, quick legs
41.3
Lungi Ngidi to Moeen Ali, no run, 134kph, back of a length on the ribs. Moeen's waiting on the back foot for a short one - typically - to steer this away to point
41.2
Lungi Ngidi to Buttler, out Bowled!! An overdose of slower cutters and Buttler will finally mistime. Short, enticing a pull and Buttler was always game for it as he walks across, goes flat-batted in a pull. Obviously early - chopping it onto leg, so much so that it uproots wkt (5-247) min (21m). Buttler b Lungi Ngidi 18(16)
41.1
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, 113kph, off-cutter, full, Stokes walks across his stumps to power it down to long-on
40.6
Tahir to Buttler, 2 runs, moves away, carving the width through point
40.5
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, flat, short, skidding in, punched down the ground
40.4
Tahir to Stokes, FOUR, the googly goes wrong. Stokes' already made room, and then the length's a friendly drag down as well for an easy cut backward of point, teasing sweeper all the way through
40.3
Tahir to Buttler, 1 run, back, away, staying beside in a cover punch
40.2
Tahir to Buttler, 2 runs, loopy low full toss, drifting into the legs. Clipped wide of long-on, wide enough to pinch another brace
40.1
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, steps down, too close but has good bottom-hand in this drilling this whip down to long-on
39.6
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, 109kph. Continues taking pace off, making Stokes wait on his cut-turned-slap, again not off the middle, skewing out to long-off
39.5
Lungi Ngidi to Buttler, 1 run, 115kph, another slower mix-up, perhaps an off-cutter, sitting up outside off. Punched through the line, sweeper
39.4
Lungi Ngidi to Buttler, 2 runs, 130kph, short again. Buttler swivels on the pull, deep mid-wicket
39.3
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, shorter, but doesn't come on as expected for Stokes' pull, eventually turning into a mistimed drag to short mid-wicket's left
39.2
Lungi Ngidi to Buttler, 1 run, 121kph, another walk down, tries another tickle, but gets a lot of bat on it in the process, with the tickle ending up being a nudge to square leg. They take on Amla and his under-arm chucks, and it always looks good when there's no direct hit
39.1
Lungi Ngidi to Buttler, 2 runs, 116kph, back of a length, nipping in, which Buttler walks into and tickles fine off his hips
38.6
Tahir to Buttler, 1 run, rocks behind, gets away and knocks it down to long-on. It's the calm, and the storm's brewing somewhere ..
38.5
Tahir to Buttler, no run, skidding in on a length, Buttler steers it away to cover
38.4
Tahir to Buttler, 2 runs, quite full, allowing Buttler a stretch and a caress, once again, that overworked sweeper
38.3
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, backs away, punching it then through sweeper
38.2
Tahir to Buttler, 1 run, chipped back. Sticks in the pitch, with Buttler then meekly flicking it off the inside half down the pitch, ballooning just past Tahir's fly to his right
38.1
Tahir to Buttler, no run, loopy leg-break. Buttler gets out a stride, defending
37.6
Rabada to Stokes, no run, neatly disguised. 119kph, dug into the pitch and looping over an earlier-committed on the cut, turning into a leaving Stokes
37.5
Rabada to Buttler, 1 run, 142kph, the quicker bouncer. Neatly pulled, round the corner
37.4
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, 120kph, goes short in the off-pace. Stokes hopes, carving it away through point
37.3
Rabada to Buttler, 1 run, length, top of off, Buttler opens up his defence, steering it through sweeper
37.2
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, short, shoulder-high, does well to keep his pull along the ground to fine leg
37.1
Rabada to Buttler, 1 run, tight. Unnecessary. 136kph, on the body and Buttler taps it softly in front of cover. They call. So what if it's Markram, and very, very luckily for them, he doesn't nail the direct hit
36.6
Tahir to Stokes, no run, leans to the pitch of it in a defensive push-out to cover
36.5
Tahir to Morgan, out Caught by Markram!! A miscue - yes. But run all you want Tahir, it's Markram's steal here. So Morgan takes on the flight, running down the pitch in an attempted lofted hoick into long-on, but in the process gets too close for comfort, eventually dragging his shot off the under-half of his bat. Markram - at long-on's boundary - spots, runs in, to his right and then judges the dive getting him under it perfectly wkt (4-217) min (73m). Morgan c Markram b Tahir 57(60) [4s-4 6s-3]
36.4
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, carved away, staying well leg-sided of the line to mid-off
36.3
Tahir to Stokes, no run, proper rank full toss. And Stokes - reliving his IPL days - smashes it right onto his knee. To Tahir's credit, it dips quickly, takes the under-edge on the slog .. and flush
36.2
Tahir to Morgan, 1 run, spinning back in onto middle. Morgan rocks, makes room and slaps it square
36.1
Tahir to Morgan, 2 runs, presses forward, driving it through the line, wide of long-off to pinch two
35.6
Pretorius to Stokes, no run, length, fifth-stumped, chopped hard, but can't beat point
35.5
Pretorius to Stokes, FOUR, woah, some extravaganza this. So with QdK up, Stokes reverses, sits and then very delicately sticks out an opened up bat face to lap it past, fine. Yea, the fifty's just as fine
35.4
Pretorius to Stokes, FOUR, walks down, no jump down, takes the ball right in his slot and whips it uppishly over mid-wicket
35.3
Pretorius to Stokes, no run, shuffles all the way across to try and scoop it over. Alas, too much of a premeditate to connect, was just too short a length to
35.2
Pretorius to Stokes, FOUR, 107kph. Wide slower ball, Stokes waits, stretches, reaches out for it and then slices, although with the bat turning in his palm, and off the toe-end too -- but that'll never matter with mid-off in the circle
35.1
Pretorius to Morgan, 1 run, 130kph, angling in from round the wicket, tummy-lined, and dabbed off it to third man
34.6
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, no run, 127kph, the perfct sucking yorker. Dipping a millimeter from off with Stokes getting foxed by the loop, unable to jam it out
34.5
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, 1 run, hip-lined, pulled with a swivel, fine leg
34.4
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, 1 run, 130kph, short, perhaps dragged shorter with Phehlukwayo spotting Stokes charging down the track. Swatted away eventually, deep extra cover
34.3
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, 2 runs, tails straight into the pads - just the overcompensate - which Stokes goes with quick hard hands at in swishing it away behind square
34.2
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, FOUR, now luck. 133kph. Stokes steps out, steps away but swinging his bat in an attempted smash through the covers all the way through. But then will end up with a thick outside edge, flying through the empty cordon
34.1
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, no run, 131kph, width, but Stokes' from-the-crease slash can only get him a toe-end away to short third man
33.6
Pretorius to Stokes, 1 run, finger roller, Stokes makes room and carves the drive square of the wicket, just a single
33.5
Pretorius to Morgan, 1 run, fullish and outside off, Morgan drives sans timing to sweeper cover
33.4
Pretorius to Stokes, 1 run, once more the length is dragged back as Stokes gives the charge, knocked to mid-off for a quick single
33.3
Pretorius to Morgan, 1 run, back of a length around off, Morgan waits to steer it to short third man
33.2
Pretorius to Stokes, 1 run, angled in from round the wicket, Stokes has a forward press and a push to long-on
33.1
Pretorius to Stokes, no run, shimmies down the wicket and is followed by a full delivery, flicked to mid-wicket
32.6
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, very full and close to yorker length, dug out to Duminy at point
32.5
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, charges down and does not have the room to open his arms, directed to backward point
32.4
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, fuller and around off, Morgan drives crisply and finds mid-off
32.3
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, FOUR, fifty for Morgan. Just the start for him in this World Cup. The whole team are up to applaud and Morgan responds with a bat raise. Phehlukwayo can't believe that this has gone to the boundary. Morgan does not get hold of the pull shot but he placed it expertly - right between fine leg and deep square leg
32.2
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, shortens the length to Morgan and keeps it close to his body, turned to mid-wicket
32.1
Phehlukwayo to Stokes, 1 run, angling in from round the wicket, Stokes knocks it to long-on
31.6
Markram to Morgan, no run, fraction short and close to off, Morgan cuts and finds backward point in the way
31.5
Markram to Morgan, SIX, this was on the cards. Markram had done a good job for two overs and it was upto to someone else to carry forward the pressure. Morgan kneels down and allows the dart to come in, then swings across the line and sends the ball many a miles into the deep mid-wicket region
31.4
Markram to Morgan, no run, quicker and on off-stump, Morgan knocks it down the wicket
31.3
Markram to Stokes, 1 run, tossed up just outside off, Stokes eases it to long-off
31.2
Markram to Stokes, FOUR, just wide of Rabada. Something had to give with the scoring rate dropping. Stokes decides to take on Markram and lofts inside out towards long-off, Rabada ran to his right and dived full length, but the ball just evaded him
31.1
Markram to Stokes, no run, sliding on and Stokes can't meet with the flick, rapped on the pads but the ball was heading down leg
30.6
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, excellent over. Just the wide off it. Fuller and outside off, Morgan pushes it meekly to cover
30.5
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, back of a length on off, Morgan hops and drops it into the leg-side. The clock is ticking..
30.4
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, good length ball on off, Morgan bunts it back down the wicket. Just a wide off the four balls..
30.4
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, wide, in an attempt to provide no room, Phehlukwayo sprays it down leg, Morgan can't connect with the pull but he will get a wide in return
30.3
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, keeps it tight - close to the batsman, Morgan can only turn it to mid-wicket
30.2
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, advances down the wicket and does not get the desired length, he tries to steer it to third man but is beaten on the outside edge
30.1
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, round the wicket, fuller and around off, Morgan defends down the wicket
29.6
Markram to Morgan, 1 run, fast and on the stumps, Morgan whips it to long-on. Markram has bowled a couple of quiet overs. Should Faf give him a third over?
29.5
Markram to Morgan, no run, flatter and skidding on, Morgan cuts and finds backward point perfectly
29.4
Markram to Stokes, 1 run, slows it up to Stokes, who opens himself up and drives to long-off
29.3
Markram to Morgan, 1 run, he's pushing 'em through now, Morgan chops it wide of point and crosses over
29.2
Markram to Morgan, no run, quickish delivery at 94kph, Morgan makes room and punches it to cover
29.1
Markram to Morgan, no run, drifting in from round the wicket, Morgan presses forward and defends
28.6
Tahir to Morgan, 1 run, fuller and outside off, driven away to sweeper cover
28.5
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, flighted on middle, Stokes turns it with the spin past mid-wicket
28.4
Tahir to Stokes, FOUR, dragged down coupled with width, Stokes had ample time to pick his spot, he goes right back and punches it powerfully past cover. No chance for the sweeper to get there
28.3
Tahir to Stokes, no run, slower and around off, Stokes defends to cover
28.2
Tahir to Morgan, 1 run, once again a spinner uses the fullish length to keep the batsman quiet, Morgan squeezes the drive to long-off
28.1
Tahir to Morgan, no run, turned off the pads to backward square, Stokes sent back on the single
27.6
Markram to Morgan, 1 run, throws it wider of off-stump and allows Morgan to drive it down the ground
27.5
Markram to Morgan, no run, flighted on middle, Morgan opens himself up and drives to cover - straight to Duminy
27.4
Markram to Morgan, no run, very full delivery almost in the blockhole, dug out to the right of Markram
27.3
Markram to Morgan, no run, not all that short and hence Morgan's cut went fine to short third, Amla ensures the single is not stolen
27.2
Markram to Morgan, no run, tossed up gently outside off, Morgan drives it back to Markram
27.1
Markram to Stokes, 1 run, flatter and around off, Stokes punches it past cover for a single
26.6
Duminy to Morgan, 2 runs, quicker and skidding on, Morgan reverse sweeps it behind point, Ngidi does well to get something on it and take the pace off the ball, saved two
26.5
Duminy to Morgan, FOUR, poor delivery. That's expected from a part-time spinner. Sprays it down leg, Morgan kneels down and sweeps it past short fine, no need to run for that
26.4
Duminy to Stokes, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Stokes chips it inside out but long-off is wide enough to keep it down to a single
26.3
Duminy to Morgan, 1 run, drops it short and offers room outside off, Morgan slaps it square of the wicket and sweeper keeps it to one
26.2
Duminy to Stokes, 1 run, drifting in and another tuck into the leg-side to bring up England's 150
26.1
Duminy to Morgan, 1 run, sliding on with the arm and Morgan nudges it to mid-wicket, where there are acres of space
25.6
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, no run, slower delivery around off, Stokes is tentative with his forward press and is beaten on the outside edge. The ball carries on the bounce to de Kock
25.5
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, 1 run, on a length outside off, Morgan drives on the rise to sweeper cover
25.4
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, no run, fuller around off, Morgan toe-ends the drive to mid-on. Very full to be playing the cover drive
25.3
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, SIX, poor bowling. Consecutive sixes for Morgan. Ngidi is predictable - fast bowler hit for a six straight and he goes short at the body the next ball, Morgan stays inside the line and helps it along the way with a mighty pull. 200th ODI for England, 7000 runs it is Morgan's day
25.2
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, SIX, this is the definition of new England. Beaten the previous ball and next ball Morgan gives the charge to put the pressure back on Ngidi, he converts it into a full delivery and smokes the loft into the crowd near long-off. Clean strike!
25.1
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, no run, flashy from Morgan. Good length ball angled across the southpaw, Morgan goes for a loose drive sans footwork and the ball didn't miss the outside edge by much. Bit oohs from the South African players
24.6
Duminy to Stokes, no run, gets the ball to drift in the air, Stokes waits and works it to mid-wicket
24.5
Duminy to Morgan, 1 run, hard hands on the forward press but Morgan was in complete control, past a diving cover and down to long-off
24.4
Duminy to Stokes, 1 run, throws it up a touch wider and Stokes is able to drive it down to long-off
24.3
Duminy to Stokes, no run, flighted on the stumps, Stokes pushes it hard and straight to Duminy
24.2
Duminy to Stokes, 2 runs, drifting too far down leg, Stokes helps it along the way and collects a brace
24.1
Duminy to Stokes, no run, tossed up from round the wicket, Stokes knocks it to the right of Duminy
23.6
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, no run, slower delivery that holds up on the surface, Morgan was early into his tuck to the on-side, the ball hit the splice and popped up. Luckily for England it did not carry back to Ngidi
23.5
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, no run, fuller and outside off, Morgan pushes it firmly to mid-off and hence had to shout "no no no" to send Stokes back
23.4
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, no run, too full and Morgan goes for the drive, gets it off the cue-end to mid-on
23.3
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, no run, good length ball around off, Morgan is right behind the line to defend
23.2
Lungi Ngidi to Morgan, FOUR, that's for the camera guys - an elegant straight drive. Top shot from the England captain. Tad overpitched and Morgan did try to overhit the drive, just caressed it past his partner and the timing took care of the rest
23.1
Lungi Ngidi to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Stokes plays the steer late and picks up a single to third man
22.6
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, drops right in front of leg-stump, Stokes bends down and works it to deep square leg
22.5
Tahir to Stokes, no run, turning into the left hander, Stokes knocks it to mid-wicket
22.4
Tahir to Stokes, 2 runs, flatter and attacking the pads, flicked away wide of deep mid-wicket, for a brace
22.3
Tahir to Morgan, 1 run, floated up gently outside off, Morgan eases the drive to long-off
22.2
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, very full delivery outside off, Stokes digs it out to long-off
22.1
Tahir to Morgan, 1 run, 96kph quicker delivery, Morgan brings his bat down and squirts an inside edge to square leg
21.6
Rabada to Stokes, no run, change of pace, rolls his fingers over the ball for an off-cutter, Stokes guides it to backward point, where Duminy is close in to cut the angle and stop the single to third man
21.5
Rabada to Morgan, 1 run, on a length just outside off, Morgan knocks it between cover and point, sets off for a quick single
21.4
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, low full toss and Stokes was not expecting that, he was surprised as the bat came down late, the thickish inside edge rolls to the vacant mid-wicket area
21.3
Rabada to Morgan, 1 run, short and at the body, Morgan has nowhere to go and he gets into a bit of a tangle, but manages to get his bat across and the ball drops into the leg-side, Stokes calls him through
21.2
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, angling away from the left hander, Stokes uses that to steer a single to third man
21.1
Rabada to Stokes, no run, good length ball and Stokes wants to drive on the up, gets it off the inner half and the ball goes quickly to mid-on, where Ngidi had to put in a dive to make the stop
21.1
Rabada to Stokes, wide, strays down leg and Stokes can't meet with the flick, there was a sound but not according to umpire Oxenford
20.6
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, pushed it through on leg-stump, Stokes nurdles it square on the leg-side, for a single
20.5
Tahir to Stokes, no run, flighted close to off, Stokes plunges forward and defends it down the wicket
20.4
Tahir to Morgan, 1 run, googly that is fraction short, Morgan cracks the cut to sweeper cover
20.3
Tahir to Morgan, no run, flatter, quicker and on off-stump, Morgan punches it back to Tahir
20.2
Tahir to Morgan, no run, dragged back length and Morgan uses the crease to block it back
20.1
Tahir to Stokes, 1 run, tossed up around off, Stokes bends down and wrists it to long-on
19.6
Rabada to Morgan, no run, in the channel around off, Morgan's feet don't move as he goes fishing for the ball away from the body, beaten on the outside edge. There is a sudden spur in South Africa's stride after those two wickets
19.5
Rabada to Morgan, no run, fuller than a good length and Morgan stays beside the line of the ball to defend
19.4
Rabada to Stokes, 1 run, shortens the length and hits the bat hard, which turns on impact and the ball rolls into the leg-side to give Stokes his first run
19.3
Rabada to Stokes, no run, angled across the left hander, Stokes waves his bat and lets it through to de Kock
19.2
Rabada to Stokes, no run, fuller and aimed for the off-stump, Stokes prods forward and defends it back
19.1
Rabada to Root, out Caught by Duminy!! Two in four balls. Both set batsmen back in the hut. South Africa right back in it. Rabada brought in to pick a wicket and he delivers with his first ball. A nothing shot from Root. Reaches out for a good length delivery away from the body and slices the drive to backward point, where Duminy takes a sharp catch. How many times have we seen Root throwing it away after reaching fifty? England needed him to continue today , especially after losing Roy in the previous over wkt (3-111) min (83m). Root c Duminy b Rabada 51(59) [4s-5]
18.6
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, FOUR, Morgan is off and running. That should calm the nerves if there were any. Full delivery outside off, Morgan leans forward and creams the drive through extra cover, no chance for sweeper cover
18.5
Phehlukwayo to Morgan, no run, slanted across the left hander, Morgan lifts his bat and lets it go
18.4
Phehlukwayo to Roy, out Caught by Fafdu Plessis!! Gone! South Africa needed that. This partnership was flourishing with both batsmen reaching their respective fifties. Phehlukwayo, known to pick up wickets in the middle overs, provides them the breakthrough. Banged in halfway down at 84mph, Roy tries to fetch the pull from outside off and gets it off the bottom half, Faf tracks back a bit from mid-off and hangs on to a dolly wkt (2-107) min (80m). Roy c Fafdu Plessis b Phehlukwayo 54(53) [4s-8]
18.3
Phehlukwayo to Roy, FOUR, geez! That ball rocketed to the fence. Overpitched delivery on off and middle, Roy without any room just uncorks his strong forearms to power it straight down the ground. He just stood there and admired the shot
18.2
Phehlukwayo to Root, 1 run, too straight - on middle and leg, picked away backward of square leg, for a single
18.1
Phehlukwayo to Root, no run, angled in from a length, Root's flick goes straight to mid-wicket
17.6
Pretorius to Root, 1 run, time for Root to lift his bat. The Oval goes Roooooooottt.. If England had to pick one batsmen to get them going after the second ball wicket, then it would have been Root. He's played the perfect second fiddle to Roy. Gets to his milestone with a nudge to mid-wicket, where a half stop allows him to cross over
17.5
Pretorius to Root, no run, gentle good length delivery and Root respects it with a forward block
17.4
Pretorius to Root, no run, three quarter length and Root punches it straight past Roy, mid-on tidies up
17.3
Pretorius to Roy, 1 run, he's get there now. Fifty for Roy. The crowd cheer for a second time for the local boy. He acknowledges the applause with a bat raise. Full delivery angled in and Roy uses those strong wrists to work it to long-on
17.2
Pretorius to Roy, no run, shortens the length and Roy turns it to mid-wicket - straight to the fielder
17.1
Pretorius to Roy, no run, on a length around off, Roy presses forward and knocks it to cover
16.6
Phehlukwayo to Roy, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length on leg stump, deflects off Roy's thigh pad behind square. Was there some bat? The crowd are cheering for his fifty, but umpire Dharmasena rains on their parade signalling a leg bye
16.5
Phehlukwayo to Root, 1 run, Root could be in trouble here at the non-striker's end. In. The dive saved him. Can breathe a sigh of relief. The timing on this punch was too good to allow a comfortable single as it raced through to the fielder. There's a direct-hit from Rabada but Root shows desperation to make his ground
16.4
Phehlukwayo to Root, no run, back of a length delivery around off, punches to mid-off
16.3
Phehlukwayo to Root, no run, pitched up outside off, punched handsomely to mid-off
16.2
Phehlukwayo to Roy, 1 run, back of a length delivery at the stumps, bunted to long-on
16.1
Phehlukwayo to Root, 1 run, no timing on the pull, got big on him slightly and it's dumped wide of midwicket
15.6
Pretorius to Roy, no run, back of a length delivery close to off, dabbed in front of backward point
15.5
Pretorius to Root, 1 run, fuller than a length around off, Root looks to drive down the ground but skews it off a thick inside edge through midwicket
15.4
Pretorius to Root, 2 runs, short of length delivery outside off, Root is on his tippy toes to punch this square of the wicket, with his placement good enough to fetch two
15.3
Pretorius to Roy, 1 run, full on leg stump, sublime flick from Roy which flies to deep midwicket in a hurry
15.2
Pretorius to Roy, FOUR, makes it look very easy as he lifts this slower ball over mid-off. Clean followthrough of the bat, and even though the timing wasn't there, he only had to clear the infield which was no trouble
15.1
Pretorius to Root, 1 run, short ball on off stump, Root has the bounce covered as he pulls to deep midwicket
14.6
Phehlukwayo to Root, 1 run, nails this straight drive but Phehlukwayo's plunging hand gets in the way to take the pace off
14.5
Phehlukwayo to Root, no run, full ball on off, Root punches to mid-on
14.4
Phehlukwayo to Roy, 1 run, overpitched around off, jammed back over Phehlukwayo for a single to mid-off
14.3
Phehlukwayo to Roy, no run, short ball outside off, Roy mistimes the pull - probably off the bottom - to short midwicket
14.2
Phehlukwayo to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, punched through to sweeper cover
14.1
Phehlukwayo to Roy, 1 run, short of length, which has become routine from these pacers and Phehlukwayo keeps up with it as he starts his spell. Roy pulls to deep square
13.6
Pretorius to Roy, 1 run, short of length delivery close to off, Roy drops it with soft hands in front of point for a quick single
13.5
Pretorius to Roy, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, blocked to backward point
13.4
Pretorius to Root, 1 run, short of length around off, clipped through square leg
13.3
Pretorius to Roy, 1 run, slower ball at the stumps, Roy hangs back to it and knocks it down to long-on
13.2
Pretorius to Root, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, runs it down to third man with an open face
13.1
Pretorius to Root, no run, full ball on off, flicked to mid-on
12.6
Rabada to Roy, FOUR, almost a belated decision to pull, which is extraordinary given that he's pulled off the improvisation against someone of the pace of Rabada. Short of length just outside off, Roy isn't able to free the arms completely, but the timing on his jab is pristine
12.5
Rabada to Roy, no run, full ball around off, defended to mid-off
12.4
Rabada to Roy, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, blocked towards point
12.3
Rabada to Roy, 2 runs, short of length delivery outside off, flayed past backward point. Was uppish, but not close enough to the fielder
12.2
Rabada to Roy, no run, strikes him on the thigh, probably off an inside edge. Oops, it wasn't the thigh. It was a little more painful than that. Roy skips away from the scene to gather himself
12.1
Rabada to Root, 1 run, full on middle and leg, clips it through midwicket
11.6
Pretorius to Roy, no run, full ball around off, pushes to mid-off
11.5
Pretorius to Roy, FOUR, here's the release. And it's given on a platter by Pretorius who drops it short, which is cannon fodder at his pace. Roy blasts the pull through midwicket
11.4
Pretorius to Roy, no run, pitched up around off, driven to mid-off. Four straight dots. Can't see Roy taking this lying down
11.3
Pretorius to Roy, no run, good length ball outside off, punched crisply to short cover
11.2
Pretorius to Roy, no run, short of length around off, steered to backward point
11.1
Pretorius to Roy, no run, floaty full ball around off, Roy insipidly pushes to mid-off
10.6
Rabada to Root, no run, full ball around off, punched to mid-off
10.5
Rabada to Roy, 1 run, uff, Roy is saved by the inside edge. An angry full toss at 146kph, slants in deceptively and almost cleans him up altogether if not for the inside edge onto pad
10.4
Rabada to Root, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched wide of cover
10.3
Rabada to Root, 2 runs, length ball on middle stump, Root's balance is excellent again. He takes care not to fall over and clips it through midwicket
10.2
Rabada to Root, FOUR, sweet as! Slightly fuller than a good length around off, and it's punched back down by Root. Lovely on-drive, holding his shape perfectly
10.1
Rabada to Root, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched to cover
9.6
Pretorius to Root, 1 run, another short ball, nothing in it in terms of venom, and another controlled pull for a single
9.5
Pretorius to Roy, 1 run, Pretorius, spooked by the previous charge, pulls his length back and bowls it short at the body. Roy pulls down to fine leg
9.4
Pretorius to Roy, no run, Roy wants a piece of Pretorius here. He wants a big piece. This is the first ball he's facing off him today, but he's formed his opinion through the three he saw at the non-striker's end. Comes charging for a swing down the ground. Can't connect though as Pretorius kept it wide of off
9.3
Pretorius to Root, 1 run, back of a length delivery around middle, Root shuffles across and clips it down to long leg
9.2
Pretorius to Root, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, firmly punched to point
9.1
Pretorius to Root, 2 runs, gentle loosener, 123kph, Root tucks it off the back foot through midwicket
8.6
Rabada to Root, 1 run, they've pulled the lengths back, quickly realizing the lack of lateral movement. Short of length, Root works it in front of mid-on for a quick one
8.5
Rabada to Root, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, punched to backward point
8.4
Rabada to Root, FOUR, takes on the bouncer from Rabada, ensuring along the way that his wrists are right on top of the ball while pulling behind square leg. It did rush him off the pitch, and now he can have a smile about it with Roy, but his weight transfer was excellent which facilitated the whole deal
8.3
Rabada to Root, no run, short of length, makes Root hop. He rides the bounce well though as he defends in front of midwicket
8.2
Rabada to Roy, 1 run, works a full ball wide of mid-on to elicit a cheer from the crowd as the fifty comes up
8.1
Rabada to Roy, no run, good length ball just outside off, defended with an open face to point
7.6
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, finds point again. Probably should've dispatched this one, with the width on it. Short and wide, Root slaps it straight to the fielder
7.5
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, Root is upto his full height as he punches to point
7.4
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched wide of point who makes a half-stop
7.3
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, FOUR, whatever said about his risk-taking, he does looks good when the drive comes off. Another slower one from Ngidi, Roy powers it off the front foot through extra cover
7.2
Lungi Ngidi to Root, 1 run, slower ball outside off, Root was early into the forward press - slightly deceived by the lack of pace. He manages a thick inside edge into the on-side
7.1
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, goes chasing after a length ball outside off, away from character, and is beaten on the outside edge
6.6
Rabada to Roy, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Roy belatedly realizes it's too close to cut and improvises with a chop to backward point
6.5
Rabada to Roy, no run, uppish drive that falls short of mid-off. He's not holding himself back here, going for some pretty expansive drives off deliveries that cannot be categorized as full. No timing here as he reaches out away from the body
6.4
Rabada to Roy, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, left alone
6.3
Rabada to Roy, no run, good length ball fizzing through outside off, left alone
6.2
Rabada to Roy, no run, good length delivery around off, solid in his forward defence is Roy
6.1
Rabada to Roy, FOUR, Rabada is welcomed with the full face of Roy's broad willow. Not quite a full ball, but Roy probably feels that he can trust this pitch enough to play through the line. Punches it down the track and the timing's good enough
5.6
Lungi Ngidi to Root, 2 runs, weight moved into the front foot nicely from Root, leaning into the full ball for a push-drive through cover
5.5
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, back of a length delivery causing Root some grief with its extra lift. He tries adjusting by taking his bottom hand off, and chops it back at his feet off the splice
5.4
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, finds Roy pushing far away from the body. Very loose. Lucky that the outside edge evades backward point for a single to third man
5.4
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, wide, probably took affront to Roy walking down at him, did Ngidi. Bangs this in well short and it flies over the advancing batsman. Wide for height
5.3
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, FOUR, straying on middle and leg, happy days for Roy as he tickles it fine for four. Ngidi broods over it at the end of his followthrough, unhappy with himself
5.2
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, no run, back of a length delivery around off, presses forward to it and then has to cushion the extra bounce by softening his hands
5.1
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, 2 runs, back of a length delivery, hitting the pitch hard. Roy squirts it off a thick inside edge through square leg
4.6
Tahir to Root, no run, in the blockhole, Root digs it out
4.5
Tahir to Root, 2 runs, just chipped over midwicket's reach. Full toss from Tahir that takes Root by surprise as he checks the shot into the on-side. Spooned over short midwicket who had his arms outstretched but couldn't get them on the ball
4.4
Tahir to Root, FOUR, nails the sweep shot through square leg. Although deep midwicket didn't have long to travel, the fierceness of the shot meant he didn't get close
4.3
Tahir to Root, 2 runs, premeditation from Root, quickly reverses his hands even as the ball is being delivered. To his delight, there's width on this flighted googly which allows Root to paddle it fine. Not enough legs though
4.2
Tahir to Roy, 1 run, eases this googly down to long-on
4.1
Tahir to Roy, FOUR, short ball outside off, first bad ball that Tahir's bowled and it's pounced upon by Roy as he frees his arms and slaps it through cover
3.6
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, back of a length delivery around off, defended into the covers
3.5
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, almost carries to Duminy at backward point! Root not in control of the drive, slices it off the outside half towards the fielder who was a few yards inside the circle
3.4
Lungi Ngidi to Root, FOUR, he had the length of this delivery figured! Short of length around the waist and it gets met by Root who was in position in a flash. Pulled away dominantly through square leg
3.3
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched gently to cover-point
3.2
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, Root goes the same route as Roy, attempts a drive on the up and is beaten on the edge
3.1
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, 1 run, risky business from Roy, looking to drive on the up against someone of the stature of Ngidi. Extra bounce is always in the picture, which is what foils his cover-drive here, sending a thick edge down to third man
2.6
Tahir to Root, no run, oooh, would've been trouble had he missed. The length wasn't ideal for the sweep - it was pretty full - but Root is able to paddle it to short fine
2.5
Tahir to Roy, 1 run, sliding in on leg stump as Tahir drops it slightly short, Roy clips it through square leg
2.4
Tahir to Roy, no run, makes room and cuts this from middle stump to point
2.3
Tahir to Root, 1 run, eases this straight one down to long-on
2.2
Tahir to Roy, 1 run, what happened there? Umpire Dharmasena hurriedly looks to move away in vain as the ball deflects off Tahir's boot onto his backside. Interesting shot from Roy, unwilling to shed his aggression. Cleared that front leg of his to smash this flat ball down the pitch. Tahir stuck a foot out to save three
2.1
Tahir to Root, 1 run, googly on middle, Root pushes down to long-on
1.6
Lungi Ngidi to Root, 1 run, bit too straight from Ngidi, Root clips it to fine leg
1.5
Lungi Ngidi to Root, FOUR, Root snips the ribbon on the boundary counter, planting his front foot right to the pitch of this half-volley as he creams it through extra cover
1.4
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, slants this one in at the stumps, the length right up, Root is tentatively forward as he pushes to mid-off
1.3
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched to cover
1.2
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, 1 run, back of a length, kicks up on Roy who was arrogantly forward to it. Comes off a thick inside edge near the bat shoulder for a single down to fine leg
1.1
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, no run, short of length delivery around off, Roy awkwardly fends it towards backward point
0.6
Tahir to Root, no run, tossed up at the stumps, probably another googly, turned to square leg
0.5
Tahir to Root, no run, picks the googly and knocks it back off the back foot
0.4
Tahir to Root, no run, varies the trajectory immediately, and deceives Root, who was playing back to a ball that he should've been forward to. It was pushed through quicker, which is what stunted his feet, and he gets an inside edge in defence
0.3
Tahir to Root, no run, slightly slower through the air on off stump, nice flight from Tahir, draws Root forward in defence
0.2
Tahir to Bairstow, out Caught by de Kock!! A golden duck for Bairstow as Tahir sets off on his celebratory lap. What a start to this World Cup. And what a move to start with the leggie, who gets a hint of turn from a good length which is enough to find the edge as Bairstow prods forward in defence. Smart catch from de Kock. Tahir is rolling away on this massive square at the Oval wkt (1-1) min (2m). Bairstow c de Kock b Tahir 0(1)
0.1
Tahir to Roy, 1 run, pushes it through the air, flat length ball around off, Roy pushes an urgent single to mid-off. There's a ricochet off the direct-hit, but they settle for one
Commentary
Duminy,Amla,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,De Kock,Pretorius,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Lungi Ngidi
Plunkett,Morgan, Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes, Moeen Ali,Root,Archer
