47.6
Bumrah to Mustafizur, out Bowled!! India win by 28 runs. India have qualified for the semi-finals. Bangladesh have been knocked out. This man is Virat's most bankable currency. Every time Virat wants, he withdraws a wicket out of Bumrah. That was speared in full and went under the bat of Mustafizur to peg back the base of the off-pole. He was late to get his bat down but the Indians were up quickly to celebrate a win at Edgbaston wkt (10-286) min (2m). Mustafizur b Bumrah 0(1)
47.5
Bumrah to Rubel, out Bowled!! Finally an Indian bowler gets the yorker right and Rubel backing away, misses. The LED bails glow up and Bangladesh lose their 9th wicket. Superb delivery from Bumrah. He is all pumped up. Hasn't been happy with his execution today and let's out a roar. Rubel took a chance against the best in the world and missed it wkt (9-286) min (18m). Rubel b Bumrah 9(11) [4s-1]
47.4
Bumrah to Saifuddin, 1 run, knocks the ball behind square. Only a single. Sensible. 29 now
47.3
Bumrah to Saifuddin, FOUR, this man and this knock! Fifty for Saifuddin. Has been brilliant today. Pitched up delivery, again misses the mark and Saifuddin thumped it down the ground. Virat at long-on puts in the dive but fails to stop it
47.2
Bumrah to Rubel, 1 run, slower length delivery and has been slogged across the line for a single. 34 needed now
47.1
Bumrah to Saifuddin, 1 run, low full toss and has been heaved away into the on-side. Only a single. He could have charged for a double there. 35 needed now
46.6
Shami to Rubel, no run, and jams the yorkerish delivery out to the keeper. Looks to throw his bat at it and toe-ends the ball out to the keeper. Good finish after the boundary for Shami
46.5
Shami to Rubel, no run, better from Shami! Executes the yorker well outside off and Rubel backing away fails to connect. Dot balls are gold dust
46.4
Shami to Saifuddin, 1 run, better delivery. Almost a yorker and has been jammed out to long-on for a single
46.3
Shami to Saifuddin, FOUR, backs away, Saifuddin pulls! Gets it fine and past the man at short fine fielder for a four. 37 more needed now. Saifuddin is playing a blinder. Bangla fans are up and awake
46.3
Shami to Saifuddin, wide, lands it too short, the ball balloons over the head of the batter for a wide
46.2
Shami to Rubel, 1 run, low full toss and has been mistimed away to long-on for a single
46.1
Shami to Rubel, no run, fuller, just outside off and Rubel misses. That was almost a yorker
45.6
Bumrah to Rubel, 1 run, right up there and squeezed out to fine leg for a single
45.5
Bumrah to Saifuddin, 1 run, clipped out into the on-side for a single
45.4
Bumrah to Rubel, 1 run, short ball, mistimed hit as it was sliced. The man at deep cover - Pant - doesn't pick it. Bumrah isn't a happy man! That should have been taken
45.3
Bumrah to Rubel, FOUR, length delivery! And banged down the ground. Rubel backed away and smashed it past the bowler for a four
45.2
Bumrah to Saifuddin, 1 run, low full toss and has been driven down to long-off for a single
45.1
Bumrah to Saifuddin, no run, highish and slowish full toss. Patted down into the off-side. That was not high enough to be called a no-ball
44.6
Bhuvneshwar to Saifuddin, 1 run, tucks the ball off the pads and gets it into the on-side for a single. 51 needed now. Costly over for India but they removed Mortaza
44.5
Bhuvneshwar to Saifuddin, FOUR, backs away and cracks the low full toss away past cover. Bhuvneshwar missed the yorker and Saifuddin got enough bat on it to send it past the fielder. Rahul at long-off also didn't have much of a chance
44.5
Bhuvneshwar to Saifuddin, wide, slower delivery down leg and Saifuddin misses the clip. Wided
44.4
Bhuvneshwar to Rubel, 1 run, short ball, Rubel is late on the pull and the top-edge lands well short of the man at deep third man
44.3
Bhuvneshwar to Rubel, no run, full toss on the pads and the man at square leg picks the ball up. That should have been put away
44.2
Bhuvneshwar to Mortaza, out Caught by Dhoni!! And Bhuvi has his man. Slower delivery outside off, Mortaza looks to throw his bat at it and edges it for the keeper to dive to his right and take it. Excellent thinking from Bhuvneshwar and Mortaza played into his hands by going for an ugly hoick. Bangladesh are going down fighting here amidst talk of intent wkt (8-257) min (8m). Mortaza c Dhoni b Bhuvneshwar 8(5) [6s-1]
44.1
Bhuvneshwar to Mortaza, SIX, length delivery, slower delivery and Mortaza slammed it down the ground! Went really high and just pipped the fence. Rahul at long-on tried but could not reach there
43.6
Bumrah to Saifuddin, 2 runs, fuller delivery and has been clipped away to deep mid for a couple. Just a push and he timed it well enough to get it away
43.6
Bumrah to Saifuddin, wide, angles it across the southpaw and Saifuddin throws his bat at that wide and slower one. But he misses and has been wided
43.5
Bumrah to Mortaza, 1 run, slower delivery and has been nudged out into the on-side for a single
43.4
Bumrah to Saifuddin, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been clipped off the pads for a single
43.3
Bumrah to Mortaza, 1 run, on a length, quick as well at 141kph and Mortaza trekked back to tuck it away into the on-side for a single
43.2
Bumrah to Mortaza, no run, right up there! In the blockhole and has been defended back
43.1
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, out Bowled!! And what do I say about this man? Bumrah strikes immediately. India on the ascendancy again. There were a few jitters creeping in but Bumrah dismisses them all. Slower delivery, Sabbir Rahman goes for the ugly hoick and misses. The leg pole was pegged back. Indian fans erupt wkt (7-245) min (55m). Sabbir Rahman b Bumrah 36(36) [4s-5]
42.6
Bhuvneshwar to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, whips the low full toss away but Bhuvneshwar had it covered as he is bowling to a certain plan. Man at deep mid picks the ball up. 70 off the last 7 overs
42.5
Bhuvneshwar to Sabbir Rahman, no run, slower delivery, more of a leg-cutter and Sabbir Rahman looks to steer and gets a fine edge. The ball lands well short of MS. Superb over so far barring the wides
42.4
Bhuvneshwar to Sabbir Rahman, no run, slower delivery and Sabbir Rahman steers it away. No pace on the shot and the man at short third man fields it
42.4
Bhuvneshwar to Sabbir Rahman, wide, fuller, slower, wider, Sabbir Rahman jumps out to whack it but misses. Wided again. Marginal call
42.3
Bhuvneshwar to Sabbir Rahman, no run, when the slower ball's execution is not great, fall back on the yorker! Bhuvneshwar does exactly that and Sabbir Rahman digs it out
42.3
Bhuvneshwar to Sabbir Rahman, wide, slower, but much wide outside off. That was an easy decision for umpire Ruchira Palliyaguruge. Three off the over so far
42.2
Bhuvneshwar to Saifuddin, 1 run, low full toss, almost hitting the toe of the batter and that was nudged away to long-on for a single. 73 more needed now
42.1
Bhuvneshwar to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, fuller delivery outside off and has been driven uppishly into the covers for a single
41.6
Shami to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, bowls it short again and Sabbir Rahman mistimes the pull into the deck for a single
41.5
Shami to Saifuddin, 1 run, gets on top of the bounce and pulls it around to deep square for a single. Again, don't think the length was correct
41.4
Shami to Saifuddin, FOUR, walks at the bowler and thrashes the ball past square leg for a four. The man behind square had no chance. Poor bowling from Shami. 77 now..Bangladesh are still in it
41.3
Shami to Saifuddin, no run, on a length, cramps the batter and has been pushed back to the bowler
41.2
Shami to Saifuddin, FOUR, fuller delivery and has been drilled between mid-off and cover for a four. That was slower but Saifuddin picked the bones out of that. 81 needed now. These two have added 55 now
41.1
Shami to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, length delivery and has been nudged out into the on-side for a single
40.6
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, tossed up delivery and has been driven with the turn to long-off for a single. Excellent end to the over. Good spell from Chahal. But he would go back thinking, he could have bowled more googlies than he did
40.5
Chahal to Saifuddin, 1 run, uses the spinning in delivery to nudge a single to square leg, Chahal tidies up himself
40.4
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, tossed up around off, Sabbir drops it into the off-side and crosses over
40.3
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, no run, floated up teasingly outside off, Sabbir swings hard but the ball keeps low and goes past his bat. Another good grab by Dhoni
40.2
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, no run, bunts it to the right of Chahal, who moves across and stops the single
40.2
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, wide, drifts it down leg, Sabbir prods forward and cannot meet with the glance, wide called
40.1
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, no run, flighted around off, Sabbir picks the wrong length to play the slog sweep, it was very full and it sneaked underneath his bat. Good take by Dhoni
39.6
Hardik Pandya to Saifuddin, no run, slower short delivery outside off, Saifuddin watches it float past him. Pandya is done with a ball. He failed with the bat but has made up for that with the ball, 10-0-60-3
39.5
Hardik Pandya to Saifuddin, no run, charges down the wicket while giving himself some room, Pandya saw that and followed him. Saifuddin does not have room to work with and takes it on the pad
39.4
Hardik Pandya to Saifuddin, no run, off-cutter that is banged in short, Saifuddin is not able to lay bat on the slash and the ball bounces on the way to Ms Dhoni, who tells a ball-asking Pandya to go back to his run-up and he will pass it on
39.3
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, slower delivery on off, Sabbir nurdles it backward of square leg, he called for two but has to settle with one as Rahul swoops down on the ball and releases it quickly
39.2
Hardik Pandya to Saifuddin, 1 run, direct hit and Saifuddin was gone. He drops the back of a length delivery into the off-side and sets off, Pandya races across to his right and fires at the bowler's end, misses and Saifuddin survives
39.1
Hardik Pandya to Saifuddin, FOUR, the runs are coming at a canter.. Pandya bowls a short of length delivery that sits up nicely, Saifuddin swivels and smashes the pull in front of square leg. He placed it perfectly
38.6
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, FOUR, another good over. 11 off it. Sabbir went down on his knee and fetched the sweep from outside off, he rolled his wrists and struck it along the ground to deep mid-wicket
38.5
Chahal to Saifuddin, 1 run, turning in from outside off, Saifuddin chops it in front of mid-off
38.4
Chahal to Saifuddin, no run, spinning into the pads and Saifuddin is struck on the thigh pad as he misses the flick
38.3
Chahal to Saifuddin, no run, works it with the spin to mid-wicket
38.3
Chahal to Saifuddin, wide, spinning too far down leg, Saifuddin can't get anywhere close to the ball
38.2
Chahal to Saifuddin, FOUR, top-edge and four! It was Bumrah at short fine and he did not move swiftly enough. Chahal is very forgiving as he knows that Bumrah has just come back out on the field. The wrong 'un and Saifuddin's sweep is off the top-edge, balloons over Bumrah and runs away to the fence
38.1
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, flighted outside off, Sabbir bends down and drives to sweeper cover
37.6
Shami to Saifuddin, FOUR, 17 off the over. Shami has this weakness - goes for runs when the heat is on. Slower delivery on a length, Saifuddin swings across the line and makes a decent connection to collect a one bounce four
37.5
Shami to Saifuddin, no run, resorts to a bouncer and gets it to climb, Saifuddin ducks and allows it to sail through to Ms Dhoni
37.4
Shami to Saifuddin, FOUR, third boundary of the over. Looks like these two have decided to go for it. Saifuddin runs down the wicket and flat-bats the short of length delivery straight back over his partner
37.3
Shami to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Sabbir opens the bat face and runs it down to third man
37.2
Shami to Sabbir Rahman, FOUR, consecutive boundaries to start Shami's new spell. This was a pacy short of length delivery, down leg though, Sabbir swivels and helps it along the way to fine leg
37.1
Shami to Sabbir Rahman, FOUR, much needed boundary for Bangladesh. Sabbir charges down and even though it was a slower short of length delivery, he went through with the pull between the two fielders - mid-wicket and mid-on. The bottom hand came off but he had enough power behind it
36.6
Chahal to Saifuddin, no run, flatter delivery on the stumps, punched only as far as mid-wicket
36.5
Chahal to Saifuddin, no run, once more finds the backward square fielder as he nurdles the leg-break
36.4
Chahal to Saifuddin, no run, spinning down leg, Saifuddin cannot meet with the glance. There is no signal for wide, so it might have taken a bit of pad on the way to Ms Dhoni
36.3
Chahal to Saifuddin, no run, googly spinning across, Saifuddin stays back and blocks it down the wicket
36.2
Chahal to Saifuddin, no run, turning into the pads, Saifuddin works it to backward square square - straight to the fielder
36.1
Chahal to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, floated up outside off, Sabbir eases the drive to sweeper cover
35.6
Hardik Pandya to Saifuddin, no run, ends the over with a slower bouncer, Saifuddin is happy to duck under it
35.5
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, shimmies down and is cramped by the short delivery at the body, mistimes the pull to mid-on and sets off for a quick single, Shami has a go at the bowler's end and misses
35.4
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, no run, fuller and close to off, Sabbir prods forward and defends
35.3
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, 2 runs, slower bumper and Sabbir had to hop a bit to play the pull, rolls his wrists and hits it along the ground to deep backward square leg, DK cleans up near the rope
35.2
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, no run, good length ball on off, Sabbir blocks it back down the wicket
35.1
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, FOUR, Bumrah did all the hard work but was not able to stop the boundary. Short of length does not rise above the waist, Sabbir pulls it behind square and Bumrah chases from fine leg, he picks it up with one hand but his legs get into a tangle and the ball slips out to roll onto the ad triangles
35.1
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, wide, bouncer which is too high, Sabbir sways away from the line and the umpire calls a wide for height
34.6
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, short and wide outside off, Sabbir slaps the cut square on the off-side
34.5
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, no run, almost! Sabbir like some of his mates tries to run a ball down to third man and almost drags it on. The ball cut back in and the inside edge went past the off-stump, Dhoni makes a super save to his left
34.4
Bumrah to Saifuddin, 1 run, spears it full and at the stumps, Saifuddin flicks it away to deep backward square
34.3
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, very full and close to yorker length, jammed out to mid-on
34.2
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, no run, that's a rash shot. Sabbir is still not got a hang of the conditions and he tries to hit his way out. Runs down the wicket and swings blindly, the slower ball beats his blade and bounces away to Ms Dhoni
34.1
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, no run, the dipping slower ball and Sabbir turns it to mid-wicket
33.6
Hardik Pandya to Saifuddin, no run, slower short of length delivery and Saifuddin closes the bat face early, the leading edge goes to backward point and Kohli has a shy at the bowler's end as Sabbir backing up
33.5
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, out Caught by Karthik!! That should be the game for India. Bangladesh's last hope has been sent back. Pandya with his third wicket. The umpire checks for a front foot no ball and there was enough behind the line. Shakib walks back dejected. He moved away to the leg-side to open up various scoring areas, but Pandya followed him with a slower ball, there was no room to free his arms and he ended up chipping a dolly to extra cover. DK picks up his second catch and India are in the driver's seat now wkt (6-179) min (111m). Shakib c Karthik b Hardik Pandya 66(74) [4s-6]
33.4
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, no run, slower bouncer and Shakib is jumping up to play the pull, but the slowness does him in. He was through the shot way too early and the ball bounces away to Ms Dhoni
33.3
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, 1 run, strays down leg and Sabbir helps it along the way to fine leg
33.2
Hardik Pandya to Sabbir Rahman, no run, good length ball around off, Sabbir defends with the head right on top of the ball
33.1
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length around off, Shakib dabs it away to third man
32.6
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, no run, short and aimed for the body, Sabbir closes the bat face by taking his eyes off the ball, the leading edge pops up and drops safely into the off-side
32.5
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, no run, back of a length and hits the splice hard as Sabbir bunts it into the off-side
32.4
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, no run, now goes for the toe-crusher, Sabbir brings his bat down in time to keep it out
32.3
Bumrah to Sabbir Rahman, FOUR, well bowled and equally well played. Short of length and the ball keeps rising awkwardly on the batsman, Sabbir is off the ground to ride the bounce and manages to guide it to third man, the pace of Bumrah takes it to the fence
32.2
Bumrah to Mosaddek Hossain, out Bowled!! Played on! It was a matter of time before Bumrah had his name in the wickets column. It was the off-cutter that breaks in, Mosaddek prods forward with an angled bat, trying to run it down to third man, but the deviation did not allow him to find the middle of the bat. The inside edge clatters back onto the stumps and Bangladesh have lost half their side now wkt (5-173) min (13m). Mosaddek Hossain b Bumrah 3(7)
32.1
Bumrah to Shakib, 1 run, spears in the yorker from round the wicket, Shakib turns it behind square leg, for a single
31.6
Hardik Pandya to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, Pandya is down on the ground. Another slower short of length delivery, Mosaddek is through the shot a tad early and the under-edge does not carry to Ms Dhoni. Pandya went down in his followthrough
31.5
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, banged in halfway down at 128kph, Shakib had to really wait for it and rise of the ground to swat the pull to the left of mid-on, just a single
31.4
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, no run, once more offers no pace to work with, Shakib directs it to backward point
31.3
Hardik Pandya to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, in the air and safe. 124kph slower off-cutter outside off, Mosaddek was setting up for a big hit and was deceived for pace, sliced it over cover-point and sweeper tidies up
31.2
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, angled into the pads from round the wicket, flicked away to deep backward square
31.1
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, no run, short of length outside off, Shakib flat-bats it back to Pandya. He went for power than timing and hence could not connect as he would have liked
30.6
Bumrah to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, very full and close to the blockhole, squeezed out with an open bat face to backward point
30.5
Bumrah to Shakib, 1 run, anything just outside off and Shakib will run it down to third man. It has been his most productive region
30.4
Bumrah to Shakib, no run, the dipping slow yorker, Shakib jams it back down the wicket
30.3
Bumrah to Shakib, FOUR, streaky! Bangladesh will take 'em any which way. Fraction short and outside off, Shakib throws his bat and the under-edge runs away fine to third man. No chance for the fielder in the deep
30.2
Bumrah to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, the line is outside off and Mosaddek manages to steer it to third man
30.1
Bumrah to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, back of a length around off, Mosaddek directs it to backward point where DK makes a sprawling stop
29.6
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, no run, short of a length around off, good carry on the ball and Shakib punches it on the up towards cover, was in the air for a while but it fell well short of the man inside the ring
29.5
Hardik Pandya to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Mosaddek Hossain slices it to third man
29.4
Hardik Pandya to Liton Das, out Caught by Karthik!! Pandya was dismissed for a duck earlier today but he's making up for it. Has already bagged two wickets and looks good to take a few more. A short ball around off and the batsman gets hurried for pace and carry. Liton goes ahead for the pull and the top-edge is induced towards mid-wicket. DK is the man inside the circle who circles underneath and gobbles it up. This pair managed to chase it down against West Indies, but they're up against India today. Not easy! wkt (4-162) min (31m). Liton Das c Karthik b Hardik Pandya 22(24) [6s-1]
29.3
Hardik Pandya to Liton Das, no run, slower through the air, Liton Das clips it to the fielder at mid-wicket
29.2
Hardik Pandya to Liton Das, SIX, shot, clean as a whistle! Right into the slot around middle and off, Liton stands tall and bludgeons it over wide long-on for half-a-dozen. One of the best shot of this innings
29.1
Hardik Pandya to Liton Das, no run, skiddy length delivery around middle and leg, Liton Das tries to heave this one across the line but takes his eyes off the ball while playing the shot. Beaten and struck on the padsm but it was sliding down the leg side
28.6
Bhuvneshwar to Shakib, 2 runs, hops a touch in the crease in order to connect this shot ball. Was in the air when he played the pull towards deep square leg. Hardik puts in a dive near the fence and parries the ball to Kl Rahul as the tag-team effort keeps them down to a couple of runs
28.5
Bhuvneshwar to Shakib, 2 runs, drags the short ball to deep mid-wicket with a good pull shot, fielder near the fence is quick to move across and keep them down to two
28.4
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, 1 run, touch slower by Bhuvneshwar, 125kph length delivery and it's been worked through mid-wicket by Liton Das
28.3
Bhuvneshwar to Shakib, 1 run, punches this one towards mid-off for a single
28.2
Bhuvneshwar to Shakib, 2 runs, Shakib got an inside edge on to this pads as the ball rolled behind square. The throw came in from the deep and Kohli whipped off the bails too, but the batsman was quick to make it back in time, the dived saved him
28.1
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, 1 run, nudges this one through mid-wicket for a single
27.6
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 2 runs, 46th fifty for Shakib Al Hasan! Gets to his sixth 50-plus score in this World Cup, a form to envy about. Slices the shortish delivery to deep point and manages to take two runs to reach the milestone, superb effort, impeccable consistency
27.5
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, FOUR, that's a misfield by DK and it was due to one of the practice pitches. Shakib had punched this one through covers and the ball hits one of the roughs and bounces in front of Karthik. He fails to stop it and the batsman gets four runs
27.4
Hardik Pandya to Liton Das, 1 run, pushes the full ball to mid-on and gets off the strike
27.3
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, Shakib had pulled the short ball through mid-wicket and his initial call was for 'two'. Liton was eager to take the second but on seeing Chahal charging in from the deep, his partner sent him back. Good call by Shakib as Liton gets back in the crease with a dive. Direct-hit would have been close, probably curtains for the batsman
27.2
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, no run, tailing into the batsman on a fullish length, Shakib drives it back to Hardik who stops it with a leap
27.1
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, no run, on a length around middle and leg, Shakib tries to work it through the leg side, but gets struck on the pads
26.6
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, no run, seaming away from the batsman outside off, hint of swing too, Liton Das slashes away from his body but he can only connect thin air
26.5
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, 2 runs, slices the shortish delivery through point for a couple of runs more
26.4
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, no run, back of a length around off, eased into the off side
26.3
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, 2 runs, on a length around off, Liton Das pats it to mid-off and takes a quick single. Bumrah goes for a direct hit but with no fielder backing up, they manage to take the second two. Kohli isn't happy with the Shami, who was very slow to get behind the ball, the skipper asks him to wake up and be more agile
26.2
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, no run, skidding along the deck on a length, Liton Das chops it to point where DK puts in a dive to stop the ball, that's a dot ball
26.1
Bhuvneshwar to Liton Das, 2 runs, back of a length outside off, Liton Das slices it to deep backward point for a couple of runs more
25.6
Shami to Liton Das, 1 run, back of a length outside off, seaming into the batsman who steers it down to fine third man and retains strike with a single
25.5
Shami to Liton Das, 2 runs, Liton has pulled the short ball to deep square leg but Rahul times his dive to perfection near the fence and keeps them down to two runs, a round of applause by the skipper for KL's efforts
25.4
Shami to Liton Das, no run, plays an on-drive but doesn't time it well, straight to the man at mid-on
25.3
Shami to Shakib, leg byes, 1 run, fired down the leg side, Shakib tries to glance it into the leg side but the ball clips his pads and rolls next to the keeper, nothing more than a leg bye
25.2
Shami to Liton Das, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Liton Das knocks it into the gap at covers
25.1
Shami to Shakib, 1 run, 'two' was the initial call by Shakib but the fielder from the deep was quick to charge in and get rid of the ball, was a shortish delivery by Shami that was nudged through square leg by the left hander
24.6
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, another easy run for Shakib as he drives the tossed up delivery to long-on
24.5
Chahal to Shakib, no run, treks back and nudges the shortish delivery to mid-wicket
24.4
Chahal to Shakib, no run, shimmies down the wicktet and pushes this one back to the bowler
24.3
Chahal to Liton Das, 1 run, goes down on his knee and sweeps the leg spinner to square leg, got in position quickly and nailed the shot
24.2
Chahal to Liton Das, no run, googly by Chahal again, quicker one though, Liton Das brings his bat down quickly and pats it to point
24.1
Chahal to Liton Das, no run, sharp legbreak outside off, Liton Das goes back and carves it to point
23.6
Shami to Liton Das, 1 run, pitched up by Shami and it's been square driven by Liton Das, single at deep point
23.5
Shami to Shakib, 1 run, skiddy back of length ball outside off, Shakib has sliced it down to third man for a single, nearing yet another half-century
23.4
Shami to Liton Das, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Liton Das dabs it to third man and gets off the mark
23.3
Shami to Liton Das, no run, another short ball in the channel outside off, around chest height of the batsman who decides to leave it alone
23.2
Shami to Liton Das, no run, short ball outside off, Liton Das looks to upper cut and misses
23.1
Shami to Shakib, 1 run, short ball around leg, Shakib glances it down to fine leg for a single
22.6
Chahal to Rahim, out Caught by Shami!! Chahal has broken through as he gets a huge wicket. Tosses this one up and Rahim sweeps it towards square leg. The ball flies towards Shami who's the only fielder inside the ring on the leg side and he makes sure to hold on to it. Good field placement by the Indian skipper, reckons Ganguly on air wkt (3-121) min (29m). Rahim c Shami b Chahal 24(23) [4s-3]
22.5
Chahal to Rahim, no run, slider outside off, Rahim attempts a cut and gets an inside edge towards the keeper
22.4
Chahal to Rahim, FOUR, Rahim is looking positive, getting boundaries at will. Rocks back in his crease and scythes the short ball through the gap at backward point and short third man. Chahal hasn't been at his best today, moreover these two are very good players of spin
22.3
Chahal to Rahim, no run, loopy legbreak in the channel outside off, Rahim plants his front foot forward and leaves it for the keeper
22.2
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, whip-drives the loopy delivery to long-on
22.1
Chahal to Shakib, no run, a tossed up delivery by Chahal, it's a googly and Shakib gets a leading edge to point as he looks to flick it across the line, drops well short of the man at covers though
21.6
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, 9 runs for Bangladesh in the over as Shakib works the length delivery through square leg. The partnership between these two is looking threatening. India need to bring back one of their strike bowlers to break it
21.5
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, 1 run, wasn't in control of this pull shot as he got hurried due to the pace on the short ball, goes ahead even then and mistimes it to long leg for a single
21.4
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, spears in a length delivery from round the wicket, denies him any room and the batsman nudges it in front of mid-wicket for a single
21.3
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, 1 run, eased through the gap at covers by Rahim for a single
21.2
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, steers it to the same fielder at third man, played with soft hands this time around, just a single
21.1
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, FOUR, shot of a man in form. Just moments ago he breached the 500-run mark in #CWC19 and he continues to pile on the runs. A short delivery outside off and Shakib slices it past the man at point, beats the fielder at third man comfortably
20.6
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, 'bahut badhiya' (very good) quips MS Dhoni as Chahal tosses this one up, Shakib gets close to the ball with a little shimmy and eases it down to long-on
20.5
Chahal to Rahim, 1 run, short in length outside off, Rahim treks back and chops it through point for a single
20.4
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, very full around off, Shakib drives it down to long-on, Mushy is back on strike
20.3
Chahal to Shakib, no run, back in his crease to turn this short ball to short fine leg
20.2
Chahal to Shakib, no run, leg spinning delivery around middle and leg, Shakib clips it to short fine leg
20.1
Chahal to Shakib, no run, a tossed up delivery around off, Shakib shimmies down the wicket and looks to flick it across, ends up getting an inside edge on to his pads
19.6
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, driven square on the off-side for a single
19.5
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, 1 run, the slower bouncer from Pandya, Rahim waits on it and helps it on its way to long leg
19.4
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, Shakib runs it down towards third man for a single
19.3
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 2 runs, short of a length and well wide of off, steered behind square on the off-side and Shakib rushes back for the second, brings up Bangladesh's 100
19.2
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Shakib plays with an open face and finds backward point
19.1
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Rahim runs it behind square on the off-side and wanted a second run, but as he turned back, he slipped and aborts the idea of going back
18.6
Chahal to Rahim, 1 run, flighted just outside off, Rahim pushes it into the gap wide of cover for a single, 10 off the over
18.5
Chahal to Rahim, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Rahim, the leg-break from Chahal, tossed up outside off and spinning away, Rahim went down low, played the slog-sweep against the turn and placed it into the vacant mid-wicket boundary
18.4
Chahal to Rahim, FOUR, wrong line from Chahal, pushed through quicker and down leg, Rahim gets inside the line and tucks it fine - past Hardik's tumble and rolls away to the ropes
18.3
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, pushed through quicker and on Shakib's pads, worked past square leg for a single
18.2
Chahal to Shakib, no run, nicely tossed up on off, Shakib comes down the track and turns it towards mid-wicket
18.1
Chahal to Shakib, no run, tossed up on off, Shakib swipes and finds mid-wicket
17.6
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, short and at the stumps, Shakib swivels across and pulls it behind square on the on-side for a single
17.5
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, FOUR, nicely played by Shakib, might not have intended to go that fine, but he was in full control over the shot, on a good length and wide of off, Shakib lets the ball come onto him and then steers it past MS - no chance for the Indian keeper
17.4
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, 1 run, another bouncer from Pandya, but Rahim is equal to the task, gets on top of the bounce and pulls it past square leg for a single
17.3
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, 2 runs, banged in short and at the stumps, Rahim swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it in front of square on the on-side - a long chase for Shami in the deep and the batsmen settle for a couple
17.2
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rahim plays close to his body and finds backward point
17.1
Hardik Pandya to Shakib, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Shakib runs it down towards third man for a single
16.6
Chahal to Rahim, no run, very full and at the stumps, Rahim jams it back at the bowler
16.5
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, slower and turning back into the left-hander, worked past square leg for a single
16.4
Chahal to Shakib, no run, tossed up on off, Shakib leans across and flicks it straight to mid-wicket
16.3
Chahal to Rahim, 1 run, the leg-break from Chahal, slower and wider of off, eased into the gap past cover for a single
16.2
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, turn for Chahal, but it started from middle and spun past leg, Shakib was looking to tuck it fine, grazes an inside edge and runs past the keeper
16.1
Chahal to Rahim, 1 run, tossed up on off, Rahim gets close to the ball and drives it to long off for a single
15.6
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, 1 run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, Rahim was late on the drive, gets a thick edge towards third man
15.5
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, no run, the bouncer from Pandya, short and at the stumps, Rahim was looking to help it on its way and missed
15.4
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Rahim hops across and turns it to the right of Chahal at mid-wicket
15.3
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, no run, fraction fuller and on off, Rahim leans across and defends it back at the bowler
15.2
Hardik Pandya to Rahim, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, defended back at the bowler
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Soumya Sarkar, out Caught by Kohli!! That's soft, that's daft from Soumya - but it's even more poor from Kohli - takes the catch and points at the batsman - signalling that 'this time he's out'. Outrageous to say the least - from the Indian captain, can very well invite the ire of the match referee. The two umpires converge and ask the Indian captain to calm down, so does Rohit. A soft dismissal for Soumya, this was short and this was wide, was there to be smashed and all he did was to slap it straight to Virat Kohli at short extra-cover. A wicket against the run of play for India and the umpires have called for drinks wkt (2-74) min (67m). Soumya Sarkar c Kohli b Hardik Pandya 33(38) [4s-4]
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Soumya Sarkar, wide, Pandya starts with a slow loopy bouncer, sailed over Soumya's head and it's called as a wide
14.6
Chahal to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, tossed up on off, Soumya plays with soft hands and nudges it wide of mid-wicket for a single
14.5
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, nice loop from Chahal, slower and well outside off, Shakib presses across and swipes it to long-on for a single
14.4
Chahal to Shakib, no run, tossed up well outside off and spinning back in, Shakib got a good stride across on the swipe, drags it towards mid-wicket off the inner half
14.3
Chahal to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, much better from Chahal, loopy delivery outside off, Soumya was prodding forward in defence and squirts an inside edge behind square on the on-side
14.2
Chahal to Shakib, 1 run, tad too short from Chahal, punched down towards long-on for a single
14.1
Chahal to Shakib, no run, flatter and on Shakib's pads, he was looking to flick and missed
13.6
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, cracking shot, poor ball from Shami, dragged it short and wide of off, Soumya gets on top of the bounce and clatters it over cover - Pandya gets across from the deep, but he has no chance
13.5
Shami to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Shakib's pads, clipped past square leg for a single
13.4
Shami to Shakib, no run, the bouncer from Shami, Shakib ducks under it and lets it go
13.3
Shami to Shakib, no run, fuller length delivery and angling back into the left-hander, Shakib leans half-forward on the drive, didn't get hold of the shot and the ball rolled towards cover
13.2
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, Shami shortens his length outside off, dabbed down towards third man for a single
13.1
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, Soumya breaks the shackles, runs down the track, makes room to free his arms and then lifts it over mid-off, couple of bounces and over the ropes
12.6
Chahal to Shakib, no run, flighted on off, Shakib prods across and turns it to the on-side
12.5
Chahal to Shakib, no run, tossed up outside off, Shakib presses across and turns it to the on-side
12.4
Chahal to Shakib, 2 runs, pushed through outside leg, Shakib presses across and nudges it past the fielder at leg slip, back for the second run
12.3
Chahal to Shakib, no run, tossed up outside off, Shakib leans well forward and defends
12.2
Chahal to Shakib, no run, the leg-break from Chahal, the length is short though and lets Shakib tuck it to mid-wicket
12.1
Chahal to Shakib, FOUR, cheeky and four, Chahal has been put under pressure first-up, flighted delivery on the stumps, Shakib bends down low, uses the pace on the ball and laps it fine
11.6
Shami to Shakib, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Shakib runs it down towards third man for a single
11.5
Shami to Shakib, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Shakib presses across and dabs it to the off-side
11.4
Shami to Shakib, no run, short of a length and just outside off, Shakib wants to have a late dab and misses, the ball bounces in front of the keeper
11.3
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, on a good length and angling into the left-hander, Soumya tucks it wide of mid-wicket for a single
11.2
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, no run, loud shout for LBW, Kohli ponders and ponders, he can't get a confirmation from the keeper - who isn't MS. This looks close though, is there an inside edge? The bat is close to the pad and umpire Dar is having several looks. Did the ball graze the inside edge? He wants to check with the split-screen. This is a huge moment, the batsman is Soumya and Dar reckons the visuals are inconclusive. 'Very close to the bat, stay with your NOT OUT decision', he says to Erasmus. Virat Kohli is boiling over, he can't understand the third umpire's call. Has a chat with Erasmus and walks away. India lose their review. Soumya survives a close call - he was caught in the crease to one that nipped back in and think he missed. OK - Hawk-Eye in: It's umpire's call on hitting the stumps, would have stayed NOT OUT
11.1
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, lovely, on a good length and well wide of off, Soumya leans into the drive and caresses it through extra-cover, the timing is sublime and the ball rolls away to the ropes
10.6
Bumrah to Shakib, no run, the Indians got excited for a moment, but there was a big inside edge on that, Shakib was caught in the crease as he looked to whip with the angle - lucky for the edge, else, he was bang in front of middle
10.6
Bumrah to Shakib, wide, the bouncer from Bumrah, but it's sliding down the leg-side, called as a wide
10.5
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, short and wide of off, Soumya cuts it uppishly - through the vacant cover-point region for a single
10.4
Bumrah to Shakib, 1 run, change of pace from Bumrah, slower ball on Shakib's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
10.3
Bumrah to Shakib, no run, Bumrah shortens his length and angles one back into the left-hander, tucked towards square leg
10.2
Bumrah to Shakib, FOUR, beautifully played - shot of a man in form, on a good length and angling into the left-hander, Shakib leans into the drive and punches it back past the non-striker, wide of mid-on and rolls away to the ropes
10.1
Bumrah to Shakib, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Shakib drives it firmly towards mid-off, Soumya Sarkar wanted a single and is sent back
9.6
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, no run, another pacy ball cramping the batsman for room, Soumya Sarkar stays back in his crease and taps it towards gully
9.5
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, no run, in-slanter and Soumya Sarkar pats it into the off-side by opening his bat-face
9.4
Shami to Shakib, 1 run, Shakib gets off the mark straightaway. A pacy back of a length delivery at 141kph, Shakib walks across and tucks it towards fine leg to open his account
9.3
Shami to Tamim, out Bowled!! Chopped on! Shami continues to take wickets in the competition. In-slanter at 140kph and Tamim was looking to dab it away. The ball kept a tad low and Tamim ended up dragging it onto his stumps. He played from the crease against a ball he should have come forward. India get the breakthrough! wkt (1-39) min (39m). Tamim b Shami 22(31) [4s-3]
9.2
Shami to Tamim, no run, 142kph, back of a length delivery, Tamim wrists it to mid-wicket
9.1
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 137kph, dabs this short of length delivery to third man
8.6
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, fuller than a good length ball, Soumya Sarkar goes for the drive, inside-halves it to the left of mid-on
8.5
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, 1 run, off-pace ball at 121kph, once again it's on the pads and Tamim nurdles it behind square leg
8.4
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, back of a length delivery, too straight again, helped on its way to backward square leg
8.3
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, no run, stump-to-stump line, blocked back to the bowler
8.2
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, 1 run, 136kph, leg-lined length ball, tucked through square leg
8.1
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, 138kph, angling away, Tamim throws the kitchen sink, went very hard and in the process lost his shape. Failed to put bat on it and the ball goes to the keeper on the bounce
7.6
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 141kph, Soumya Sarkar angles this length ball towards backward point by opening his bat-face, can't scamper through for a single though
7.5
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, no run, fuller on off, blocked stoutly back at the bowler
7.4
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, first boundary for Soumya Sarkar! Should settle his nerves, if any. Pitched up delivery at 141kph, Sarkar gets forward and slices the drive over vacant point
7.3
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, 2 runs, waits for this short of length delivery to come close to him and opens his bat-face to steer it square of the man at third man
7.2
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, no run, decks in from a short of length at 144kph, Soumya Sarkar didn't expect the ball to come in. Hurriedly brings his bat down and somehow manages to keep it out into the off-side
7.1
Shami to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 139kph, short of a good length delivery from round the wicket, Soumya Sarkar tucks it to mid-wicket
6.6
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, 137kph, on a good length and marginally outside off, Tamim gets behind the line of it and blocks it down the pitch
6.5
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, 2 runs, Tamim goes after this 141kph bouncer with a pull shot off the back foot. Got it off the top part of the bat, but fortunately for Tamim it fell in the no-man's land in the mid-wicket region
6.4
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, 139kph, short of length delivery, jabbed to mid-wicket
6.3
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, 2 runs, slower ball - 121kph, but it is leg-lined, worked through backward square leg for two more
6.2
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, bouncer, the batsman ducks under it
6.1
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, full on middle and leg, flicked away, but straight to mid-wicket
5.6
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 144kph, Soumya Sarkar opens his bat-face and guides it to the right of backward point. Hardik is quick to mop that up
5.5
Bumrah to Tamim, Byes, 1 run, sharp bumper and Tamim ducks under it. Dhoni leaps a gets a hand on it to take the pace off the ball. Saved three runs there did the keeper
5.4
Bumrah to Tamim, no run, 150kph! Fuller than a good length ball, Tamim pushes it off the inside edge towards mid-wicket
5.3
Bumrah to Tamim, no run, pacy in-slanter and Tamim is rooted in the crease. Plays down the wrong line and gets rapped on the front pad. That's missing leg though. Hence no major appeal for lbw
5.2
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, 5 runs, 141kph, back of a length delivery cramping the batter for room. Soumya Sarkar taps it in front of backward point and sets off for a sharp single. Hardik has a shy at the striker's end and Chahal (backing up) can't stop that despite a dive. Four bonus runs for Sarkar and Bangladesh. Bumrah isn't happy
5.1
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 143kph, steers a length ball to the left of backward point and Hardik makes a good stop moving across
4.6
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 133kph, back of a length delivery, bounces a bit more than Soumya Sarkar expected it to. Plays with soft hands as he runs it down to third man. The bottom hand came off the handle too
4.5
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, 1 run, fuller in length and Tamim drives it to the right of mid-off for a quick single
4.4
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, 138kph, seams in a touch from a short of length and Tamim tries to punch, squirts an inside edge towards the on-side
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, three in a row! Back of a length delivery and Tamim is late to close his bat-face. Hits the thigh pad and rolls towards the cordon
4.2
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, once again, Tamim is cramped for room and the batsman is also beaten for pace. It zipped through
4.1
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, 139kph, short of length delivery, Tamim plays all around it as he is cramped for room. Gets hit on the front leg, but it pitched outside leg
3.6
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, maiden over! Slants in a short of length delivery at 143kph and that's been kept out into the off-side from the crease
3.5
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, beaten again! Another out-seamer at 140kph and Soumya Sarkar was shaping up to play a booming drive. Whizzed past the outside edge
3.4
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, fuller in length, Soumya Sarkar straight-bats the block towards mid-off
3.3
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 137kph, straighter line from a length and Soumya Sarkar defends it into the leg-side
3.2
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, peach! Seam-up ball, angles in and nips away off the deck opening up Soumya Sarkar in the process. The left-hander hopped and stuck his bat out to have a feel for it. Missed the outside edge and wasn't far away from the off-stump either
3.1
Bumrah to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 146kph, pitched up delivery, Soumya Sarkar drives it with a bent back leg, finds mid-off
2.6
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, 2 runs, 137kph, attacks the stumps from a length and that's been tucked through mid-wicket for a couple
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, FOUR, third boundary for Tamim. Too wide from Bhuvneshwar, you can't bowl there to him. Easy pickings for Tamim, who stands tall and fiercely cuts it through point. Sped away to the fence
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 138kph, Soumya Sarkar uses the bowler's angle (slanted across) in running it down to third man
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length delivery, waits for the ball and dabs it towards second slip
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 138kph, short of a good length, Soumya Sarkar is half-forward to pat it towards mid-off with an angled blade
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, no run, in-angler, no room on offer and Soumya Sarkar defends down the pitch
1.6
Bumrah to Tamim, FOUR, two boundaries in the over for Tamim. Bumrah dishes out width outside off on this short of length after changing the angle (round the wicket). The southpaw doesn't need second invitation to pounce. Throws his bat and flays it through cover-point
1.5
Bumrah to Tamim, no run, 139kph, good length delivery, Tamim gets forward and blocks it towards cover
1.4
Bumrah to Tamim, FOUR, top shot! A half-volley on the pads at 140kph, Tamim puts it away in style. Leans across and flicks it nonchalantly past the diving mid-wicket fielder
1.3
Bumrah to Tamim, no run, 139kph, short ball, Tamim rides the bounce with a hop and drops it into the off-side with soft hands. Can't nab a run
1.2
Bumrah to Tamim, no run, 137kph, touch fuller than a good length, defended towards cover
1.1
Bumrah to Tamim, no run, 137kph, fuller than a good length ball on the sticks, Tamim blunts it on the leg-side
0.6
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, no run, gets the last ball to swing in and Soumya Sarkar hurriedly brings his bat down to block it out. Tidy start from Bhuvneshwar
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length delivery jags away a long way wide of off and Soumya Sarkar tentatively fished at it. Goes past the outside edge and that's not wided
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, 1 run, length ball with a hint of away shape from round the wicket, Tamim drives with hard hands and ends up outside-edging it past second slip. A single down to third man
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, 135kph, Tamim sees the width outside off and slashes at it. Got beaten by the lack of pace
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, 137kph, good length delivery attacking the sticks, Tamim tucks it to mid-wicket
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to Tamim, no run, starts with a full and away-angling delivery outside off, Tamim shoulders arms
Commentary
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mosaddek Hossain,Rubel,Soumya Sarkar,Sabbir Rahman,Mustafizur,Liton Das
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
