48.3
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, FOUR, and the stab past point does it for the Kiwis. The high flying Kiwis continue their top flight. SA sink again. Have they drowned? Might well be a little straw lying somewhere. Short, slow and wide.. Williamson laid his bat on it and got it between point and short third for a four
48.2
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, SIX, wow! Ton for the skipper! And whatta shot to bring it up. Slower delivery and has been slog swept over deep mid. This man. Take a bow. Ton of the tournament? Picked the bones out of that dead meat of a slower delivery. The scores are level!
48.1
Phehlukwayo to Santner, 1 run, slower delivery at the body, pulled away to deep mid for a single. Miller did well to move to his left and release the throw to allow only a single. 7 off 5 balls
47.6
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, FOUR, touch of genius! That was deft. Cute. Adjectives on a loop mode. Slower one outside off and was guided away past the man at short third for a four. Should the third man been on the fence for the final ball? Rabada in the last over was asked of the same by his skipper. Williamson showed his presence of mind though. Superb percentage shot and got them four runs
47.5
Lungi Ngidi to Santner, 1 run, smashes it dead straight! As straight as the ram-rod and disturbs the wood work at the bowler's end. Only a single as the ricochet off the sticks goes to long-off. Needless to mention was another slower delivery. 12 off 7 balls. And Lungi Ngidi trying to stop it almost did a full split
47.4
Lungi Ngidi to Santner, no run, ripping offie outside off and Santner looks to guide and misses it. 13 off 8 balls. Tension..mind your nails..
47.3
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, chips down the track and chips it over the bowler's head for a single. First run off the over
47.2
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, has he dropped it? Or did it not carry? Slower delivery and Williamson almost got a soft leading edge which landed inches short of the bowler, who dived forward. Kiwis breathe
47.1
Lungi Ngidi to Colinde Grandhomme, out Caught by du Plessis!! The beam balance shifts again. Length delivery, slower one and was heaved away down the ground. The man at long-off takes it. Was that shot needed? But then he was the man who has got the Kiwis in this comfortable position. Colinde Grandhomme backed himself to clear the fence I suppose but ended up mistiming it. Faf under pressure doesn't crumble and takes wkt (6-228) min (70m). Colinde Grandhomme c du Plessis b Lungi Ngidi 60(47) [4s-5 6s-2]
46.6
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, carved to point and the fielder being at the edge of the circle allows the single to be taken. CDG on strike for the next over and 14 needed
46.5
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, outer-halves the ball away to short third man and the fielder there disallows a single. 15 off 13 needed
46.4
Rabada to Williamson, 1 run, intelligent from Williamson as he dabs the ball out to third man for a single
46.3
Rabada to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery and Williamson jumps back to push the ball away to point
46.2
Rabada to Williamson, no run, hops back and looks to tuck, inside edges the ball away to the keeper
46.1
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, short, wide, how on earth would that fetch a wicket? Slammed away into the covers for a single
45.6
Lungi Ngidi to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, slower delivery and has been nudged out into the on-side for a single. 17 off 18 balls
45.6
Lungi Ngidi to Colinde Grandhomme, wide, slower delivery, too much outside off and has been wided
45.5
Lungi Ngidi to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, SA in big games have cold feet..and hands as well. That was short, pulled away and Miller at deep mid dived forward to take it and missed it. Rabada at deep square dived over the ball and allowed the ball to go to the fence. Four vital runs
45.4
Lungi Ngidi to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, slower delivery outside off and Colinde Grandhomme looks to slog and misses
45.3
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, cover driven for a single off a slower delivery
45.2
Lungi Ngidi to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads and has been nurdled away into the on-side for a single
45.1
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, slower delivery and Williamson looks to drag it. The ball lobs up and there is no one at mid-on. Single, streaky one though
44.6
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, one of the most vital fifties of this tourney. The highlights package after the tournament ends has to feature this knock. 52 off 39 balls in a game where run scoring has been tough. But it has been one way traffic for Colinde Grandhomme. See the ball, hit the ball. That was in the slot and was heaved away over mid-wicket for a four. One bounce and into the fence
44.5
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, the bail tails in! Is there some reverse? Colinde Grandhomme gets the bat down in time and jams it out into the off-side
44.4
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, lame poke outside off and it flies past the outer edge. That was lazy as there was hardly any feet into that shot. Close escape. Kiwis have made that their occupation today
44.3
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, stabs the ball down to deep third man for a single
44.2
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, another length delivery outside off and has been defended out into the off-side with soft hands
44.1
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, fuller, little bend into the batter and has been blocked out into the off-side
43.6
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, waits on the slower delivery and nurdles it away to fine leg for a single. 31 off 30. But trust both teams to make this interesting!!!
43.5
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, powers the ball down to long-on for a single
43.5
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no ball, 1 run, dropped off a no-ball! That was a high beamer. Almost chest high and the pull found the man at fine leg, who dropped it. Doesn't matter but Ngidi there dropped a dolly
43.4
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 2 runs, drags the pull past mid-wicket off a slower ball and gets a brace as the man at long-on had a long throw back at the keeper's end. Two more
43.3
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, full toss and has been clipped away to deep square leg for a single
43.2
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, and the steer goes away to the third man fence for a four! Slower delivery and Colinde Grandhomme gets it off the outer half of the bat to get it past short third man
43.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, slower delivery and Williamson chops the ball down to short third man for a single
42.6
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, his stock shot..the steer to third man for a single. That's his piggybank of a shot. Relies on it mostly in times of need
42.5
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been clipped past the man at mid-wicket for a single. That was sweetly timed. Perhaps the only one to have been timing it more than mistiming it
42.4
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, length ball, darts in and has been blocked to the man at point. 45 off 38 balls
42.3
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, another of those slower deliveries outside off and has been carved out to point
42.2
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, slaps the cut aerially into the off-side for a single. Was another slower delivery
42.1
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, stabs the length delivery outside off and the keeper picks the ball up
41.6
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, short ball outside off and has been pulled past mid-wicket for a single. Picket fence over as six singles come off it. 3000 ODI runs as a skipper for KW. Has taken 69 games to do so
41.5
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, yorkerish delivery and has been clipped out into the on-side for a single. 41 off 30 balls
41.4
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, another slower delivery and has been pushed out to long-on for a single. Singles will do for the Kiwis
41.3
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, toe-ends the pull away to deep square for a single. Didn't time that at all
41.2
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, stands up tall and cuts it past cover for a single. Jumped on that slower length delivery
41.1
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, punchy drive off a slower ball and it goes past the man at cover for a single. 51 needed off 47
40.6
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been pushed out to mid-off. Single stolen
40.5
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, and again, little shape into the batter and has been guarded into the on-side
40.4
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, back of a length delivery and has been tucked out into the on-side
40.3
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, decks in from a length, Colinde Grandhomme forces the push, gets the edge and the ball flies past the keeper for a four. Where is the slip, Faf? Might not have carried though. Fifty of the partnership comes up. 37 of them have come from Colinde Grandhomme. Game changing knock for sure
40.2
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, length delivery outside off and has been left alone
40.1
Rabada to Williamson, leg byes, 1 run, madness! Absolute madness. Looks to pull, misses and gets hit on the body. The two batters created chaos and were mid-pitch trying to steal a single. KG picked the ball up and threw it at the bowler's end only to miss it. KW was a goner if that would have hit. Even if Miller at the sticks near the bowler's end would have collected it, things could have been fatal for KW. But alas, that kind of a day for SA
39.6
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, just a meek push down to long-on for a single. 58 off 54. KW knows he has CDG at the other end and hence doesn't look fussed
39.5
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, slower delivery and has been stabbed out into the off-side with soft hands. Five dot balls. Will KW do something fancy?
39.4
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, uppish on-drive and it finds the man at mid-on on a few bounces. Was another slower delivery
39.3
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, slower delivery and has been knocked away into the on-side with a closed face of the bat. 59 off 57 balls now
39.2
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, chops the ball down and finds the man at point
39.1
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, stays behind and stabs the ball out
38.6
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, length delivery and has been tucked away behind square for a double. 10 off the over. The match slipping away?
38.5
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, slower delivery and has been carved away past point for a double. Waited on it and steered it past the point fielder
38.4
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, short of length delivery and has been pushed back under the eyes
38.3
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, SIX, drops it short! Why KG? That has been dispatched away over deep square. Rocked back and slammed it with a merciless pull
38.2
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, and again another length delivery and has been defended into the turf
38.1
Rabada to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, length delivery and has been stabbed down into the deck
37.6
Tahir to Williamson, no run, and an excellent ball to finish the spell. Slower, well tossed up leggie, bounces more and beats the dab from Williamson. The Kiwi skipper is gutted. And hang on. The UltraEdge shows a spike. It was off the toe-end. SA didn't pick it up and hence didn't review. Tahir appealed but didn't get support
37.5
Tahir to Williamson, no run, dabs the leggie away into the off-side
37.4
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, what an attempt! Miller almost does a Stokes! That was behind him when he managed to get his right hand to the ball in an attempt to pluck a blinder. That was tucked off the back foot, Miller flew to his left and then managed to fling his right hand in the air to grab at the ball but alas it didn't stick
37.3
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, and a slowish lowish full toss, driven down to long-off for a single
37.2
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, tucked down to long-on off the back foot
37.1
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, and was that a catch? Yes, wasn't a bump ball. Williamson was too early into the clip and the ball landed centimetres away from Miller at short mid. The fielder dived to his left with outstretched hands but couldn't take it
36.6
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been pushed out into the off-side
36.5
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, dabs the ball away behind square on the off-side for a single
36.4
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, and the slower delivery takes him aback. Looks to steer and edges it for the ball to land well short of the keeper
36.3
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, wrists the ball away into the on-side and gets it down to the square leg region for a single
36.2
Phehlukwayo to Colinde Grandhomme, SIX, mammmaaamiaaaaahhhh! That's outta here. Short, at the body and has been pulled away for a massive six over deep backward square. Picked the bones out of that dead meat of a ball. Lacked pace that ball
36.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, fuller but loses his radar and has been clipped away to fine leg for a single
35.6
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, and that is safe! Risky single attempted and the man at mid-wicket needed to score a direct hit at the batter's end but couldn't. Williamson dinked it away into the on-side and stuttered a bit before taking off. Colinde Grandhomme also didn't start off the blocks straightaway and almost was in trouble. Miller charged in quickly but couldn't get the direct hit
35.5
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, another similar delivery and the low full toss has been driven down to long-on for a single. Again the weight of the batter was firmly on the back foot. Pushed out uppishly to long-on
35.4
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, that's poor from Colinde Grandhomme as he tries to push the ball back without any feet. Thankfully, it was more of a low full toss and didn't dip much on him
35.3
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, too full, driven down to long-on for a single
35.2
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, uppish punch extracts a 'catch' sound from the keeper but that was well to the right of the bowler. Single to long-on
35.1
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, that's a mighty risky shot! Plays across the line and heaves the ball away behind square. Got enough wood to drag the ball away. It was aerial and there was no at square leg
34.6
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, fuller delivery and has been off-driven to mid-off. Williamson moved his feet well into the shot but couldn't place it and hence mid-off cut it off
34.5
Chris Morris to Williamson, FOUR, and that's the pressure release shot! The Morris syndrome gets to Chris Morris i.e to bowl a bad ball per over. Short, outside off and Williamson dragged the short ball through mid-wicket for a crunching shot. Four more
34.4
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery and has been punched off the back foot to point. Dot ball means pressure
34.3
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, and the right arm will have the stinging sensation for a while. Short ball, takes an eternity to arrive and Williamson was through with his shot too early. Gets hit on the right arm. He is okay and no physio intervention is needed
34.2
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, length delivery, slightly fuller may be and has been square driven past point for a single. Little loose from Colinde Grandhomme
34.1
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, length delivery outside off and has been knocked away off the back foot into the on-side
33.6
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, no googly as of yet to Colinde Grandhomme. The batter was well forward and dead batted it
33.5
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, flatter ball decking in and has been punched down to long-on for a single
33.4
Tahir to Williamson, no run, loopy ball on the sticks and has been meted out with a block
33.3
Tahir to Williamson, no run, tossed up delivery and blocked out into the off-side by Williamson with soft hands
33.2
Tahir to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, played for the googly and ended up outer-halving the ball away into the off-side for a single
33.1
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, punchy drive down to long-on for a single
32.6
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, slower delivery and has been nudged away behind square for a double. Colinde Grandhomme seized the oppurtunity of a double and made it easy. Called for the second and KW didn't hesitate
32.5
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, fuller ball and crisp looking drive finds the man at mid-off. He is timing them well
32.4
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, CDG still has the IPL mode on. On the pads, clipped away aerially and one bounce into the deep mid fence. Stylish!!!
32.3
Chris Morris to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, confident start for Colinde Grandhomme on a slowish track. Punches the ball off the full face of the bat past cover for a double
32.2
Chris Morris to Neesham, out Caught by Amla!! Superb captaincy! The slip was positioned and the slip nets the wicket. Length delivery going across, Neesham slashes and gifts a catch to the man at widish slip. SA are back in this. Morris exults in delight. Whatta good catch from Amla wkt (5-137) min (60m). Neesham c Amla b Chris Morris 23(34) [4s-3]
32.1
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, lofted drive on the up, the man at mid-off dives to his left and stops it
31.6
Phehlukwayo to Neesham, no run, cuts in off a length on middle and leg. Bunted back down the pitch
31.5
Phehlukwayo to Neesham, FOUR, overcooks this and Neesham has a lot of power in his bottom-hand to smash it powerfully down the ground
31.4
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, short, shoulder-high. Pulled behind square
31.3
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, tries forcing matters through the leg-side, dragging something around the fifth-stump without any timing to mid-wicket
31.2
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, 131kph, banged in short. And a quick duck
31.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, FOUR, edged. Past slip. Phehlukwayo finally gets in a legal delivery, but Williamson in his quest to throw his hands out at the width can't quite time it right, but the streak will fly fast past a diving Amla at fly slip
31.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, wide, length, but now errs on the other side of the wicket - outside off
31.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, wide, ash 132kph, full, but all of it's wasted down leg
30.6
Rabada to Neesham, no run, a tickle? Neesham's jumping inside the line as he tries to glance it away, and when he doesn't, both Quinton and Rabada are up in half an appeal, before looking at each other, but no, not worth going upstairs
30.5
Rabada to Neesham, no run, slower bumper. Neesham ducks, Quinton gets a bad bounce, but it's all calm in the end
30.4
Rabada to Williamson, 1 run, slight width, allowing Williamson to punch this through sweeper
30.3
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 140kph, on the hop, steering it straight to point
30.2
Rabada to Williamson, no run, another one that gets big off a back of a length, tapped better and straight to slip this time
30.1
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 142kph, spits up extra thanks to this cross-seam, and Williamson actually does well to adjust and dab, but Amla - a diving Amla - at slip will cut it off
29.6
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, more slow short stuff. Williamson now swivels as well in trying to manufacture all the power he needs to pull this away into orbit, dragging off the under-half in the end through square leg
29.5
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 2 runs, throws his bat out at a seeming sitter outside off, chopping it just past his stumps to fine leg
29.4
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, 113kph, slower, sticking more on the pitch and then scooting along the turf. Poor Williamson tries to go across the line to it, losing all shape with the ball sneaking through
29.3
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, full, but it just doesn't come onto the bat as Williamson's drive hopes, skewing back down the pitch off the inside half
29.2
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, the changed up off-cutter. Slapped, hard, can't beat point though
29.1
Phehlukwayo to Neesham, 1 run, on the thighs now, glanced, fine leg
29.1
Phehlukwayo to Neesham, wide, slipping down leg, a little too much in fact
28.6
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 143kph, cuts back in big off the pitch, past the attempted glance to pop back down the pitch off the thighs
28.5
Rabada to Williamson, 2 runs, 143kph, leans behind in more of those steers backward of point, this time two-worthy with third man pretty fine
28.4
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 143kph, hopping shuffle, defending it down as he does
28.3
Rabada to Neesham, 1 run, 139kph, hops again, nurdling it off his legs through square leg
28.2
Rabada to Neesham, no run, hops beside the line, sticking up an opened bat face from in front of his tummy to dab it away to point
28.1
Rabada to Williamson, 1 run, 140kph, the hard good length on off. A shuffling tuck wide of mid-on
27.6
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, another walking on-drive, and another fifty -- yea, in operation since 2010. Who's even keeping count any more?
27.5
Tahir to Williamson, no run, spots the googly, uses it in a very soft nudge to square leg
27.4
Tahir to Neesham, 1 run, carved away, but Miller at short cover is a near fortress
27.3
Tahir to Neesham, no run, forward again, this time in a squeezed-out toe-end back to the bowler
27.2
Tahir to Neesham, no run, reaches forward, now closing out the line in defence
27.1
Tahir to Neesham, FOUR, a bit of a chipped slog-sweep. He gets one in the slot and Neesham's sittig down to loft it uppishly, checking his bat swing as he places it well into cow corner
26.6
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 2 runs, neatly clipped away off a leg-line through mid-wicket
26.5
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, a very crunchy on-punch, alas, you don't get runs for your timing, and mid-on will NOT misfield
26.4
Lungi Ngidi to Neesham, 1 run, 117kph, slower but shorter. Neesham has the time to line himself up on the back foot as he dabs it past slip
26.3
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, 109kph, the slower change-up, which Williamson waits for and flicks through mid-wicket
26.2
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, full on off, drive-worthy, but Williamson continues picking out cover
26.1
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, on a length on off, the line-covering defence
25.6
Tahir to Neesham, no run, shorter, spinning back in. Bunted back
25.5
Tahir to Neesham, no run, big cover drive attempted, but Tahir gets it to grip on the footmarks and rip back in through his defence
25.4
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, rocks behind, straight-batting his punch to long-on
25.3
Tahir to Williamson, no run, goes sweeping. But the ball spins big from down leg, which Williamson can only drag away to backward square leg in the circle
25.2
Tahir to Williamson, no run, big press in an inside-out slap. But cover, once again, will ruin his timing
25.1
Tahir to Neesham, 1 run, defends off the outside half to point, tip and run stuff
24.6
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, and it'll be a maiden. Kane, in all his efforts, cannot get this punch past cover
24.5
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, 139kph, a hopping cut, only to pick out a tumbling backward point -- 10 dots in a row
24.4
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, overpitched, drilled away to mid-off
24.3
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, oooh. And Williamson's cut in half here with the ball nipping in big off a back of a length, through the away-from-the-body defence
24.2
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, full, going across off, driven firmly to mid-off
24.1
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, back of a length and cutting in on the body. Stabbed, inside-halving back down the ground
23.6
Tahir to Neesham, no run, slowed up through the air, Neesham will wait for it this time to get close and then smother it down
23.5
Tahir to Neesham, no run, fuller, crunches the drive to cover
23.4
Tahir to Neesham, no run, rocks behind and taps it off the inside of a cross-bat to the bowler
23.3
Tahir to Neesham, no run, massive LBW appeal, and Tahir was convinced. Oh he really was. It's Quinton who's playing spoilsport here, stabbing him in the back as he signals the ball to be pitching down leg to Faf. All of it is off a missed Neesham sweep -- and the replays will vindicate Quinton, it's down leg after all
23.2
Tahir to Neesham, no run, pitched up on off, whippy cover drive, and short cover
23.1
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, too straight, glanced away in front of square
22.6
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, and some more down to third man. Kane doesn't do anything ugly
22.5
Lungi Ngidi to Neesham, 1 run, 132kph, cramped up in his steer, but will still manage to get it to sneak under the diving wide slip
22.4
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, 136kph, continues opening his blade up at the width and continues running them down to third man
22.3
Lungi Ngidi to Neesham, 1 run, short, wide, stabbed backward of point
22.2
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, 1 run, big fat outside edge on the chop, third man
22.1
Lungi Ngidi to Williamson, no run, 133kph, good length angling in, tucked away softly to leg
21.6
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, slightly outside off, tapped quietly, point
21.5
Tahir to Neesham, 1 run, full outside off, carved away wide of cover
21.4
Tahir to Neesham, no run, squirts an outside edge to point, and Neesham wants another single that Williamson couldn't be bothered less about. Obviously, the skipper will prevail
21.3
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, another loopy toss up, another lean and another cover drive
21.2
Tahir to Williamson, no run, googly, a line-covered defence
21.1
Tahir to Williamson, no run, a little too close to the pitch of it, nearly jamming his drive out to cover
20.6
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, 135kph, cuts in on off, steered away carefully, third man
20.5
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, 138kph, goes short, head-high around. Williamson couldn't care less, ducking
20.4
Chris Morris to Neesham, 1 run, 139kph, a bit of a hop, lining himself right beside it to dab it backward of point
20.3
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, tails into the pads, tucked away round the corner
20.2
Chris Morris to Williamson, FOUR, ah, neat. It may be getting tricky, but Williamson will still find a way to make the struggle look stylish. He undoubtedly has the best on-drive in cricket, and so why not show off. Full and he leans in to the pitch of this in punching it straight back, with mid-on just too square
20.1
Chris Morris to Neesham, 1 run, 132kph, tummy-lined, a very-checked carve away past slip
19.6
Tahir to Neesham, 1 run, quicker drag down. Knocked down to long-on off the back foot
19.5
Tahir to Neesham, no run, drifts across, Neesham covers the in-spin to stay watchful, bat-pad stuck in the plonk
19.4
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, low full toss, clipped down to long-on
19.3
Tahir to Williamson, no run, running confusion, but no, nothing beyond. It's punched wide of the diving short cover, but mid-off is quick enough to cut it off
19.2
Tahir to Williamson, no run, another stride, this time beside the line in keeping it out
19.1
Tahir to Williamson, no run, tossed up full, the Test-like forward block
18.6
Chris Morris to Neesham, no run, 137kph, pitched up on off. Neesham leans in, driving it out to mid-off
18.5
Chris Morris to Neesham, FOUR, 133kph. Slight width, and Neesham can latch on with a fierce slap, crashing it away through the covers .. that should restore some confidence
18.4
Chris Morris to Neesham, no run, 134kph, short, climbing up well. Neesham's on a sway
18.3
Chris Morris to Neesham, no run, squared up big. Another one of those away-jaggers off the pitch, with Neesham half-nibbling at it, luckily not too far
18.2
Chris Morris to Neesham, no run, tentaitive leave. Bang in the channel of the fourth stump, nipping away off the pitch with Neesham lining up to defend at first and then shoulder arms, bravely
18.1
Chris Morris to Latham, out Caught by de Kock!! Another tickle. And Morris is on a dream run here. He hits the back of a length and gets it to jag across an already squared up Latham - who's waiting tentatively on the back foot with the bat hung outside - only to run it down the keeper's throat off the outside of his splice. That 241 all of a sudden seems plenty wkt (4-80) min (6m). Latham c de Kock b Chris Morris 1(4)
17.6
Tahir to Williamson, no run, back, across, and now on a more certain feeling block
17.5
Tahir to Williamson, no run, on a big heave, but the dipping googly is good enough to sneak under the bat
17.4
Tahir to Williamson, no run, googly, skids on quickly in an awkwardly hurried inside-edge squirting out to leg
17.3
Tahir to Williamson, no run, another big forward stride, and a lesser self-york
17.2
Tahir to Williamson, no run, more loop but fuller and closer to off. Williamson's on a walk down to york himself as he squeezes it out
17.1
Tahir to Williamson, FOUR, the wide teasing toppie. Williamson goes to chop, gets too close, too low and has the cramped top-edge flying past slip, fine enough too
16.6
Chris Morris to Latham, no run, angles across, but close enough to get Latham poking -- and he does half of it, missing fully
16.5
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, slight width, Williamson will slap it away through sweeper
16.4
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, 131kph, length, nipping in on off. Williamson will line his defence up
16.3
Chris Morris to Latham, 1 run, fuller, getting Latham to reach out as he steers it away through point
16.2
Chris Morris to Latham, no run, length, just outside off, left
16.1
Chris Morris to Ross Taylor, out Caught by de Kock!! Tickle, strangle and the twist. Morris is visibly embarrassed with this one himself, with this slipping down leg off the length that usually is called a half volley. Taylor flicks, like most do, and kisses the outside of it to the keeper. A hit-wicket that on another day might not have been and now getting caught down leg .. somebody up there is undoing the tears of 2011 and 2015 wkt (3-74) min (6m). Ross Taylor c de Kock b Chris Morris 1(2)
15.6
Tahir to Williamson, no run, tidy start from Tahir. Tossed up ball on the stumps, Williamson keeps it out with a block
15.5
Tahir to Williamson, no run, 'catch it' is the cry. Falls short of the bowler. A googly from Imran Tahir and it held onto the pitch. Not sure if Williamson picked it, but he delayed his stroke (punch). Luckily for KW, it didn't carry to Tahir
15.4
Tahir to Ross Taylor, 1 run, comes down the track, converts it into a low full toss and dinks to long-on
15.3
Tahir to Williamson, 1 run, a low full toss, dinked to long-on
15.2
Tahir to Williamson, no run, leans across and drives to cover
15.1
Tahir to Williamson, no run, shortish ball outside off, cut straight to backward point
14.6
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, out Hit Wkt!! A gift for South Africa. Guptill has a sheepish smile on his face as he walks back to the dressing room. A shortish ball with extra lift and Guptill was late on the pull shot. It came off the top part of the bat and went in the gap between mid-on and mid-wicket. Faf, at slip, was frustrated that the ball went in the gap. But, in the meantime Guptill slipped a bit while trying to take off for the single and took down the stumps with his back leg. Ah! One of the unluckiest dismissals wkt (2-72) min (68m). Guptill hit wkt b Phehlukwayo 35(59) [4s-5]
14.5
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, short and wide outside off, Williamson is back and across to scythe it in front of square on the off-side
14.4
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 2 runs, closes his bat-face does Williamson and turns the length ball through square leg for two more runs
14.3
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, FOUR, touch short, Williamson saw that coming. The right-handed batsman swivels across and pulls it off the inside edge. The ball runs away fine and beats the long leg fielder comfortably
14.2
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, FOUR, class! Gets one in the slot wide of off - the half-volley and the skipper doesn't need second invitation to put it away. Leans into a drive and caresses it wide of mid-off
14.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, full ball at 130kph, Williamson moves across towards off and drives it to mid-on
13.6
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, 137kph, length ball, a punchy-steer to backward point follows
13.5
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, 134kph, on a length and around off, solidly blocked towards mid-off
13.4
Chris Morris to Guptill, 2 runs, 135kph, pitched up delivery, Guptill comes on the front foot and drives it past the man at cover. Rabada, the fielder in the deep, attacks the ball and fails to gather it cleanly. Allows the batsmen to come back for the second
13.3
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, 135kph, fuller length delivery, push-driven to mid-off
13.2
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, touch too short and Williamson tucks it wide of mid-on for a quick single
13.1
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, mighty close to the outside edge! That's a peach. A wobble-seam good length ball, Williamson was playing for the in-angle, but the ball nibbled away ever so lightly to miss the outside edge. So close!
12.6
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, no run, shortened length and Guptill pats it to mid-off
12.5
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, no run, punched to short extra cover from the crease
12.4
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, no run, the ball arrives later than Guptill expects it to and hence Guptill checks his shot. Kept out on the off-side off the bottom part of the bat
12.3
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, FOUR, nowhere close to the middle, but Guptill will get four. Nips in a touch and Guptill was playing a cover drive. The ball takes the inside part of the bat and runs away through the mid-wicket region. Has enough legs in the end to go to the fence
12.2
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, no run, punched firmly off the back foot, but straight to backward point
12.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, 130kph, back of a length delivery, punched to deep point
11.6
Chris Morris to Guptill, 2 runs, 137kph, shortish ball, Guptill fetches it from outside off and pulls it fiercely through mid-wicket. VDD runs across to his left and puts in a slide to save a couple of runs
11.5
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, fenced to cover
11.4
Chris Morris to Williamson, 1 run, 134kph, shortened length, steered to third man
11.3
Chris Morris to Williamson, FOUR, Morris pitches it up, too full and Williamson takes heavy toll of it. Relies on timing and caresses the straight drive beating mid-off to his right
11.2
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, ooh! Once again, the ball sticks into the pitch and Williamson is taken aback. This short of length ball arrived late and Williamson had to check his shot (the glance). Gets a leading edge that pops up in the air, but falls well short of backward point
11.1
Chris Morris to Williamson, no run, seams in from a short of length, Williamson rides the bounce and pushes it towards cover
10.6
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, no run, 124kph, back of a length delivery, Guptill wants to slap it through the covers, gets done in by the lack of pace. Mistimed to mid-off
10.5
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, no run, stump-to-stump line channel, a shuffling Guptill bunts it to mid-on
10.4
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, 128kph, full and outside off, Williamson gets forward and drives it all along the carpet to sweeper cover
10.3
Phehlukwayo to Guptill, 1 run, 128kph, length ball wide of off that holds onto the pitch, Guptill delays his slash and the ball runs away to third man off the outside edge
10.2
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, 1 run, 128kph, width served and Williamson steers it to third man
10.1
Phehlukwayo to Williamson, no run, 124kph, back of a length delivery, Williamson punches fiercely off the back foot, but straight to short cover
9.6
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, 139kph, fuller ball on off and middle, stoutly blocked to the left of the bowler
9.5
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, 140kph, seams in a touch and Guptill gets an inside edge on this forward block. Gently rolls into the leg-side
9.4
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, short of length delivery around off, Guptill hangs back and taps it to cover
9.3
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, 133kph, angled in on leg, Guptill moves towards off and bunts it into the leg-side
9.2
Chris Morris to Guptill, 2 runs, 134kph, shortish ball wide of off, Guptill hangs back and slaps it over vacant extra cover. Got it off the bottom part of the bat and hence has to settle with a couple
9.1
Chris Morris to Guptill, no run, 133kph, good length delivery on middle, Guptill defends it to cover from the crease
8.6
Rabada to Guptill, 1 run, 146kph, very full and that's been pushed to the left of the bowler for a quick single. The mid-on fielder moves to his left and mops it up
8.5
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 143kph, banged in short, Guptill spots it, crouches and sways away from it
8.4
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 143kph, a confident forward stride from Guptill followed by a block into the off-side
8.3
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 146kph, angled in on off and middle, the length is fuller and Guptill is watchful in his defence towards cover-point
8.2
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 141kph, pitched up delivery outside off, left alone
8.1
Rabada to Williamson, 3 runs, 139kph, short of length delivery, Williamson rises on his toes and punches it through cover. Markram runs back, slides and flicks the ball back into play. Saved a run for his team there
7.6
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, FOUR, nicely done! A full-pitched delivery at 139kph, Guptill uses the width outside off to good effect. Leans forward and chips it over the covers. Once he got it over the 30-yard circle, there was no one to stop that
7.5
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 137kph, pitched up delivery, driven firmly off the front foot but straight to the man at mid-off
7.4
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, very full ball at 137kph, curled in a touch and Guptill brings his bat down at the right moment to keep it out on the off-side
7.3
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 141kph, Ngidi persists with the fullish length, pushed into the off-side
7.2
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 142kph, Guptill sees the width outside off on this fullish ball and threw his bat at it. All he manages is an under edge that rolls back to the bowler. Guptill was through with his shot a touch too early
7.1
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 136kph, back of a length delivery, defended back to the bowler
6.6
Rabada to Guptill, 1 run, 146kph, flicks a low full toss to the left of VDD at mid-wicket who dives across and parries it towards mid-on
6.5
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 145kph, shortish in-angler, Guptill hops to tuck it through the on-side, gets a leading edge towards point
6.4
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 145kph, Guptill allows this length ball to come to him and taps it to backward point
6.3
Rabada to Guptill, no run, in-slanting length ball at 139kph, Guptill opens his bat-face and maneuvers it into the off-side. Can't find the gap though
6.2
Rabada to Guptill, no run, banged in short and Guptill sways away from the line of the ball
6.1
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 147kph, fuller than a good length ball, pushed defensively towards point
5.6
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, 1 run, on the pads, worked around the corner
5.5
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, FOUR, another half-volley at 140kph. Guptill plonks his left leg forward and plays another drive with a straight bat. Ngidi got a hand to it in his followthrough, but the ball has enough legs to run away to the fence. The mid-off fielder gave a chase, in vain
5.4
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, FOUR, glorious shot! Slightly overpitched and Guptill plays a superbly-timed straight drive. Drilled past the bowler and mid-off was a mere spectator
5.3
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, better line, fuller than a good length ball and on off, Guptill belatedly decides to push it towards the cover region
5.2
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, FOUR, first bad ball from Ngidi. Strays a pitched up delivery on the pads and 139kph and that's easy pickings for Guptill. The right-handed opener uses his wrists and flicks it away through mid-wicket with ease
5.1
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, what was that from Guptill? Swings in a touch at 138kph and nips in further does this fullish ball, Guptill tries an ambitious hoick across the line and misses it altogether. Luckily, it missed the off-stump
4.6
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 144kph, stump-to-stump line, blocked back to the bowler
4.5
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 143kph, short of a good length ball and Williamson tries to run it down to third man by opening his bat-face. He is beaten for pace on this occasion. Whizzes past the outside edge
4.4
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 146kph, back of a length delivery, Williamson hops and fences it to backward point
4.3
Rabada to Williamson, 2 runs, quicker and Rabada ends up bowling it too straight. A full ball on the pads at 147kph, Williamson inside-edges the flick past a diving de Kock
4.2
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 141kph, shorter in length, Williamson rides the bounce and taps it to cover
4.1
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 141kph, back of a length delivery, might have bounced a bit more than Williamson expected it to. The skipper tentatively stuck his bat out and the ball took the inside edge before dying adjacent to him
3.6
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, top over from Lungi Ngidi! No freebies whatsoever. Fuller than a good length ball and Guptill watchfully poked it to cover
3.5
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 140kph, in-nipper and Guptill is beaten in his defence on the inside edge. Brushes the top of the front pad and then deflects onto the back pad. Once again, the angle was taking it down leg and hence no major appeal from the Proteas
3.4
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, fuller in length, Guptill is happy to keep it out on the off-side with a defensive stroke
3.3
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 138kph, on a good length and attacking off, Guptill defends it out into the off-side
3.2
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, 2 runs, Guptill prods forward and push-drives this length ball through extra cover
3.1
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, a loud shout for lbw, almost a plead! An in-angling fullish ball at 139kph, Guptill falls over as he tries to work it through the on-side. Misses and wears it on the front pad. The angle would have taken it down leg - same confirmed by HawkEye
2.6
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 146kph, decks in sharply off the deck and there's extra bounce as well. Williamson was rooted in his crease and got beaten on the inside edge. Hit high on the thigh pad
2.5
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 146kph, short of a good length ball marginally outside off, Williamson hops and defends it into the leg-side with soft hands. A loud 'no' from Williamson
2.5
Rabada to Williamson, wide, askh 147kph, length ball that's been darted down leg, a shuffling Williamson misses his flick. Wided
2.4
Rabada to Guptill, 1 run, 145kph, rib-tickler, tucked around the corner
2.3
Rabada to Williamson, 1 run, 142kph, on a good length, but the line is a touch too straight, nudged backward of square leg and Williamson opens his account
2.2
Rabada to Williamson, no run, 140kph, short of a good length ball on leg, watchfully kept out on the leg-side
2.1
Rabada to Munro, out Caught&Bowled!! Rabada strikes! The angle - round the wicket - does the trick. Shortish ball at 146kph, Munro is cramped for room and he looked to use the angle to his advantage. He hopped and was trying to tuck it into the leg-side. All he managed was an inside edge onto his thigh pad which popped up in the air as he was late on the shot. Rabada continues to run forward in his followthrough and completes a straightforward catch. The South Africans are pumped up! wkt (1-12) min (68m). Munro c and b Rabada 9(5) [4s-2]
1.6
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 137kph, swings in a bit does this full ball and Guptill inside-halves the clip to short mid-wicket via his pad
1.6
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, wide, askj 136kph, wayward ball, slipped down the leg-side and Guptill has nothing to do with that
1.5
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 137kph, fuller in length, Guptill drives neatly off the front foot. Miller slides to his left in the cover region to make a good stop
1.4
Lungi Ngidi to Munro, 1 run, almost chopped it on! A short of length delivery from round the wicket, Munro slashes hard at it and only manages an inside edge that eludes the leg-stump and rolls away to fine leg
1.3
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, 1 run, Ngidi shortens his length and offers a bit of width outside off, Guptill rides the bounce and guides it down to third man
1.2
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, 141kph, full and angling in, driven towards cover
1.1
Lungi Ngidi to Guptill, no run, good start for Lungi Ngidi! A back of a length delivery around off at 133kph which nibbles away and Guptill had to play that. Fortunately for the batsman, the ball missed the nick. Was mighty close
0.6
Rabada to Munro, no run, 146kph, short of length delivery from round the wicket, fenced to cover
0.5
Rabada to Munro, FOUR, back-to-back fours! Nothing wrong with the ball. A length ball at 147kph marginally outside off, Munro is on the walk and he times his punch superbly. The placement was spot-on too - between cover and mid-off. Exquisite
0.4
Rabada to Munro, FOUR, cracking shot! An overpitched wide-ish delivery at 148kph, allows the southpaw to free his arms. Munro reaches out by bending his back leg and batters the drive through the covers. Off the meat and the ball raced away to the fence
0.3
Rabada to Guptill, 1 run, 142kph, in-slanter from a good length, Guptill turns it to square leg and gets off the mark
0.2
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 139kph, good length ball, blunted into the leg-side
0.1
Rabada to Guptill, no run, 140kph, full length ball on off, Guptill push-drives and the man at backward point makes a diving stop
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro, Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham, Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson
Amla,Miller, Imran Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Lungi Ngidi
