46.6
Saifuddin to Mujeeb, out Bowled!! Timberrrrrr!! Saifuddin seals it and Bangladesh's chances of making the semifinal continue to stay bright. Pacy and skiddy from a good length, targeting the stumps and Mujeeb couldn't get bat on it after backing away. The furniture is disturbed and that's the end of that wkt (10-200) min (7m). Mujeeb b Saifuddin 0(4)
46.5
Saifuddin to Mujeeb, no run, fuller and outside off, jammed out towards the man at cover
46.4
Saifuddin to Shinwari, 1 run, miscue but falls safe over square leg. The slower bouncer and Shinwari doesn't get hold of the pull at all. Gets lucky
46.3
Saifuddin to Shinwari, FOUR, sledgehammer blow from Shinwari! Was quite full in length and he sat deep to blast it past Saifuddin. Looked destined for the boundary but Shakib (you cannot keep it out folks!!) runs across from long-off to make a desperate slide to his right. Did get hold of the ball temporarily but ended up palming it past the ropes. He is disappointed with himslf
46.2
Saifuddin to Shinwari, no run, very full and attacking the stumps, jammed out down to long-on
46.1
Saifuddin to Shinwari, no run, the slow yorker and it's well-executed but just outside off stump, Shinwari cannot dig it out
45.6
Mustafizur to Mujeeb, no run, the hard length and Mujeeb was backing away to get inside the line, doesn't make contact
45.5
Mustafizur to Mujeeb, no run, fuller and wider outside off, hint of shape away as Mujeeb is beaten on the outside edge
45.4
Mustafizur to Dawlat Zadran, out Caught by Rahim!! Belated appeal from Rahim after seeing Mustafizur but there was a feather and the umpire obliges. The crowd roars in delight. Bangladesh are just a wicket away now. Another cutter from the Fizz, what else can it be at this stage, right? Too good for a tailender like Zadran who is undone by the bounce off the track. Tries to keep it out but in vain wkt (9-195) min (11m). Dawlat Zadran c Rahim b Mustafizur 0(8)
45.3
Mustafizur to Dawlat Zadran, no run, close shave! Slower ball and totally flummoxed Zadran who was pushing meekly at it
45.2
Mustafizur to Dawlat Zadran, no run, on a length around off stump, defended firmly from the crease to cover
45.1
Mustafizur to Shinwari, 1 run, sharp bumper and Shinwari is rushed into the pull. The miscue falls well short at deep square leg
44.6
Shakib to Dawlat Zadran, no run, tossed up around off, Zadran makes room for the drive and pats it to cover. End of a sensational spell from Shakib, 10-1-29-5!! This is in addition to a priceless fifty that he scored earlier on with the bat
44.5
Shakib to Dawlat Zadran, no run, drifting in from a good length, punched off the back foot to cover
44.4
Shakib to Shinwari, 1 run, fuller and on the pads, worked towards the square leg region for a single
44.3
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, slider on middle, Shinwari gets his bat down just in the niock of time and ekes an inside edge to short fine leg. He wanted the single but is sent back in time
44.2
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, flighted fuller on off stump, watchfully defended off the front foot
44.1
Shakib to Shinwari, 2 runs, flattish and sliding into Shinwari who knocks this into the gap at mid-on. They run hard to steal the second
43.6
Mustafizur to Dawlat Zadran, no run, shortish and on off stump, blocked off the back foot to mid-off
43.5
Mustafizur to Dawlat Zadran, no run, another cutter and Zadran gets a bottom edge on the cut. The wide first slip stops it with a tumble to his right
43.4
Mustafizur to Dawlat Zadran, no run, past the edge! Fizzing off cutter angled across Zadran who pushes inside the line
43.3
Mustafizur to Rashid Khan, out Caught by Mortaza!! Rashid completes a forgettable outing. Wicketless with the ball and doesn't get going with the bat at all. Slower ball that gripped a bit off the surface as Rashid shaped for the pull. Got cramped due to the bounce and ended up mistiming a dolly towards mid-wicket where the skipper does the rest. Rashid has a look of disbelief on his face wkt (8-191) min (7m). Rashid Khan c Mortaza b Mustafizur 2(3)
43.2
Mustafizur to Shinwari, 1 run, slower and shorter on middle and leg, worked away towards mid-wicket
43.1
Mustafizur to Rashid Khan, 1 run, slow cutter outside off, patted softly towards point for a single
42.6
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, pushes the ball out into the off-side
42.5
Shakib to Rashid Khan, 1 run, goes back and punches it down to long-off for a single
42.4
Shakib to Najibullah, out Stumped!! The slider slides past the dance down the track of Najibullah and he is out stumped. End of a gutsy but little knock. Shakib enters a rare list of brilliance. 50 runs and 5 wickets. Super Man indeed doesn't wear a cape. That was floated out wide, Najibullah failed to connect and Rahim had an easy task to do wkt (7-188) min (34m). Najibullah st Rahim b Shakib 23(23) [4s-2]
42.3
Shakib to Shinwari, 1 run, nudges the ball out off the pads into the on-side and gets a single. Wanted a second for a moment but then settled for a single
42.2
Shakib to Shinwari, 2 runs, short ball outside off and has been carved past point for a double
42.1
Shakib to Najibullah, 1 run, and lucky!!! The slog sweep gets a thick top-edge and it lands away from the man at short third man
41.6
Saifuddin to Najibullah, 1 run, low full toss and whipped away off the pads for a single down to deep mid. That was slightly dipping on the batter
41.5
Saifuddin to Shinwari, 1 run, right up there and has been nudged out into the on-side for a single. 6 off the over so far. Not bad but they need 9 per over from here on
41.4
Saifuddin to Najibullah, 1 run, and almost threads it between short third man and point. Slower delivery and guided out, the man at short third cuts it off. Fifty of the partnership comes up
41.3
Saifuddin to Najibullah, 2 runs, fuller delivery right up there and has been nudged out into the on-side for a couple. Superb batting from Najibullah. Good thinking I would say. Just a dink and they were off
41.2
Saifuddin to Shinwari, 1 run, tucks the ball out into the on-side for a single. Shinwari wanted a second but was sent back
41.1
Saifuddin to Najibullah, 1 run, tucks the ball down to long-on for a single as that was a slower delivery
40.6
Shakib to Shinwari, SIX, the bait was there with a tossed up delivery floated wide but Shinwari's gait to it was a pwoerful one. Needs some liquids after that. Was thumped over long-off. Not the smalles boundaries but Shinwari cranked that up. Afghanistan still in this? Too soon
40.5
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, turn, bounce, beats the edge
40.4
Shakib to Najibullah, 1 run, dinks the ball with the turn and gets it down to long-on for a single
40.3
Shakib to Shinwari, 1 run, shortish delivery outside off and has been chopped out to deep cover for a single
40.2
Shakib to Najibullah, 1 run, chips down the track and lifts the ball away down to long-on for a single
40.1
Shakib to Najibullah, 2 runs, driven past cover and the man at long-off Tamim didn't really charge at the ball. Shinwari was always coming back and he does so pretty easily
39.6
Saifuddin to Shinwari, 2 runs, drives the ball away and gets a brace. That was away from cover and before the man at long-off could intercept, they had taken the second
39.5
Saifuddin to Shinwari, no run, quickish length delivery just outside off and Shinwari tried to paddle it. The impact would have been outside off and hence Bangladesh didn't review and may be an inside edge as well. In fact, that was hitting him well outside off and there was no inside edge. But the batsman would have been safe nonetheless
39.5
Saifuddin to Shinwari, wide, much slower down leg and has been wided as Shinwari left it alone
39.4
Saifuddin to Najibullah, 1 run, too full outside off and has been squeezed out into the covers for a single. Exactly, 100 needed now
39.3
Saifuddin to Najibullah, no run, fuller delivery and has been driven on the up to find mid-off
39.2
Saifuddin to Shinwari, 1 run, too full and driven to the man at cover, who picks the ball up and has a shy at the bowler's end. He missed and Mortaza at mid-wicket was backing up. The throw was a little to his right and he failed to make a clean stop. That allowed them to steal one more
39.1
Saifuddin to Najibullah, 1 run, punches the ball down to long-on for a single
38.6
Mustafizur to Najibullah, 1 run, stabs the ball out to cover and they scamper through for a quick single. Shinwari had to dive in and he does well to make it. Of course a direct hit would have had him. But he survives. The physio comes in and has a word with Shinwari
38.5
Mustafizur to Najibullah, no run, slower delivery outside off and Najibullah looks to punch and misses
38.4
Mustafizur to Shinwari, 1 run, tucks it off the pads and gets it to deep square leg for a single
38.3
Mustafizur to Shinwari, no run, pushes at it without much feet. That angled away outside off and Shinwari was beaten. The ball landed on the bounce to the keeper
38.2
Mustafizur to Shinwari, no run, on a fuller length and has been pushed out into the off-side
38.1
Mustafizur to Shinwari, FOUR, short ball, outside off and Shinwari slashes it away! The ball flew behind square for a four. Was hit hard as he got the room
37.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Najibullah, no run, airs the ball up and Najibullah blasts it as soon as it lands. hard hit but found the fielder at cover
37.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Shinwari, 1 run, dabs the ball out into the off-side and gets a single
37.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Najibullah, 1 run, reverse! The man at point fumbles and allows the single to be taken
37.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Najibullah, FOUR, a tango down the track and the flighted ball was like music. So, the inside out drive was pretty much in sync and it sped away past cover for a four
37.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Najibullah, no run, drives it back to the bowler as that was tossed up
37.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Shinwari, 1 run, chips back and tucks it out to deep mid for a single
36.6
Mustafizur to Shinwari, 1 run, knocks the ball out into the on-side and scampers through for a single. That was well done again from Shinwari. Mustafizur has looked ineffective today
36.5
Mustafizur to Shinwari, 2 runs, hops up and tucks the ball behind square for a two. Was done really well with soft hands
36.4
Mustafizur to Najibullah, 1 run, opens the face of the bat and guides it to deep third man for a single
36.3
Mustafizur to Najibullah, no run, on a length and has been tapped out into the off-side
36.3
Mustafizur to Najibullah, wide, slips a length delivery down leg and has been wided
36.2
Mustafizur to Najibullah, no run, fuller delivery and has been driven on the up. The man at cover dives to his right and stops it
36.1
Mustafizur to Shinwari, 1 run, pushes the ball out into the off-side and gets a single
35.6
Mehidy Hasan to Najibullah, no run, kneels down and reverse paddles it. The man at point gets hold of it
35.5
Mehidy Hasan to Najibullah, FOUR, chips down the track and clubs the ball over mid-on for a four. What intent!! Full and flighted, Najibullah clubbed it powerfully
35.4
Mehidy Hasan to Shinwari, 1 run, knocks it out into the on-side for a single
35.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shinwari, FOUR, paddles it fine and gets the ball past short fine leg for a four
35.2
Mehidy Hasan to Shinwari, no run, tucks the ball out into the on-side
35.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shinwari, out Ikram Ali Run Out!! That was poor. Very poor from Ikram Ali. There was an appeal for a run-out. Ikram Ali stepped down the track and wanted a single. Was sent back and but he was very lazy to go back and has been out run-out from a direct hit from short mid. He was concerned about the throw not hitting him and paid the price wkt (6-132) min (20m). Ikram Ali run out (Liton) 11(12) [4s-1]
34.6
Mustafizur to Ikram Ali, FOUR, opens the face of the bat and the ball races away to the fence at deep third man for a four
34.5
Mustafizur to Shinwari, 1 run, tucks it fine on the on-side and gets a single down to fine leg for a single
34.4
Mustafizur to Ikram Ali, 1 run, slices a low full toss to the right of cover and gets a single. Was mistimed
34.3
Mustafizur to Ikram Ali, no run, drives a fuller ball on the off-side and it finds the man at cover
34.3
Mustafizur to Ikram Ali, wide, slips it full and down leg and has been wided
34.2
Mustafizur to Ikram Ali, no run, hops up a bit and punches the ball on the up to find the man at point
34.1
Mustafizur to Ikram Ali, no run, quicker delivery forces the batter to hop back. Ikram Ali taps the ball out into the off-side. Wants a single but doesn't get it
33.6
Mortaza to Ikram Ali, 1 run, hobbles across his sticks and knocks it into the on-side for a single
33.5
Mortaza to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, punches the ball on the up and gets it past cover for a double. Again another double added to the tally
33.4
Mortaza to Ikram Ali, no run, short ball and he timed it to perfection! Finds the man at point though
33.3
Mortaza to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, tucks the ball behind square for a double. Two more added
33.2
Mortaza to Ikram Ali, no run, short, wide, chops the ball out and it finds the man at point
33.1
Mortaza to Shinwari, 1 run, tucks the ball out softly into the on-side for a single
32.6
Shakib to Shinwari, 1 run, pushes the ball out into the off-side and runs through for a single. Quick run there
32.5
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, in the blockhole and has been fended out into the on-side
32.4
Shakib to Ikram Ali, 1 run, steps down the track and drives it down to long-on for a single
32.3
Shakib to Ikram Ali, no run, knocks the ball out to short fine leg by playing it with the turn
32.2
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, out Caught by (sub)Sabbir Rahman!! And another one for Shakib. That was tossed up and Asghar Afghan went for the slog sweep for it to be taken at deep square leg. That was hit well but found the fielder to perfection. Afghanistan losing their way now wkt (5-117) min (44m). Asghar Afghan c (sub)Rahman b Shakib 20(38) [4s-1]
32.1
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, flatter ball outside off and has been stabbed out into the off-side
31.6
Mortaza to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, allows the ball to come to him and then nurdles it away for a single behind square
31.5
Mortaza to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, soft tuck into the on-side and a single is taken. The throw came in at the bowler's end and the direct hit forced the ball to ricochet off the sticks for one more
31.4
Mortaza to Asghar Afghan, no run, toe-ends the drive and finds the man at cover. 149 needed now. Required rats has toppled over 8 now
31.3
Mortaza to Asghar Afghan, no run, back of a length delivery and has been nudged out to the man at short fine leg. Asghar Afghan wanted a single but was sent back as it went straight to the fielder
31.2
Mortaza to Shinwari, 1 run, shortish again outside off and has been jabbed past cover for a single
31.1
Mortaza to Shinwari, no run, hops back and tucks it fine off the pads to get it down to short fine leg
30.6
Shakib to Shinwari, 1 run, steps back and tucks it out into the on-side. Wants a second one but doesn't go for it in the end
30.5
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, hangs back and pushes the ball back to the bowler
30.4
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, flighted delivery outside off and has been pushed back to the bowler
30.3
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, steers back and tucks it away into the on-side. Wants a single but was sent back
30.2
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, jabs at a delivery outside off and the inside edge is found
30.1
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, flatter ball and a misfield from the bowler allows the single to be taken
29.6
Saifuddin to Shinwari, no run, shortish and wider outside off, Shinwari chases it with a slash but misses
29.5
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, another slower ball, middle and leg line, worked away to deep square leg
29.4
Saifuddin to Shinwari, 1 run, on a length wider outside off, cut away to sweeper cover
29.3
Saifuddin to Shinwari, no run, shortish and around off, Shinwari defends it solidly towards cover
29.2
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, Byes, 1 run, slower ball that goes on the bounce towards Rahim who fumbles to allow a bye
29.1
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, quite full and outside off, crisply driven off the front foot towards long-off
28.6
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, quicker and fuller outside off, Shinwari gets on the front foot and smothers it
28.5
Shakib to Shinwari, no run, tossed up wider outside off, Shinwari leans forward and blocks it out
28.4
Shakib to Shinwari, 2 runs, the reverse paddle to start for Shinwari and he gets it wide of backward point for a brace
28.3
Shakib to Nabi, out Bowled!! Knocks him over! Shakib can do no wrong. Two massive wickets in the same over, both potential match-winners for Afghanistan and now, they're in a real soup. Was the arm ball first up and Nabi probably was playing for the turn. Didn't move his feet and tried to use his hands to push at it. Yawning gap between bat and pad, the ball obliges by sneaking through wkt (4-104) min (3m). Timber! Nabi b Shakib 0(2)
28.2
Shakib to Nabi, no run, fuller and outside off, Nabi presses forward and blocks to cover
28.1
Shakib to Naib, out Caught by Liton Das!! The plan works for Bangladesh! They had stacked up the off-side with a barrage of fielders and Naib has picked out short cover. Result of some fine planning. Shakib looped it up invitingly and Naib had to go hard at it, due to the match situation. But as we've found out many times today, it's not an easy surface to drive on and Naib ends up lobbing a dolly. Das is razor sharp in reflexes wkt (3-104) min (107m). Naib c Liton Das b Shakib 47(75) [4s-3]
27.6
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, no run, pacy low full toss and Afghan jams it back at Saifuddin
27.5
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, no run, back of a length outside off, blocked off the back foot to cover
27.4
Saifuddin to Naib, 1 run, on a length outside off, hacked away towards deep mid-wicket
27.3
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, very full and angling in on Afghan who squeezes it down to long-on
27.2
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, no run, angling in on a good length, defended off the back foot to point
27.1
Saifuddin to Naib, 1 run, down the pitch goes Naib for the swipe across the line, drags it off the inside half through mid-wicket who fumbled
26.6
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, slower and fuller outside off, Afghan leans forward and blocks it to cover. Brilliant from Shakib, maiden!
26.5
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, Shakib is squeezing them at the moment. Once again no room on this slider and Afghan pats it to backward point. Wants the single but won't get it
26.4
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, fuller and on off stump, probing lines and Afghan is happy to defend
26.3
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, more flight and fuller as well, smothered with a good front foot stride
26.2
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, slightly shorter this time, sticks onto the pitch as Afghan punches off the back foot to extra cover
26.1
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, floated nicely outside off, Afghan walks down and blocks
25.6
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, attempted yorker but it's a curving full toss into Naib who tries to whip it away. Deflects off the pads to short fine leg
25.5
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, angling in on a shortish length, worked into the gap at mid-wicket
25.4
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, no run, slower and wider outside off, mistimed punch to cover
25.3
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, no run, shortish and around off stump, Afghan defends off the back foot
25.2
Saifuddin to Naib, 1 run, whoa, everyone had to take cover! Naib came charging down the track and dug this out back past Saifuddin. Umpire Gough moved across so swiftly to prevent getting injured. That did go quickly off the bat
25.1
Saifuddin to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, tucked away to deep square leg
24.6
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, inside-edges the push into the leg-side and rushes through for a quick single
24.5
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, tosses it up on off, Asghar Afghan splices the defence into the off-side
24.4
Shakib to Asghar Afghan, no run, nicely forward with a straight bat
24.3
Shakib to Naib, 1 run, full on fifth stump, Naib eases the drive to long-off
24.2
Shakib to Naib, no run, flighted on off, driven to cover
24.1
Shakib to Naib, no run, tossed up on off, forward and blocked
23.6
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, fuller on off, Naib biffs a drive to long-on and brings up his 1000th run in ODI cricket
23.5
Mehidy Hasan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, quicker on off, clipped away square on the leg-side
23.4
Mehidy Hasan to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, no spin! Just flat and full on the stumps, Asghar Afghan extends his forward stride and mauls the sweep through mid-wicket, got it in the gap and no-one's stopping that
23.3
Mehidy Hasan to Asghar Afghan, no run, floated up just outside off, nudged into the leg-side
23.2
Mehidy Hasan to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, full on off, Asghar Afghan lap-sweeps it past the keeper to his left
23.1
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, goes down on one knee and attempts a slogsweep, a thick edge and it drops well over the backtracking square leg fielder
22.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Asghar Afghan, no run, too full around off, squeezed back to the bowler
22.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Asghar Afghan, no run, slower and flat outside off, Asghar Afghan gets across and presents a dead bat
22.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, 1 run, this one spins in and stays low, Naib swivels and manages to drag the pull wide of long-on
22.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, FOUR, saunters down the track, stays leg-side of the delivery and chips the lofty drive over mid-off. A well-calculated shot this from the Afghanistan skipper
22.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, full on off, Asghar Afghan gets as low as he can and swipes it to the right of deep square
22.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Asghar Afghan, no run, worked away to the right of square leg
21.6
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, tries to flick this into the leg-side and was a tad early into his shot. The ball balloons off the leading edge and evades the bowler to his left, Naib thought of a quick single but has to turn back
21.5
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, flicked away off the pads towards square leg
21.4
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, played back to the bowler
21.3
Mehidy Hasan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, prods forward and glances a single off his pads through short fine
21.2
Mehidy Hasan to Asghar Afghan, no run, tossed full outside off, Asghar Afghan's drive has been intercepted by wide mid-off
21.1
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, full on the stumps, driven down to long-on
20.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Asghar Afghan, no run, slow offbreak on the stumps, Asghar Afghan backs away and punches to mid-on
20.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, out Stumped!! The pressure of playing too many dots consumes Hashmatullah Shahidi. He was strangled with offspin and hardly got any freebies. And therefore, he tries to do something fancy and looks to get close to the pitch of the flighted offbreak, overcommits and loses balance which was just enough for Mushy to catch him well short of the crease. Just a quick gander by the telly umpire and he's loaded out instantly wkt (2-79) min (34m). Shahidi st Rahim b Mosaddek Hossain 11(31)
20.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, 1 run, quicker outside off, driven to mid-off
20.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, 1 run, nudged to mid-wicket
20.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, huge mix-up and Bangladesh miss out on a run-out opportunity! This was tapped wide of cover and both batsmen were stranded in the middle having taken a few strides from their respective ends. At one point, the duo were confused whether or not to complete the single and the while all this was happening, the fielder at cover fumbled and hurled a wayward throw to the bowler. Mosaddek Hossain is not impressed one bit and he lets his team-mate know straightaway...
20.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, flat and fast outside off, Shahidi cuts straight to backward point
19.6
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, seeks to drive but he can't get this full ball past mid-wicket
19.5
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, presses forward and blocks solidly
19.4
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, 1 run, stays inside the crease and works the slider through square leg
19.3
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, flat on the stumps, pushed to long-on
19.2
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Shahidi gets forward and drives crisply towards long-off
19.1
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, flat outside off, punched along the ground through covers
18.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, more tight lines from Mosaddek Hossain and Shahidi can only blunt it into the off-side
18.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, mild appeal for lbw but that came straight off the bat. Shahidi was backing away and then he had to adjust to the quicker delivery to polish it off his back pad
18.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, tries to cut again and instead chops it in front of the man at cover
18.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, darted in fast outside off, Shahidi cuts, but can't get it past backward point
18.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, full and seeking the base of off, Shahidi checks the drive back to the bowler
18.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, 1 run, allows the ball to grip and spin, and then plays the flick in gap right of mid-wicket
17.6
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, toe-ends the flick through mid-wicket and the Afghanistan skipper shall keep strike
17.5
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 2 runs, full and straight, Naib whips the drive through mid-wicket. Easy two
17.4
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, floated up on the stumps, driven away to the left of mid-wicket
17.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, 3 runs, gets down on one knee and hammers the sweep through backward square, Sabbir - the sub fielder - fumbles momentarily in the deep and that allows the duo to pinch a third
17.2
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, punched to the left of backward point
17.1
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, flat outside off, a firm punch to long-on
16.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, 2 runs, drives away from the body and feeds a thick outside edge fine of the short third fielder
16.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, 1 run, knocked away off the pads to deep mid-wicket
16.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, 1 run, quicker on off-stump, Shahidi eases the drive to long-off
16.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, a soft dab to backward point, Shahidi thinks of a quick single but his partner sends him back
16.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Shahidi, no run, punched away to the right of cover, a diving stop there by Mehidy
16.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, 1 run, full on the stumps, flicked away to the right of mid-wicket for a quick single
15.6
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, gets back and wrists the offbreak through square leg for a strike-retaining single
15.5
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, presses across and taps the ball back to the bowler
15.4
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, 1 run, too full on middle, Shahidi crouches and brooms it square on the leg-side
15.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, strides forward and taps it with the spin to backward point
15.2
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, goes back and cuts late to the right of backward point
15.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, full on off, prod and block
14.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, FOUR, breaks the shackles with a boundary! Doesn't mattet if he had middled that, but a four on this track is gold dust. Naib raced down the pitch and lifted the drive over mid-off, hasn't timed it too well but managed enough power to get it over the fielder and race away to the fence
14.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, no run, make that two in a row!
14.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, no run, flicked away with the spin to the right of mid-wicket
14.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, no run, spinning in quick at off-stump, Naib stays leg-side of the delivery and punches crisply into the off-side
14.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, no run, fuller outside off, Naib prods forward and defends to cover
14.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Naib, no run, quick on the stumps, Naib stays back and punches to mid-on
13.6
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, ripper from Mehidy. Tosses it up just outside off, extracts sharp turn and scary bounce, Shahidi did well to pull his bat away from the line
13.5
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, flighted too full, wristed down to long-on
13.4
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, flicked to mid-wicket
13.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, 1 run, oh! If Mortaza had picked up the ball cleanly and effected a direct-hit at the bowler's end, Shahidi was in trouble. But Bangladesh captain was lazy to bend down and didn't look at the ball. Pushed to mid-on and Shahidi charges through for a risky single
13.2
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, cannons it too straight, picked away to long-on
13.1
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, looked like the undercutter from Mehidy, Naib crouches and pushes it back
12.6
Shakib to Shahidi, no run, pushed through quicker, Shahidi lowers his stance and plays it back
12.5
Shakib to Shahidi, no run, slowish outside off, dropped in front of point and Shahidi wanted a single, however Naib sends him back
12.4
Shakib to Shahidi, no run, fired quicker, jammed to the left of the bowler
12.3
Shakib to Shahidi, no run, slower through the air, shaved to mid-wicket
12.2
Shakib to Naib, 1 run, Naib lets the ball spin and jumps back to guide it past slip towards backward point
12.1
Shakib to Naib, no run, 82kph, slider which skids on, Naib presses forward and stonewalls it
11.6
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, shuffles across and smothers the spin.
11.5
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, oh! Shahidi didn't read this slider. Was coming forward and then realizes that it's the incoming ball. So, hurriedly covers the line and blocks it awkwardly
11.4
Mehidy Hasan to Shahidi, no run, looped up just outside off, Shahidi stomps forward and kills the spin
11.3
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, 1 run, this one goes straight on after pitching, poked to cover
11.2
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, darting on leg, clipped to square leg
11.1
Mehidy Hasan to Naib, no run, 89kph, tossed up and Naib pivots back to wrist it to square leg
10.6
Shakib to Shahidi, no run, flighted generously, Shahidi smells the leather with a forward block
10.5
Shakib to Rahmat, out Caught by Tamim!! I sensed something was giving and Shah has thrown it away after getting a good start. Not a clever option to take on Shakib, maybe wanted to dictate terms but Shakib is too smart on these kind of tracks. Pushed through flatter, Shah went on the back foot and wanted to smack it over mid-wicket I guess. But it didn't bounce as he would've liked and hence miscues it to mid-on where Tamim backtracks and completes the catchwkt (1-49) min (45m). Bangladesh fans come alive in Southampton. Rahmat c Tamim b Shakib 24(35) [4s-3]
10.4
Shakib to Rahmat, no run, dwindles out and pushes it straight to extra cover
10.3
Shakib to Rahmat, no run, on seeing the flight, Shah takes his front foot forward and eases it out
10.2
Shakib to Rahmat, no run, flatter outside off, Shah makes a bit of room for himself and creams it to extra cover
10.1
Shakib to Naib, 1 run, flighted and hint of spin straightaway for Shakib. Naib gets committed into the drive early and sends it to long-off
9.6
Saifuddin to Rahmat, no run, Shah loses shape on his attemped straight drive and inside-halves it back to the bowler
9.5
Saifuddin to Naib, 1 run, back of a length and rearing up at the tummy, Naib gets on top of the bounce to work it through mid-wicket
9.4
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, 133kph, keeps it full again. Naib waits for it to arrive before pushing it to mid-off
9.3
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, Saifuddin shifts his line outside off, this was curling away outside off and Naib chases, misses it by a fair margin
9.2
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, fullish just outside off, Naib drills it hard but finds mid-on
9.1
Saifuddin to Naib, 2 runs, slanting on leg, short-arm jabbed through square leg and Naib collects two
8.6
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, Mortaza sticks to straighter line, Shah is content to block it
8.5
Mortaza to Rahmat, FOUR, slapped. In fact, it was pure timing rather than violence from Shah. My bad. Nothing much wrong with the delivery from Mortaza, it was marginally short outside off but Shah quickly jumped back and opened his bat face in the nick of time to punch it through cover
8.4
Mortaza to Naib, 3 runs, wafted in the arc and Naib takes on. Lofts it ungainly over mid-on. Mortaza shouted "Catch it Tamim" but it was well over his head
8.3
Mortaza to Rahmat, 1 run, soft-handed dab to third man
8.2
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, excellent riposte. More like it. Pitched fuller and it straightened a wee bit in the corridor. Shah was playing for the original line and gets beaten all ends up
8.1
Mortaza to Rahmat, FOUR, freebie from Mortaza and Shah muscles it behind square remarkably. Mortaza has been guilty of bowling too many balls down leg today so far. It was a wayward length delivery down leg and Shah took full toll
7.6
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, 126kph, nipping back into the right-hander. Defended to mid-on
7.5
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, strays on leg-stump, Naib fails to employ the flick and wears it on the thigh pad
7.4
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, back of a length outside off, forced off the back foot to extra cover
7.3
Saifuddin to Rahmat, 1 run, inkling of swing for Saifuddin on this full delivery, Shah stabs and drags it off the inside half to deep mid-wicket
7.2
Saifuddin to Naib, 1 run, veering down leg-side, helped away to deep backward square leg
7.1
Saifuddin to Naib, no run, pacy fuller length delivery that held its line after pitching. Naib gets opened up a bit and ekes it out off the outer half to point
6.6
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, stump-to-stump line, Shah exhibits a stylish whip but finds mid-wicket
6.5
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, pitched fuller, driven to mid-off
6.4
Mortaza to Rahmat, 2 runs, Shah shows some aggression and runs down the track in a bid to bash it down the ground. Gets it high on the bat and as a result, slices it over mid-on and it falls in no man's land
6.3
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, 123kph, short of a good length that kicks up and eludes Shah's attempted nudge to crash him on the thigh pad. Was there an inside edge? I am not too sure..
6.2
Mortaza to Rahmat, 2 runs, wristy whip from Shah to the left of deep square leg
6.1
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, back of a length, angling in. Defensive push down the pitch
5.6
Mustafizur to Naib, FOUR, Shakib gives a valient chase but the ball wins the race. Rahman floats it up, Naib accepts it with glee and launches it over mid-off
5.5
Mustafizur to Naib, no run, touch fuller outside off, dead-batted neatly
5.4
Mustafizur to Rahmat, 1 run, opens the bat face and directs it to third man
5.3
Mustafizur to Rahmat, no run, beaten. Sucker delivery from Rahman, Shah nearly fell into the trap by throwing his bat at it without getting anywhere near it
5.2
Mustafizur to Naib, 1 run, almost a half-volley from Rahman, Naib leans into a check-drive to the right of mid-off
5.1
Mustafizur to Naib, no run, this was so close to the outside edge. Rahman's cutter stops, grips and changes direction after pitching. Naib cluelessly hangs his bat and it evades the outside edge by a few inches. Naib sports a wry smile on his face
4.6
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, goodish length, Shah rides the bounce and intended for the back foot punch, but ends up skewing an inside edge
4.5
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, drop in pace from Mortaza. Pitches it up and draws Shah forward, who presents a textbook defence
4.4
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, hits the deck hard on a length outside off, blocked off the back foot
4.3
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, covers for the inswing and walks across to stab it from the crease
4.2
Mortaza to Naib, 1 run, "Catch it" was the shout but it won't carry to the fielder. Leg-stump full ball, Naib flicks it uppishly over square leg and would've had butterflies in his stomach for a second
4.1
Mortaza to Naib, no run, 123kph, harmless length ball. Naib stays inside the line and shows his straight bat in defence
3.6
Mustafizur to Rahmat, FOUR, bang! Dismissive from Shah. Identifies the short delivery, hangs back and pulls it stunningly over mid-wicket. That seemed like a strong statement from Shah saying don't bowl short to me
3.5
Mustafizur to Rahmat, no run, 135kph, shortish, rising towards Shah's chest and he drops it with soft hands in front of cover
3.4
Mustafizur to Rahmat, no run, rolls his fingers across this length delivery, defended off the back foot
3.3
Mustafizur to Rahmat, no run, short of length and wobbling in the fifth stump channel, Shah waves it through to the keeper
3.2
Mustafizur to Rahmat, no run, fuller outside off, Shah takes a stride forward and neatly blocks it
3.1
Mustafizur to Naib, leg byes, 1 run, tailing in briskly, too many leg-stump balls from both the new ball bowlers. Strikes Naib on the thigh pad and rolls behind square
2.6
Mortaza to Rahmat, 2 runs, beautiful spank from Shah with a full face of the bat straight down the ground. Picks up a couple of runs
2.5
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, cut him in half. Cross seamer that jagged in a bit, Shah was fooled by the inswing and lack of bounce as he wanted to play it on the off-side. It snakes in and beats the inside edge before carrying to Rahim
2.4
Mortaza to Naib, 1 run, knocks it in front of mid-on and calls for a quick single
2.3
Mortaza to Naib, no run, good length outside off, punched to cover
2.2
Mortaza to Rahmat, 1 run, shaping in around middle and leg, tucked to square leg
2.1
Mortaza to Naib, 1 run, turned softly through square leg
2.1
Mortaza to Rahmat, wide, 2 fullish and moving down leg, Shah can't connect the glance and Rahim behind fumbles. Afghanistan will get bonus runs here
1.6
Mustafizur to Naib, no run, shortens his length, sticks to the off-stump line. Naib elects to stay back and bunt it
1.5
Mustafizur to Naib, leg byes, 4, Rahman pays the price for slanting it down leg. It was an easy give-away for Naib, who shuffles across and tries to tickle but it pings the thigh pad and runs away past Rahim
1.4
Mustafizur to Naib, no run, takes his body momentum forward and opens his bat face slightly to drive it crisply but extra cover dives across and takes all the pace off it
1.3
Mustafizur to Naib, no run, seaming back into the right-hander, Naib jabs it with a straight bat to mid-on
1.2
Mustafizur to Naib, no run, lunges across and punches it to cover
1.1
Mustafizur to Naib, no run, polite query for lbw from Rahman and Co. but umpire Michael Gough shakes his head. Too high IMO. Skiddy length delivery, Naib is chained to the crease and gets beaten by the pace and slight inward shape. Gets rapped above the knee-roll on the front pad. Ball-tracking indicates that it's pitching outside leg too`
0.6
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, tilts his bat across and pushes it straight to point
0.5
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, very full outside off, Shah jams at it and gets an inside edge onto his boot
0.5
Mortaza to Rahmat, wide, again loses the rhythm and drifts it down leg. This time no connection from Shah and it's been called a wide
0.4
Mortaza to Rahmat, 2 runs, first runs of the bat for Shah and Afghanistan. The line is very straight from Mortaza, Shah is delighted as he gets across and works it through the empty mid-wicket region
0.3
Mortaza to Rahmat, no run, much fuller outside off, steady push to cover
0.2
Mortaza to Naib, leg byes, 1 run, spills it down leg, overcomplicating the inswinger. Naib misses the flick and it brushes the trouser en route to the keeper. Rahim gingerly moves across and tumbles without collecting the ball cleanly which meant they will take the leg-bye
0.1
Mortaza to Naib, no run, innocuous length delivery, typical from Mortaza. Naib stands firm in his crease and defends
Commnetary
Asghar Afghan,Nabi,Shinwari,Dawlat Zadran,Naib,Shahidi,Dawlat Zadran,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
Mashrafe Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Soumya Sarkar,Liton Das,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
