48.5
Jofra Archer to Mustafizur, out Caught by Bairstow!! Mustafiz is the last man out and it's Jofra Archer who brings an end to Bangladesh's misery. Bowls a short ball around off and Fizz takes his eyes completely off the ball. The ball comes off the bottom end of his willow and balloons up to the keeper. England beat Bangladesh by 106 runs. Their best performance of the tournament so far wkt (10-280) min (4m). Mustafizur c Bairstow b Jofra Archer 0(3)
48.4
Jofra Archer to Mustafizur, no run, jams out the yorker right back to the bowler
48.3
Jofra Archer to Mustafizur, no run, fullish in length around off and it's been eased to the fielder at cover
48.2
Jofra Archer to Mehidy Hasan, out Caught by Bairstow!! Edged and taken! Short and wide outside off, Mehidy Hasan throws his hands at this one and gets a feather to the keeper. He was expecting this short ball to be aimed at his body and hence he had backed away. That made it difficult for him to reach out for it outside off. It came off the cue end eventually wkt (9-20) min (16m). Mehidy Hasan c Bairstow b Jofra Archer 12(8) [4s-2]
48.1
Jofra Archer to Mortaza, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Mortaza tucks it down to fine leg off his hips
47.6
Stokes to Mehidy Hasan, no run, back of a length around off, Mehidy Hasan defends it off his back foot
47.5
Stokes to Mortaza, 1 run, makes room and jams out the full ball through cover-point
47.4
Stokes to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, squeezes the fullish delivery through covers
47.3
Stokes to Mortaza, 1 run, pitched on a full length and it's been squeezed down to third man by Mortaza
47.2
Stokes to Mortaza, no run, makes room and drives the fullish delivery to the fielder at cover
47.1
Stokes to Mortaza, no run, back of a length around off, Mortaza taps it back to the bowler
46.6
Mark Wood to Mehidy Hasan, FOUR, Wood goes full with this one and Mehidy Hasan bludgeons it right over the bowler's head, four runs for the number 10. Looking at the way he's batting, he should bat high up the order
46.5
Mark Wood to Mortaza, 1 run, chips the length delivery over the infield at covers
46.4
Mark Wood to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Mehidy Hasan steers it down to third man
46.3
Mark Wood to Mehidy Hasan, FOUR, short and punished! Mehidy Hasan stays on his back foot and helps it down to the fine leg fence with pull. Not that great a shot but it was placed well past the fielder in the deep
46.2
Mark Wood to Mortaza, 1 run, arches back and guides the short ball to third man, excellent stop by Woakes near the fence. Looked like a certain boundary
46.1
Mark Wood to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, drives the overpitched delivery through the gap at covers
45.6
Stokes to Mortaza, no run, squeezes out the full length delivery to the fielder at point
45.5
Stokes to Mortaza, no run, short of a length outside off, Mortaza tries to steer it down to third man and misses
45.4
Stokes to Saifuddin, out Bowled!! Cleaned him up! Stokes goes full this time around and goes through Saifuddin's across the line flick. The furniture is disturbed and the left hander is back to the hut, third wicket of the match for Stokes. More than 100 runs needed still wkt (8-264) min (13m). Saifuddin b Stokes 5(8)
45.3
Stokes to Saifuddin, no run, the ball has hit the stumps but the bails haven't been dislodged. Not an unusual sight, that. We've seen it quite a times in this World Cup. Saifuddin was looking to hack the short ball across the line but the ball hits his body and ricochets on to the stumps, the bails don't move though. Lucky batsman!
45.2
Stokes to Saifuddin, 2 runs, short ball outside off, Saifuddin cuts it over point and takes a couple of runs
45.1
Stokes to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, tucks the back of a length delivery through square leg for a single
44.6
Mark Wood to Mahmudullah, out Caught by Bairstow!! Mahmudullah's rusty knock comes to an end. Never looked in the elements and his struggle is over. Tries to flick a length delivery into the leg side and ends up getting a leading edge towards short fine leg where Bairstow sprints across and takes a safe catch  wkt (7-261) min (66m). Mahmudullah c Bairstow b Mark Wood 28(41) [4s-1 6s-1]
44.5
Mark Wood to Saifuddin, 1 run, slower bouncer by Wood and it's been hooked down to long leg by Saifuddin
44.4
Mark Wood to Saifuddin, no run, Saifuddin walks down the wicket against a short ball and gets beaten due to the steep bounce
44.3
Mark Wood to Mahmudullah, 1 run, another short ball by Mark Wood and it's been hooked to deep mid-wicket by Mahmudullah
44.2
Mark Wood to Saifuddin, 1 run, nudges the short ball off his hips to fine leg
44.1
Mark Wood to Mahmudullah, 1 run, attempts a hoick and gets an inside edge towards deep mid-wicket
43.6
Stokes to Saifuddin, no run, length ball around off and it's been eased back to the bowler by Saifuddin, good one handed stop by Stokes on that occasion
43.5
Stokes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, on a length around middle and leg, Mahmudullah knocks it in front of mid-on for a quick single
43.4
Stokes to Mahmudullah, no run, deceives the batsman with the slower delivery and almost knocks down the off-stump as Mahmudullah is early in his across-the-line swing
43.3
Stokes to Saifuddin, 1 run, short ball around off, Saifuddin goes for a pull and gets a top-edge towards square leg, no fielder in that region though
43.2
Stokes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, drives the overpitched delivery to mid-on for a single
43.1
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, out Caught by Jofra Archer!! Another one bites the dust. Stokes gets his second wicket of the match. Mosaddek attempts a pull against a short ball and gets a top-edge to long leg. Archer in the deep is quick to move across as he reverse cups it neatly. Bangladesh staring down a huge defeat with the required run rate almost wkt (6-254) min (16m). Mosaddek Hossain c Jofra Archer b Stokes 26(16) [4s-4]
42.6
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, eases the length ball down to long-on for a single, he'll keep strike
42.5
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, can't keep a fielder there! Short and slow by Woakes and Mosaddek slaps it right over the bowler's head for four runs
42.4
Woakes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short ball by Woakes and that's been hacked down to deep square leg by Mahmudullah
42.3
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, short of a length around off, Mosaddek Hossain clips it into the gap at mid-wicket for a single
42.2
Woakes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, tad short around middle and leg, Mahmudullah clips it down to fine leg and gets a single
42.1
Woakes to Mahmudullah, FOUR, easy pickings for the batsman! Woakes sprays this one down the leg side and Mahmudullah makes sure to get some bat on it. Glances it past the diving keeper and finds the fine leg fence
41.6
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, short in length outside off, Mosaddek Hossain reaches out for it with a cut and finds the man at point
41.6
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, wide, another short ball down the leg side, Mosaddek Hossain was trying to help it to fine leg but he couldn't lay bat on ball
41.5
Stokes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, length delivery around middle and leg, keeps a touch low and Mahmudullah glances it down to the fine leg fence
41.4
Stokes to Mahmudullah, no run, short ball around leg, Mahmudullah tries to play the hook shot but gets beaten due to the steep bounce
41.3
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, short and slow in the channel around off, Mosaddek Hossain hangs back in his crease and slices it down to the third man fielder
41.2
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 runs, touch fuller around off and it's been driven through the gap at covers by Mosaddek, two more
41.1
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 runs, good tag-team in the deep by Roy and Wood. Roy stopped this one with a dive near deep mid-wicket and parried it to Wood. Was a short ball that was pulled away by Mosaddek, he nearly found the gap on that occasion
40.6
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, pats the back of a length delivery in front of point and retains strike for the next over
40.5
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, that's a good shot! Much better than the previous one. Mosaddek backs away and slaps the short ball over mid-off this time around. Playing mainly in the 'v' and nailing 'em boundaries
40.4
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, slower delivery goes to the boundary! Mosaddek got deceived due to the lack of pace to an extent but as it was a short ball he waited for it and thumped it over mid-on, there were no fielders in the deep and Mosaddek gets a boundary
40.3
Woakes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, that one got stuck into the the surface somewhat. Mahmudullah goes back in his crease picks it up towards mid-wicket
40.2
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, on a length around middle and leg, Mosaddek bunts it in front of mid-on and scampers across to the other end
40.1
Woakes to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, length delivery around the off-stump line, Mosaddek comes on his front foot and pushes it to the fielder at mid-off
39.6
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, Mosaddek steers it past backward point and gets a single
39.5
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, back of a length around off, Mosaddek Hossain eases it in front of covers
39.4
Stokes to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, edged for a boundary! Mosaddek Hossain pokes at a length ball outside off and gets an outside edge that flies past the keeper and runs down to the third man fence
39.3
Stokes to Shakib, out Bowled!! End of a superb innings from Shakib. If only he had someone to play a similar kind of an innings, this chase could have perhaps been an interesting one. Stokes nails his toe-crusher and the batsman fails to squeeze it out. The ball brushes his toe and rocks onto the stumps wkt (5-219) min (147m). Shakib b Stokes 121(119) [4s-12 6s-1]
39.2
Stokes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short ball around middle and leg, Mahmudullah tucks it through square leg
39.1
Stokes to Shakib, 1 run, dropped! Shakib gets a life. He attempts an across the line heave against a short ball and the ball catches the top-edge to fly towards backward point. Root was the man stationed inside the circle and he never looked in position to grab this, spills it out eventually
38.6
Woakes to Shakib, 1 run, Woakes comes round the wicket and delivers a slower delivery, Shakib backs away and chips it over covers; ends the over with a single as the ball falls in no man's land
38.5
Woakes to Shakib, FOUR, third boundary of the over for Shakib. He's making up for that maiden he conceded against Stokes. Latches on to the short ball and pulls it through mid-wicket once again, beats the fielder inside the circle and finds the fence one more time
38.4
Woakes to Shakib, no run, short of a length around off, Shakib attempts a pull and mistimes it to the fielder at mid-on
38.3
Woakes to Shakib, FOUR, pulled away! Short ball by Woakes and Shakib pulls it through the gap at mid-wicket for his second boundary in succession
38.2
Woakes to Shakib, FOUR, after playing out a maiden against Stokes, Shakib gets a boundary against Woakes. Lofts the length ball and beats the fielder at mid-on with this shot
38.1
Woakes to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of a length outside off, width on offer and throws his bat at it. Attempts a cut and gets an outside edge that rolls down to third man, good stop near the fence by the fielder
37.6
Stokes to Shakib, no run, banged in short around off, Shakib shuffles to hook it away, beaten by pace and bounce. A maiden over
37.5
Stokes to Shakib, no run, moves across a long way to play the scoop against a short of length delivery, fails to put bat on ball. The ball bounces over the middle-stump
37.4
Stokes to Shakib, no run, 133kph, back of a length delivery, defended back towards the bowler
37.3
Stokes to Shakib, no run, Shakib comes down the track premeditatively, Stokes sees that and bangs it in short; the line is wide of off. Shakib lets it go
37.2
Stokes to Shakib, no run, tries to pull hard and loses his shape in the process, ends up hitting it back towards the bowler
37.1
Stokes to Shakib, no run, hit-the-deck hard ball from a back of a length, Shakib horribly mistimes his pull. Stokes runs to his left and mops it up
36.6
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, no run, extra bounce on this back of a length delivery, Mahmudullah hops and defends into the pitch
36.5
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 1 run, 143kph, right in the blockhole, squeezed out to mid-off
36.5
Jofra Archer to Shakib, wide, 5  too short on this occasion, a backing away Shakib pulled out from playing a shot. The keeper can't even get a hand on it despite a full-length leap
36.4
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, Archer deceives Shakib with a slower ball yorker. It was the knuckle ball and Shakib didn't pick it as he was early to close his bat-face. Gets beaten by the lack of pace. Wasn't too far away from the off-stump
36.3
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, 1 run, 142kph, short of length delivery, Mahmudullah guides to the right of backward point for a quick single
36.2
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 1 run, 128kph, back of a length delivery, turned to square leg
36.1
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, yorker length, jammed out into the off-side
35.6
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, SIX, Rashid concedes a six off the last ball of his spell. It was a teaser from the leggie. Tossed it up well above the eyeline of the batter and in the process slightly overpitched. Mahmudullah got forward and thumped it over the bowler's head. The sightscreen has to bear the brunt
35.5
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, 80kph, Mahmudullah is half-forward, to play it back to the bowler
35.5
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, wide, drifting down leg
35.4
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, awkwardly kept out on the off-side with a defensive poke
35.3
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, superb fielding from Stokes! Shakib swept hard and Stokes sprinted to his left from long-on to keep the batters down to a single
35.2
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, 1 run, back-footed pat to cover point
35.1
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, 88kph, Mahmudullah hangs back to a ball against which he should have played off the front foot. Inside-edges to short fine leg
34.6
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, that's a brutal bumper. Shakib initially was looking to play a stroke, but in the end on seeing the zip on it he rightly decided to sway away from it. Too late to pull his bat in, but the ball went past it
34.5
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, 1 run, 141kph, back of a length delivery, Mahmudullah rides the bounce and punches it to deep point
34.4
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, no run, 138kph, this back of a length ball bounces more than Mahmudullah expects it to. Looks to work through the on-side and gets hit on the glove
34.3
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, no run, good bouncer, Mahmudullah ducks under it
34.2
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, no run, 124kph, slower delivery, Mahmudullah hangs back and fences it to backward point
34.1
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 1 run, 140kph, length ball marginally outside off, late-cut to third man
33.6
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, 86kph, a mistimed drive off the top part of the bat, goes towards mid-off. Shakib trying to force it through extra cover
33.5
Adil Rashid to Shakib, no run, Shakib comes down the track and yorks himself. Squeezed back to the bowler
33.4
Adil Rashid to Shakib, no run, Shakib moves leg-side and Rashid follows him. No room and Shakib blocks it out
33.3
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, 1 run, quicker delivery, Mahmudullah hangs back and dabs it wide of first slip. A single to short third man
33.2
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, another defensive stroke to cover
33.1
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, in-drifter, push-driven to cover
32.6
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 2 runs, 142kph, short and wide, Shakib jumps and cuts over backward point. Third man mops it up
32.5
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, leg byes, 1 run, slower ball - 120kph, on the pads, Mahmudullah tickles it to fine leg
32.4
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, no run, 142kph, fullish ball, Mahmudullah gets a soft leading edge towards cover-point
32.3
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 1 run, pitched up delivery, eased away to sweeper cover and the single brings up Shakib's eighth ODI hundred! He gets a standing ovation from the crowd and his team-mates. Just a raise of the bat from the premier all-rounder
32.2
Jofra Archer to Mahmudullah, 1 run, 134kph, length ball on the stumps, Mahmudullah defends from the crease and gets an inside edge onto his pad that rolls towards cover. Shakib calls his partner through for a single
32.1
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 1 run, slower ball at 130kph, just down leg, Shakib gets inside the line of the ball and tickles it to fine leg
31.6
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, Shakib goes back in his crease and works this short of length delivery to long leg. Moves to 98
31.5
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, 1 run, googly, on the shorter side, cut to deep point off the back foot
31.4
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, rank full toss, swept hard to deep backward square leg. Rashid gets away with the freebie
31.3
Adil Rashid to Shakib, no run, Shakib misses the sweep against the googly and is rapped on the front leg. A muted appeal from Rashid, pitched well outside leg
31.2
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, 1 run, flipper off the front of the hand, Mahmudullah goes back in his crease and gets cramped for room. An inside edge saves him as it rolls to backward square leg
31.1
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, pushed back to the bowler
30.6
Plunkett to Mahmudullah, 1 run, 127kph, width served outside off, cut away to sweeper cover
30.5
Plunkett to Mahmudullah, no run, 131kph, back of a length delivery, Mahmudullah under-edges the chop into the off-side
30.4
Plunkett to Mahmudullah, no run, 128kph, shortened length, Mahmudullah dabs it to the left of backward point. Roy throws himself and makes a good stop
30.3
Plunkett to Mahmudullah, no run, fuller than a good length ball on off, solidly blocked
30.2
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, 116kph, straighter line, tickled to fine leg
30.1
Plunkett to Shakib, no run, slower delivery - 115kph - and in the blockhole, jammed off the outside edge towards the off-side
29.6
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, the non-turner on off, Mahmudullah rocks back and pats it to backward point
29.5
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, off the front of the hand and Rashid ends up straying it on the pads, tickled to short fine leg
29.4
Adil Rashid to Mahmudullah, no run, flatter leg-break, a sensible block into the off-side
29.3
Adil Rashid to Mithun, out Caught by Bairstow!! A horror shot from the new batsman. Can we really blame him when the required rate is nearing 11? Lovely bowling though. He bowls a flighted leg-break that pitches just outside off and turns further away. Mithun, premeditatively, went for the wild (and ugly) hoick across the line and got a feather on the outside edge. Bairstow, the man with the gloves, gobbled it up and went up straightaway. Bangladesh have now lost two wickets within a span of four deliveries wkt (4-170) min (4m). Mithun c Bairstow b Adil Rashid 0(2)
29.2
Adil Rashid to Mithun, no run, in-drifting googly, defended watchfully
29.1
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, steered to the right of backward point off the back foot
28.6
Plunkett to Rahim, out Caught by Roy!! Plunkett breaks the 106-run stand! He's a master when it comes to taking wickets in the middle overs. A fuller than a good length ball at 133kph, Rahim tries to work it through the on-side and in the process closes his bat-face a touch too early. All he manages is an outside edge that flies towards the point region. Jason Roy, who dropped a sitter against Pakistan, dives to his left at backward point and takes a fine catch wkt (3-169) min (65m). Rahim c Roy b Plunkett 44(50) [4s-2]
28.5
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the pads, flicked away to fine leg
28.4
Plunkett to Shakib, FOUR, shortish ball at 135kph, Shakib picks the length early and puts it away. The southpaw rocks back and pulls it over mid-wicket
28.3
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, length ball, Rahim moves across a long way and ramps it towards fine leg. All this for a single. Got it off the bottom part of the bat
28.2
Plunkett to Rahim, no run, 131kph, Rahim pokes this length ball to backward point
28.1
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length delivery, Shakib rides the bounce and tucks it to square leg. The single brings up the 100-run stand!
27.6
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 2 runs, comes down the track, gets to the pitch of this tossed up ball and drills through extra cover for another couple
27.5
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 2 runs, lovely delivery! A flighted delivery, that drifts in and spins away ever so lightly. Rahim was looking to push-drive and gets a genuine outside edge that rolls to third man
27.4
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, on the pads, Shakib closes his bat-face and works it through backward square leg
27.3
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, gets it drift in with this flighted delivery and Rahim stays leg-side to ease the drive to long-off
27.2
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 2 runs, tossed up delivery, Rahim gets down and slog-sweeps over mid-wicket, didn't middle it though. Mid-on runs back to hunt it down
27.1
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, leg-stump line, nurdled backward of square leg
26.6
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, uses the bowler's pace to steer the length ball to third man
26.5
Plunkett to Shakib, no run, into the surface and Plunkett rolls his fingers over the seam. Shakib hops and tries to upper cut, but it is too high. Strangely, not wided. It was over the batsman's head. The crowd doesn't like it and so does Shakib - rightly so
26.4
Plunkett to Shakib, no run, Shakib is early to close his bat-face and once again there's extra bounce. The ball pops up off the leading edge and falls into the 22-yard turf
26.3
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, rib-tickler, Rahim helps it on its way to fine leg
26.2
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, straying down leg, Shakib walks inside the line of the ball and swivel-pulls it to fine leg
26.1
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, 130kph, extra bounce from a back of a length, courtesy cross seam. Rahim gets a top-edge as he tries to steer. Ballooned up off the edge, but luckily falls short of third man (Curran)
25.6
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, flatter in trajectory, just a hint of width outside off and that's enough for Rahim to dab it towards backward point and collect a single
25.5
Adil Rashid to Rahim, FOUR, good use of the feet! A tossed up delivery, Rahim comes down the track and lifts it over mid-on. No one manning the ropes and it's a one-bounce four
25.4
Adil Rashid to Rahim, no run, unleashes the reverse sweep does Rahim, but hits it straight to short third man
25.3
Adil Rashid to Rahim, no run, Rahim comes down the track and is beaten in the flight, since the line is outside off he pads it away
25.2
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, more flight on this delivery, eased down to long-on
25.1
Adil Rashid to Shakib, FOUR, super shot! A floated delivery, Shakib gets down on a knee and nails the sweep well in front of square on the on-side. Off the middle and it races to the deep mid-wicket fence
24.6
Mark Wood to Shakib, 1 run, Wood shortens his length outside off, dabbed down towards third man for a single
24.5
Mark Wood to Shakib, no run, that's an audacious attempt to ramp Wood, short of a length and angling across the left-hander - nothing was going in Shakib's favour as he got into a clumsy position on the lap - missed it by a long way
24.4
Mark Wood to Shakib, no run, that's loose from Shakib, dangled his bat at one that shaped away from him, beaten on the top-edge
24.3
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, Wood shortens his length outside off, Rahim works it wide of cover-point for a single
24.2
Mark Wood to Shakib, 1 run, short of a length and on Shakib's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
24.1
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, short and just outside off, Rahim arches back and ramps it behind square on the on-side for a single
23.6
Adil Rashid to Shakib, FOUR, lovely, tad too full from Rashid, Shakib gets close to the ball and drills it back past the bowler, no chance for the man running across from long-on
23.6
Adil Rashid to Shakib, wide, the wrong 'un from Rashid, but he slid it down leg, called as a wide
23.5
Adil Rashid to Shakib, no run, flatter and at the stumps, Shakib stays back and hacks it back at the bowler
23.4
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, slower and on off, driven down towards long-off for a single
23.3
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, top-edge and safe, flighted delivery on Shakib's pads, he was down on the sweep, couldn't roll his wrists over and the top-edge bounced well in front of the fielder at deep backward square leg
23.2
Adil Rashid to Shakib, no run, flighted delivery on Shakib's pads, he was looking to work it to the on-side and missed
23.1
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, half-a-chance and Roy can't hold on, would have been a stunner had he held on, tossed up well outside off, Rahim came down the track and was looking to go inside out over cover - Roy timed the leap and got his hands onto it, but he couldn't pop it off the rebound - cramping as he attempted to try
22.6
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Rahim leans forward and drives it to the right of cover - there's a fumble and that allows Rahim to scamper across for a single
22.5
Mark Wood to Rahim, no run, Wood shortens his length around middl, defended with an open face towards backward point
22.4
Mark Wood to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, laced down towards deep cover for a single
22.3
Mark Wood to Shakib, FOUR, beautifully played, short and just outside off, Shakib waits on it and then cuts it up and over backward point - Rashid rushed across from third man, but the ball was well past even before he dived
22.2
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Rahim's pads, clipped past square leg for a single
22.1
Mark Wood to Shakib, leg byes, 1 run, that's a vicious bouncer, kept climbing from a length and Shakib was clearly late on the pull, the ball clonked the side of his helmet and lobbed towards third man for a leg-bye
21.6
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg-stump line, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
21.5
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, the wrong 'un from Rashid, but the length is short and allows Rahim to chop it square on the off-side for a single
21.4
Adil Rashid to Rahim, no run, the leg-break from Rashid, pitched outside off and spun away, Rahim very nearly went searching for it and is beaten on the top-edge
21.3
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, Rashid drops one short and at the stumps, Shakib backs away and punches it to the left of Plunkett at mid-off
21.2
Adil Rashid to Shakib, FOUR, beautifully played, Shakib made room even before the ball was bowled, nicely tossed up outside off, he reaches out and finds the gap wide of the diving Plunkett at mid-off
21.1
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, Rahim runs down the track, gets close to the ball and punches it to long-off for a single
20.6
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, banged in short and at the batsman, Rahim was rushed on the pull and gloves it behind square on the on-side for a run
20.5
Mark Wood to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery on off, Shakib presses across and clips it past square leg for a single
20.4
Mark Wood to Shakib, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Shakib prods across and finds mid-off with the drive
20.3
Mark Wood to Shakib, 2 runs, Shakib gets lucky, an ugly slog to one that angled across the left-hander, gets a thick outside edge and the ball lands in between two fielders - Vince at backward point and Rashid, running across from third man
20.2
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Rahim pushes forward and gets an inside edge to the on-side
20.1
Mark Wood to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery at the stumps, Shakib prods forward and gets an inside edge behind square on the on-side
19.6
Adil Rashid to Rahim, no run, tossed up at the stumps, Rahim makes room and pushes it to the off-side
19.5
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, very full and on off, Shakib clears his left leg and heaves it to deep mid-wicket for a single
19.4
Adil Rashid to Shakib, no run, fraction too short from Rashid, punched off the back-foot and straight to the fielder at mid-off
19.3
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, tossed up slower and wider of off, driven square on the off-side for a single
19.2
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, Shakib runs down the track to a well flighted delivery and works it wide of mid-wicket for a single
19.1
Adil Rashid to Shakib, FOUR, cracking shot, an attempted wrong 'un, dropped short and at the stumps, Shakib rocks back and pulls it past square leg for a boundary
18.6
Plunkett to Rahim, no run, short of a good length and well outside off, Rahim threw his bat at that and misses
18.5
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, that's cheeky from Shakib, moves across his stumps to a length delivery and paddls it down to long leg
18.4
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, nudged to the left of cover and Rahim calls his partner across for a quick single
18.3
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, fifty for Shakib, he's been consistent in this World Cup - third fifty on the trot - 45th overall, works a length ball behind square on the on-side for a single
18.2
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, on a good length and on Rahim's pads, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
18.1
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Shakib swivels across and helps it on its way to long leg
17.6
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, the wrong 'un from Rashid, Shakib goes right back and clips it behind square on the on-side for a single
17.5
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, pushed through outside off, worked away square on the on-side for a single
17.4
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 2 runs, Rashid drops one short and wide of off, sliced away behind square on the off-side for a couple of runs
17.3
Adil Rashid to Rahim, no run, that was very close, Rahim was alert to the situation, but I don't think the ball was spinning back onto the stumps. He pressed forward on the defensive push and the ball trekked backwards
17.2
Adil Rashid to Shakib, 1 run, tossed up outside leg, worked away past square leg for a single
17.1
Adil Rashid to Rahim, 1 run, the leg-break from Rashid, nudged away behind square on the on-side for a single
16.6
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, tad fuller and just outside off, Rahim drops it in front of cover for a quick single
16.5
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, short of a good length and on Shakib's pads, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single
16.4
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, on a good length and well outside off, Rahim dabs it down towards third man for a single
16.3
Plunkett to Rahim, no run, fraction fuller and just outside off, driven back at the bowler
16.2
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, Plunkett keeps it short and aims it on Shakib's body, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single
16.1
Plunkett to Shakib, no run, fuller length delivery on off, Shakib prods across and punches it back at the bowler
15.6
Mark Wood to Rahim, no run, short of a good length and climbing onto the batsman, Rahim jumps across, plays with soft hands and blocks
15.5
Mark Wood to Rahim, no run, Wood shortens his length outside off, Rahim prods across and defends it to the off-side
15.4
Mark Wood to Rahim, FOUR, nicely done, back of a length and well wide of off, Rahim waits on it, uses the pace on the ball and steers it behind square on the off-side for a boundary
15.3
Mark Wood to Shakib, leg byes, 1 run, appeal for LBW, but the ball pitched well outside leg, Shakib was caught in the crease as he looked to nudge and missed, off th flap of the pads and rolled towards third man
15.2
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Rahim's pads, worked away in front of square on the on-side for a single
15.1
Mark Wood to Rahim, no run, that's loose from Rahim, short of a length and angling back into the right-hander, too close to cut as Rahim flashed and missed
14.6
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, short of a good length and in that channel outside off, Rahim runs it down towards third man for a single
14.5
Plunkett to Rahim, no run, back of a length and well outside off, Rahim plays with an open face and finds backward point with the steer
14.4
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, short of a length and angling down leg, Shakib gets a fine tickle on the tuck, the ball bounces in front of the keeper and Bairstow can't stop it cleanly
14.3
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, short of a good length and well outside off, Rahim chops it in front of square on the off-side for a single
14.2
Plunkett to Rahim, no run, Plunkett shortens his length and gets some extra bounce off the deck, Rahim hops across, rides the bounce and then keeps it down
14.1
Plunkett to Rahim, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Rahim covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
13.6
Mark Wood to Shakib, FOUR, too straight from Wood, it was another cutter, but he drifted it onto Shakib's pads, nudged away fine and beats the fielder at long leg
13.5
Mark Wood to Shakib, no run, the leg-cutter from Wood, Shakib prods across and defends it to the off-side, defended high off the bat
13.4
Mark Wood to Shakib, no run, the bouncer from Shakib, short and angling down leg-side, Shakib gets inside the line and lets it go
13.3
Mark Wood to Rahim, 1 run, short of a good length and on Rahim's hips, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
13.2
Mark Wood to Shakib, 1 run, Wood shortens his length outside off, Shakib shuffles across and nudges it behind square on the on-side for a single
13.1
Mark Wood to Shakib, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Shakib pushes it to the off-side
12.6
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length delivery attacking the body, Shakib tucks it wide of square leg for a single
12.5
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, fuller and wider, Rahim cuts it to sweeper cover
12.4
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length delivery and wide of off, Shakib hops in the crease and tucks it to the on-side for a single
12.3
Plunkett to Shakib, no run, blocks it to short cover
12.2
Plunkett to Rahim, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Rahim guides it to third man
12.1
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, tucks it to fine leg for a single
11.6
Mark Wood to Tamim, out Caught by Morgan!! Tamim consumed a lot of balls and has thrown away his wicket. He was looking all at sea against the short ball and charged against this delivery, not the best way to deal with the short ones. He was in no position to play the pull shot, it struck him high on the bat and ended up at cover who makes no mistake. Bangladesh in a spot of bother wkt (2-63) min (53m). Tamim c Morgan b Mark Wood 19(29) [4s-1]
11.5
Mark Wood to Shakib, 1 run, tucks it to the on-side for a single
11.4
Mark Wood to Shakib, FOUR, classy shot! On a back of a length and well wide of off, Shakib gets the desired room, he opened the face of the bat and placed it really well. It raced off the turf for a boundary and the third man had no chance
11.3
Mark Wood to Shakib, no run, was shaping up to pull, showed his cards way too early and Mark Wood bowled it wll wide of off. It zipped off the deck and Shakib was beaten by the extra pace. It clipped the toe-end of the bat and went back to Jonny
11.2
Mark Wood to Shakib, 2 runs, on a length and well wide of off, Shakib reaches for it. He opened the face of the bat at the last moment and guided it wide of backward point for a brace
11.1
Mark Wood to Tamim, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Tamim taps it wide of backward point with soft hands and collects a single
10.6
Plunkett to Tamim, 1 run, short and wide of off, Tamim is happy to steer it to third man. He will retain the strike
10.5
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, another delivery on a back of a length, it was on the stumps and Shakib turns it to deep square leg
10.4
Plunkett to Shakib, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Shakib mistimes the punch to backward point
10.4
Plunkett to Shakib, wide, another delivery that it down the leg-side. Another wide
10.4
Plunkett to Shakib, wide, gets the slower one wrong, it was down the leg-side. And umpire calls it wide
10.3
Plunkett to Tamim, 1 run, down the leg-side again, Tamim just nudges it wide of the keeper for a single
10.2
Plunkett to Shakib, 1 run, down the leg-side and Shakib works it wide of square leg
10.1
Plunkett to Tamim, leg byes, 1 run, looking to tuck it to the on-side, hits him on thigh pad and ends up to the on-side
9.6
Jofra Archer to Shakib, SIX, this has flew off the bat and has sailed for a six. It was short and was down the leg-side, Shakib moved to the off-side, got inside the line of the ball and pulled it over fine leg for a maximum
9.5
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, miscues the pull shot, was late on the shot again. And it falls short of square leg
9.4
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, nasty delivery! Banged in on a short of length, it was aimed on the body. Shakib was hurried totally, it might have hit his glove and popped up in the air. Luckily for Shakib, it lands in no man's land
9.3
Jofra Archer to Tamim, 1 run, smart cricket from Tamim. He tapped it to the off-side and went to the non striker's end. The best way to deal with a bowler delivering at such pace is to be at the non striker's end
9.2
Jofra Archer to Tamim, leg byes, 4, that has flew after hitting the deck, Tamim decked. It struck him on the helmet and sailed over the keeper's head for a boundary
9.1
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, fast delivery on a good length, it was on the stumps and Tamim tucks it to the on-side. He was looking for a single but Shakib sends him back
8.6
Woakes to Shakib, no run, punches it straight to cover
8.5
Woakes to Tamim, 1 run, fuller and down the leg-side, it clipped his pads and deflected to the on-side. He might have got some inside edge on that
8.4
Woakes to Shakib, 1 run, this was much straighter from Woakes, Shakib works it wide of short fine and collects a single
8.3
Woakes to Shakib, no run, rolled his fingers onto this one and bowls it wide of off, Shakib takes a semi-stride forward and defends it to backward point
8.2
Woakes to Tamim, 1 run, shuffles to the off-side and Woakes delivers it wide of off, Tamim opened the face of the bat and ran it down to third man
8.1
Woakes to Shakib, 1 run, slower one on the stumps, it keeps a shade low and Shakib mistimes the pull shot wide of square leg for a single
7.6
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, that's a lively bouncer! Tamim wanted to go after it. It climbed viciously off the deck, hurried him and struck him near the rib-cage. Gee! That would have hurt
7.5
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, another delivery that was pounded on a short of length, Tamim had to jump in the crease to block it back. He has combated it decently so far
7.4
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 3 runs, throws this one well wide of off, Shakib had room and he goes after it, mistimes the punch due to extra pace of Archer hence it won't reach the fence
7.3
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, another bumper! Archer looks in mood today. It was thrown @143 kph, Shakib had just enough time to duck and leave
7.2
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, much fuller from Jofra Archer this time, Shakib gets his bat down just a touch late and inside halves it to the on-side
7.1
Jofra Archer to Tamim, 1 run, banged in short again, Tamim had to jump in the crease to get in line. He tucks it to square leg and takes a single
6.6
Woakes to Shakib, 2 runs, slower and wide of off, Shakib got the room he desired and cuts it wide of third man. Rashid at third man puts in a dive to stop it from reaching the fence
6.5
Woakes to Tamim, 1 run, gentle tap to the off-side and takes another single
6.4
Woakes to Shakib, 1 run, slower and wide of off, Shakib steers it to third man for a single
6.3
Woakes to Shakib, 2 runs, short and attacking the body, it was angling back into Shakib. He attacks via pull, doesn't connect cleanly and ended up just beyond square leg
6.2
Woakes to Tamim, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Tamim opened the face of the bat and guided it to third man
6.1
Woakes to Shakib, 1 run, on a fuller length and on the off-stump, Shakib stays put in the crease and taps it to the off-side with soft hands. Tamim came charging for a single and completed it with ease
5.6
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 1 run, errs in line just a little bit, it was down the leg-side and Shakib clipped it to fine leg for a single
5.5
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, drags his length back just a touch, it was on the stumps, Shakib gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
5.4
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, banged in half way down the track @153 kph, Shakib did well to sway away from the line and duck under it
5.3
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, length delivery wide of off, Shakib went for a slash. It went past his outside edge
5.2
Jofra Archer to Tamim, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Tamim tucks it to fine leg
5.1
Jofra Archer to Shakib, 1 run, he is generating serious pace here. It was on a fuller length and was on the stumps, Shakib pushes it to mid-off who is at the edge of the circle and that will allow Shakib to take a single
4.6
Woakes to Shakib, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Shakib cuts it straight to third man
4.5
Woakes to Shakib, 2 runs, dashes down the track it order to hoick it down the ground. It hits him high on the bat and fails to reach the fence. They will come back for a double
4.4
Woakes to Shakib, FOUR, that's edged and four. On a fuller length and angling away from Shakib, he went after it. It clipped his outside edge and went wide of first slip for a boundary. Had second slip been in place that would have been the end of Tamim
4.3
Woakes to Shakib, no run, on a length and wide of off, Shakib punches it straight to backward point
4.2
Woakes to Shakib, no run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Shakib steers it to backward point
4.1
Woakes to Tamim, 3 runs, on a fuller length and wide of off, Tamim plunges forward and drives it wide of cover. It will be stopped inside the ropes and they will have to be content for three
3.6
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, on a length and wide of off, Shakib cuts it straight to backward point
3.5
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Shakib went after it. He threw his bat at it, gets beaten for pace and ended up missing it
3.4
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Shakib gets behind it and tucks it to the on-side
3.3
Jofra Archer to Shakib, no run, defends it to the off-side
3.2
Jofra Archer to Soumya Sarkar, out Bowled!! He is a class bowler! And he is flaunting his prowess. It was a 143 kph length delivery on the stumps, Soumya Sarkar was back in the crease and wanted to poke at it. There was a huge gap between his bat and pad, ball sneaked in and kissed the off-stump. It took off after hitting the stumps ... hit the boundary rope on the full wkt (1-8) min (14m). Wow! Soumya Sarkar b Jofra Archer 2(8)
3.1
Jofra Archer to Soumya Sarkar, no run, has Root dropped that? I reckon, it just about carried. Root was lazy at first slip and he didn't bend down to take it. It was on a back of a length and was wide of off, Soumya Sarkar was cramped for room going for the cut shot. It clipped his outside edge and eventually ended up short of Root
2.6
Woakes to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, lofts it to mid-off, it hit the bottom half of the bat
2.5
Woakes to Tamim, 1 run, this was on the stumps and Tamim works it to the on-side for a single
2.4
Woakes to Tamim, no run, short of Roy at backward point. On a length and wide of off, Tamim reaches for it, it clips his bat high and lands in no man's land
2.3
Woakes to Tamim, FOUR, first boundary of the innings for Tamim. It was on a length and there was room, Tamim stays put in the crease and lofts it over the in-field on the off-side for a boundary
2.2
Woakes to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Soumya Sarkar inside halves it wide of mid-on for a single
2.1
Woakes to Soumya Sarkar, no run, brilliant delivery. In that area wide of off, it moves ever-so-slightly after hitting the deck and beats the outside edge of Soumya Sarkar
1.6
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, on a short of length and attacking the body, Tamim jumps in the crease to get behind it and defends it back
1.5
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Tamim was unsure whether to cut it or not. He decides very late to poke at it and was very lucky that he didn't get an outside edge
1.4
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, back of a length delivery attacking the body, Tamim gets behind it. He jumps a wee bit and defends it to the off-side
1.3
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, short and wide of off, Tamim leaves and it flies to Jonny
1.2
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, that's the impact that Jofra Archer can create. It was pounded in on a short of length, Tamim went for the pull shot, ended up being hurried and missed it
1.1
Jofra Archer to Tamim, no run, 143 kph delivery on a fuller length, Tamim takes a semi-stride forward and pushes it back to mid-off
0.6
Woakes to Soumya Sarkar, no run, on a length and wide of off, Soumya Sarkar stays put in the crease and pushes it to mid-off. Good start by Woakes!
0.5
Woakes to Soumya Sarkar, no run, much better shot from Soumya Sarkar. He was in full control of this drive but the placement wasn't the greatest as it finds mid-off
0.4
Woakes to Soumya Sarkar, no run, fuller and well wide of off, Soumya Sarkar reaches for it and wanted to drive it wide of mid-off. It hits the inside half of the blade and ends up at mid-on
0.3
Woakes to Tamim, 1 run, Tamim is off the mark now! On a good length and on the stumps, Tamim pushes it wide of cover and takes a single
0.2
Woakes to Tamim, no run, on a short of length and attacking the body, Tamim hops in the crease and defends it to the off-side
0.1
Woakes to Tamim, no run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Tamim plunges forward and taps it to the off-side. He wanted a single but Soumya Sarkar wasn't keen at all. Tamim came a long way forward and went back just in time
Commentary
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
