49.6
Perera to Maxwell, FOUR, another attempt at a wide yorker, Maxwell gets across and smites it away across the line and it rolls away to the forward square leg fence for four. That's the end of the innings - and once again, the chasing side will need to do something that's never been done before in WC cricket.
49.5
Perera to Starc, 1 run, errs on the fuller side with the yorker, whip-driven away towards long-on for a single
49.4
Perera to Starc, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on middle, whipped away towards deep midwicket for a couple
49.3
Perera to Maxwell, 1 run, wide yorker length delivery, Maxwell shuffles across and steers it away towards third man for a single
49.2
Perera to Starc, 1 run, full delivery on the pads, whipped away towards cow corner for a single
49.1
Perera to Maxwell, 1 run, full and wide outside off, Maxwell reaches out and slaps it away towards sweeper cover for a single
48.6
Udana to Maxwell, 1 run, slower one, back of the hand again, on a back of a length on off, Maxwell is early into the glance, a leading edge back towards the bowler - a third direct-hit on the cards!' - but nope, he misses at the striker's end this time. Also, Starc is through.
48.5
Udana to Maxwell, 2 runs, yorker length delivery on the stumps, dug out to wide long-on for a couple
48.4
Udana to Starc, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, drilled down to wide long-off for a single
48.3
Udana to Pat Cummins, out Pat Cummins Run Out! Are ya kidding? Are ya? Another yorker, dug out towards the leg-side, and Udana collects again - the batsmen are running, and Maxwell has sold him down the river. Sends him back, and Udana is quick enough. Scores a second direct-hit in two balls, this time at the striker's end wkt (7-320) min (4m). Pat Cummins run out (Udana) 0(1)
48.2
Udana to Maxwell, 3 runs, to deep backward point
48.2
Udana to Maxwell, 3 runs, another one that stops in the wicket on a length, Maxwell tries going through the line, spoons it off the outer half over the man at backward point towards deep backward point for a treble
48.1
Udana to Maxwell, out Carey Run Out!! That is fantastic work all round! A slow dipping yorker out of the back of the hand, Maxwell backs away and delays a tap back down the wicket, and Udana absolutely pounces on it - picks it up and throws at the non-striker's end, catching Carey, who was trying to return to the crease, short. No need for a third umpire wkt (6-317) min (8m). Carey run out (Udana) 4(3)
47.6
Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run, yorker length delivery just outside off, dug out off the toe-end towards extra cover for a single
47.5
Malinga to Carey, 1 run, low full-toss outside off, clubbed to mid-ff, a throw at the non-striker's end - and Malinga doesn't collect! Well in, in the end, and that's a single they shouldn't be conceding.
47.4
Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run, yorker length delivery on off, dug out hard off the toe-end towards long-on for a single
47.3
Malinga to Carey, 3 runs, slower delivery on a good length slightly wide outside off, slapped away late over the in-field towards deep extra cover for a treble
47.2
Malinga to Carey, no run, yorker length delivery on leg, dug out towards cover
47.1
Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, whipped away towards cow corner for a single
46.6
Udana to Shaun Marsh, out Caught by Siriwardana! Slower one out of the back of the hand, on a length, Shaun Marsh gets across to swat it away with a slog-sweep across the line towards cow corner, and the overspin on it means there is extra bounce - massive top-edge and straight into the waiting cups of Siriwardana wkt (5-310) min (19m). Shaun Marsh c Siriwardana b Udana 3(9)
46.5
Udana to Shaun Marsh, no run, yorker length delivery right on the wide-line, Shaun Marsh tries slicing it away, misses
46.4
Udana to Maxwell, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, drilled down to long-off for a single
46.3
Udana to Maxwell, no run, a fantastic dipping back of the hand yorker, Maxwell is waiting - and waiting - and misses the line in the end, goes past leg-stump to the 'keeper
46.2
Udana to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, fuller length delivery wide outside off, sliced away, one-handed slice to deep backward point for a single
46.1
Udana to Maxwell, 1 run, length delivery coming in, punched to mid-wicket for a sharp single
46.1
Udana to Maxwell, wide, slower one down leg-side from round the wicket, wide called
45.6
Malinga to Shaun Marsh, no run, good length delivery on off, nudged away towards mid-on, and some good fielding - no run taken
45.5
Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run, almost yorker length, Maxwell gets low and slices it away towards sweeper cover for a single
45.4
Malinga to Shaun Marsh, leg byes, 1 run, another slower one on the pads, tries turning it into the on-side, trickles off the pads into the off-side for a leg-bye - mini-appeal, but to no avail
45.3
Malinga to Shaun Marsh, no run, length delivery, slower one, into the shot early, delays the one-handed waft to cover
45.2
Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the pads, whipped away in front of deep square leg for a single
45.1
Malinga to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, length delivery on the pads, nudged into the on-side for a quick single
44.6
Pradeep to Maxwell, FOUR, WOW! 22 off the over!, a good ball - a short one at the body, good bounce, Maxwell backs away and loses his shape, one leg in the air, trying to swipe across the line - gets a massive top-edge that flies over the wicketkeeper to the long stop fence for four. An unfortunate end to the spell for Pradeep!
44.5
Pradeep to Maxwell, FOUR, full-toss, not quite above the waist, clubbed away to the deep mid-wicket boundary for four
44.4
Pradeep to Maxwell, FOUR, pitches it rather full again, loads of bottom-hand on that, and he swats it away towards the deep mid-wicket boundary for four
44.3
Pradeep to Maxwell, no run, yorker length delivery on the stumps, dug out down the wicket, a dive from the bowler, no hand on it - and hits the stumps at the other end
44.2
Pradeep to Maxwell, SIX, an even slower short ball, deliberate this time, Maxwell is in another league - absolutely clubs it over long-on for six. CARNAGE!
44.1
Pradeep to Maxwell, FOUR, shortish, not enough pace, clears his front-leg and carts it away to long-on for four
43.6
Malinga to Shaun Marsh, no run, strays on the pads, clipped away to the man in front of square leg
43.5
Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run, full-toss on middle and leg, whipped away towards wide long-on for a single
43.4
Malinga to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, slow dipping full-toss wide outside off, steered late towards backward point for a single
43.3
Malinga to Smith, out Bowled!! All class! A slinger of a delivery that curves towards off from round the wicket, needless to say, a yorker, and goes past Smith's flick to hit the base of the stumps! He looks distraught, but it did straighten a little towards the end of the flight - Magnus effect, countering the angle. Fantastic - a work of art, really, like his hair! wkt (4-278) min (90m). Smith b Malinga 73(59) [4s-7 6s-1]
43.2
Malinga to Maxwell, 1 run, very full, almost yorker length, gets under it and hammers it off the toe-end towards long-on for a single
43.1
Malinga to Maxwell, 2 runs, fuller length delivery just outside off, driven down to long-off for a couple
42.6
Udana to Maxwell, 1 run, a slower short one, sets up early and wrists away a guided pull towards backward square leg for a single
42.5
Udana to Smith, 1 run, perfect yorker length delivery on middle, eked out into the on-side for a quick single
42.4
Udana to Finch, out Caught by Karunaratne! A slower one from the back of the hand, rises steeply because of the overspin, Finch backs away and tries clubbing it cross-batted over long-off, slices it in the air and it lands into the cups of Karunaratne who pouches it safely at extra cover. End of an excellent innings by Finch - rather majestic but equally violent. Oh captain, my captain! wkt (3-273) min (176m). Finch c Karunaratne b Udana 153(132) [4s-15 6s-5]
42.3
Udana to Smith, 1 run, another rather full one on the stumps, whipped away towards deep square leg for a single
42.2
Udana to Smith, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on the stumps, whipped away towards wide long-on for a couple
42.1
Udana to Finch, 1 run, low full-toss, attempted yorker, sliced away towards cover, who half-stops it and manages to allow a single
41.6
Malinga to Smith, SIX, length delivery, right in the slot, and he's absolutely swung that over deep mid-wicket for six. No mercy - Smith just says "Merci!"
41.5
Malinga to Smith, no run, good length delivery wide outside off, carved straight to point
41.4
Malinga to Finch, 1 run, full and wide outside off, clubbed down to long-off for a single
41.3
Malinga to Smith, 1 run, good length delivery just outside off, punched to cover for a quick single
41.3
Malinga to Smith, wide, a slow dipping leg-side wide, quite a sight!
41.2
Malinga to Finch, 1 run, fuller one, another swing across the line, and a massive inside edge towards deep square leg for a single
41.1
Malinga to Finch, FOUR, angling across from round the wicket, Finch walks across and swats it away towards the cow corner fence for a one-bounce four
40.6
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, fuller ball and clipped away to the man at mid-wicket. They risk a single and make it as the throw at the bowler's end was missed
40.5
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, short ball, on to the hips and pulled away to the deep backward region for a four. This is highest score by an Aussie captain in World Cups
40.4
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, Backs away and cracks the ball away! Slams it on top of the bounce and gets it past the man at deep cover. 150 of the partnership is up as well
40.3
Pradeep to Smith, 1 run, fuller and down on to the pads, clipped away to fine leg for a single
40.2
Pradeep to Smith, FOUR, deft! Archs his body back and steers it with soft hands for a four towards deep third man for a four. Might not have wanted to play it that fine but gets it fine enough for a four
40.1
Pradeep to Smith, FOUR, what a shot! That was a good yorker. Straight and at the base of the sticks but Smith shuffles and clips the ball away to get it past the dive from the man at deep square for a four
39.6
Perera to Finch, no run, fuller delivery and drilled away but it finds the man at cover
39.5
Perera to Smith, 1 run, slaps the short ball outside off and gets it down to deep cover for a single
39.4
Perera to Finch, 1 run, right up there and that has been dug out into the off-side for a single
39.3
Perera to Finch, FOUR, short, wide, slashed past point and it races away to the deep backward fence for a four. The man at point dived to his left but that was still away from him
39.2
Perera to Finch, SIX, wild heave across the line and that goes the distance! Picked up the length ball outside off and smeared it across the line for a sixer. That was to the shorter side and went into the stands
39.1
Perera to Smith, 1 run, walks across his sticks and tucks the ball away to deep square leg for a single
38.6
Pradeep to Finch, 2 runs, pulls and gets it just over the man at short mid. That was mistimed and it popped over the fielder
38.5
Pradeep to Smith, 1 run, tucks the ball away off the hips and gets a single
38.4
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, lifts the ball over the man at cover and they get a single as the man at deep cover does well to cut it off
38.3
Pradeep to Smith, 1 run, walks across and tucks it fine for a single to fine leg. 22nd fifty overall and 3rd fifty in this tourney
38.2
Pradeep to Smith, no run, punches the ball on the up and finds the man at cover
38.1
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, upper steers the ball away and has been picked up by the man at deep third for a single. Used the pace of the bowler there
37.6
Perera to Finch, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, steered through point
37.5
Perera to Finch, FOUR, short of length delivery outside off, Finch crunches it off the back foot. Perera offered him plenty of width and was dispatched through backward point
37.4
Perera to Smith, 1 run, fuller than a length outside off, agricultural swipe from Smith, drags it off the inside half through square leg
37.3
Perera to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery at the top of off, stabbed wide of cover
37.2
Perera to Smith, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, punches it to deep point
37.1
Perera to Smith, no run, length ball outside off, Smith pushes it to mid-on
36.6
Udana to Finch, FOUR, very slow and short outside off, the ball was on its way down when Finch ran across and roundhoused it over extra cover
36.5
Udana to Smith, 1 run, shuffles across quite a bit and tucks it through midwicket
36.4
Udana to Smith, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, wanted to angle it down towards third man but was poking away from the body and was beaten on the outside edge
36.3
Udana to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, dabbed to backward point
36.2
Udana to Finch, no run, Smith seemed in big trouble when he was halfway down the pitch, lured by Finch into the single who then turned his back. But he turns around, dashes crazily and dives back. What helped him was an uninspiring effort from the point fielder
36.1
Udana to Smith, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, drags it with a pull down to fine leg
35.6
Perera to Smith, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, chopped back onto the back pad off the inside edge
35.5
Perera to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, driven powerfully off the back foot to sweeper cover
35.4
Perera to Smith, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, slapped to sweeper cover
35.3
Perera to Smith, FOUR, went after a length ball outside off, his feet were stuck in the crease so it didn't come off the way he wanted. But Smith ain't complaining with his outside edge running away fine to the third man boundary
35.2
Perera to Smith, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched to point
35.1
Perera to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery on off, blunted in front of cover
34.6
Udana to Finch, 1 run, clipped through square leg for one
34.5
Udana to Finch, no run, slower ball again, stops on Finch who almost chips it to midwicket. Falls just short
34.4
Udana to Finch, no run, that's bowled at 96kph. Quite slow from Udana as he angles it wide of off. Finch waits and waits, then drags it back off the inside edge onto the pad
34.3
Udana to Finch, no run, short of length across off, blocked to short cover
34.2
Udana to Finch, FOUR, at this stage of the innings, this is just too full from Udana. Finch clatters it to the left of mid-off who dives and gets a hand but it does nothing to change the destination of where the ball is headed
34.1
Udana to Finch, no run, short of length outside off, chopped to cover
33.6
Perera to Finch, 1 run, short of length delivery wide of off, cuts it to sweeper cover
33.5
Perera to Smith, 1 run, short of length around the waist, turned wide of midwicket
33.4
Perera to Smith, 2 runs, back of a length delivery outside off, punches it crisply to the right of sweeper cover
33.3
Perera to Smith, no run, pitched up outside off, driven towards cover who does well to stop
33.2
Perera to Finch, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, cuts it to deep point
33.1
Perera to Finch, no run, short of length delivery around off, punched to cover
32.6
Siriwardana to Finch, leg byes, 1 run, length ball going on with the arm towards leg, deflects off Finch's pad into the on-side
32.5
Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run, flighted up, lands in the blockhole outside off, Smith squeezes it to long-off
32.4
Siriwardana to Finch, 1 run, back of a length on middle, clipped through midwicket
32.3
Siriwardana to Finch, no run, drifting in on leg, swept hard but is denied by a diving backward square
32.2
Siriwardana to Finch, SIX, reaches his hundred in style! Cleared his front leg to a ball that was flighted up on off, got a stride forward and swung through the line over long-off. Nothing rash about the shot. All timing. Hadn't converted his previous two fifties at this World Cup. But he has cashed in today. Raises his bat and helmet as the Oval stands in applause
32.1
Siriwardana to Finch, no run, sliding in on leg, clipped to square leg
31.6
Malinga to Finch, 1 run, slower ball pitched up on off, punched down to long-on
31.5
Malinga to Finch, no run, dipping yorker around off, Finch turns it to midwicket
31.4
Malinga to Finch, no run, Malinga summons an inch-perfect yorker that Finch can only squeeze to mid-off. Saves the free-hit
31.4
Malinga to Finch, no ball, back of a length on off, guided to backward point. No-ball given as Sri Lanka have only four inside the ring when they should have five. Very ordinary stuff
31.3
Malinga to Smith, 1 run, slower one again, this time on middle and leg, Smith nudges through square leg
31.2
Malinga to Smith, no run, slower length ball outside off, steered to backward point
31.2
Malinga to Smith, wide, ducks underneath this short ball which is deemed too high
31.1
Malinga to Smith, FOUR, full toss outside off, only needed to drop his bat on it and place it in the gap through extra cover. Would've hit this for four blindfolded
30.6
Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run, driven out to sweeper cover
30.5
Siriwardana to Finch, 1 run, slow and loopy outside off, Finch almost plays it back on! Went hard on the drive and dragged it past off stump off the inside edge. Hits the keeper's shin pad on the full
30.4
Siriwardana to Smith, 1 run, overpitched outside off, driven through to sweeper cover
30.3
Siriwardana to Smith, no run, cuts it to backward point
30.2
Siriwardana to Smith, 2 runs, flighted up well wide outside off, Smith stretches for it and drives through point
30.1
Siriwardana to Smith, FOUR, swipes right across the line of it, fetches four through backward square. Would've been trapped right in front of middle had he missed. But that's a hill he's willing to die on
29.6
Malinga to Smith, 1 run, dipping full toss aiming for the toes, Smith shuffles towards off and plays across the line for a single to fine leg
29.5
Malinga to Smith, 2 runs, short ball outside off, Smith drags the pull through midwicket. Not a forceful shot, more of a jab
29.4
Malinga to Finch, 1 run, tailing in on leg, driven to long-on
29.4
Malinga to Finch, wide, dipping full toss that's well down leg, Finch can't get any bat on it
29.3
Malinga to Finch, no run, length ball on off, defended towards short cover
29.2
Malinga to Smith, 1 run, slower short ball around shoulder height, Smith fends it softly behind square, tucks it for one
29.1
Malinga to Finch, 1 run, slower ball on leg stump, clipped behind square
28.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, back of a length, fired in at the pads, Finch clips it through square leg
28.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, 1 run, flighted up on off, eased down to long-on
28.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, flat, sliding across leg from round the wicket, Finch closes the bat-face too early and gets a soft leading edge through mid-off
28.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, wide, darted down the leg-side, won't escape punishment this way. Has to bowl it again
28.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, SIX, in the slot again, too full. And Finch goes bang. Another wallop down the ground. 16 off 3. Finch jumps to within 11 of the hundred
28.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, SIX, muscular swing down the ground from Finch, no problems clearing long-on. That was in the slot from Dhananjaya and Finch didn't need a second invitation
28.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, FOUR, short ball going down leg, Finch sits on the back knee and pulls past short fine
27.6
Udana to Smith, FOUR, square driven! Superb hit. Gets the room outside off and screams the drive past point for a four. Smith off to a positive start
27.5
Udana to Smith, no run, fuller delivery and has been driven down to mid-off
27.4
Udana to Finch, 1 run, gorgeous on-drive which goes past the bowler for a single as the man at long-on cut it off
27.3
Udana to Smith, 1 run, clips the ball away for a single after walking across his sticks
27.2
Udana to Finch, 1 run, stabs the ball down to third man and gets a single as that was delivered slower
27.1
Udana to Smith, 1 run, stabs the ball down to third man for a single
26.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, 1 run, flicks the ball away past mid-wicket for a single
26.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, no run, dipping offie and has been blocked down into the deck
26.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, punches the ball down to long-off for a single
26.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, 1 run, loopy ball and has been driven down to long-on
26.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, beats the bowler this time with his back foot punch and gets it down to long-on for a single
26.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, pushed back to the bowler off the back foot
26.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, wide, tossed up delivery down leg and has been wided as Finch missed the sweep
25.6
Udana to Smith, FOUR, fuller delivery and has been clipped away stylishly! The low full toss was whipped away to deep mid for a four after Smith walked across his sticks
25.5
Udana to Smith, 2 runs, walks across and tucks it away to deep mid for a brace
25.4
Udana to Smith, no run, length delivery and has been stabbed back to the bowler
25.3
Udana to Finch, 1 run, length delivery and has been stabbed out past point for a single
25.2
Udana to Smith, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been dug out into the on-side for a single
25.1
Udana to Finch, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been pushed down to long-on for a single
24.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, no run, fuller ball and has been driven back to the bowler
24.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, fuller ball and has been on-driven down to long-on for a single
24.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, 1 run, waits on that flighted ball and nudges it away for a single to the man at square leg
24.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, no run, tucks the ball away but fails to beat the man at short mid
24.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, no run, flighted ball and has been hit back at the bowler
24.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Smith, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed out into the on-side
23.6
Pradeep to Finch, SIX, and finally connects! Some play and miss from Finch but not on that occasion. Short ball, Finch got on top of it and hooked it away for a sixer behind square. Good hit!!!
23.5
Pradeep to Finch, no run, a little noise as the ball went past the bat after Finch missed the pull. Short and well outside off, Finch tried to fetch it from well outside off and missed it
23.4
Pradeep to Finch, no run, wicket-to-wicket channel and has been stabbed out into the on-side. Somehow got his bat down in time and the ball didn't deck in enough as well
23.3
Pradeep to Smith, 1 run, walks across his sticks and tucks it off his hips for a single
23.2
Pradeep to Smith, no run, looks to tuck after his trademark shuffle but misses it as the ball skidded on. That was delivered at 139kph
23.1
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, knocks it fine to fine leg for a single
22.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, out Caught by Udana!! Tossed up delivery, Khawaja sinks down on one knee and slog sweeps. The ball flies away and the man at deep mid sits low and takes it. Excellent take. Good luring delivery and Khawaja decided to go aerial but has been pouched. The dot balls got to him wkt (2-100) min (21m). Khawaja c Udana b Dhananjayade Silva 10(20) [4s-1]
22.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, no run, pushed off the back foot and it finds the man at point
22.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, murders that flatter ball outside off and the man at long-off sends it back
22.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 2 runs, punches the ball off the back foot and gets it past the man at cover for a double
22.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, spills that down leg but interestingly hasn't been wided as Finch missed the sweep
22.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, tucked off the pads to find the man at mid-wicket
21.6
Pradeep to Khawaja, no run, length delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side
21.5
Pradeep to Khawaja, no run, good high bouncer and Khawaja hops up and down to let it go in the end
21.4
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, the ball flies off the inner edge towards fine leg for a single
21.3
Pradeep to Finch, no run, lot of skid at 138kph and the batsman is cut into two halves. That went over the sticks as it decked in late. Finch wanted to force the pace on the ball but was beaten on the inner edge
21.2
Pradeep to Khawaja, 1 run, gets big does the short ball and has been awkwardly pulled away to fine leg for a single. More off the gloves I feel
21.1
Pradeep to Khawaja, no run, nipping across the southpaw and seems to have gone past the edge. The Lankan fielders were up and appealling but don't take the review
20.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, tucked off the back foot to find the man at mid-wicket
20.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, 1 run, tossed up delivery and has been driven into the covers for a single
20.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, nurdles the ball off the back foot and gets a single square on the on-side
20.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, uppish nudge and finds the man at short mid
20.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, flatter ball and has been punched back to the bowler
20.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, flatter delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
19.6
Pradeep to Khawaja, no run, another lively bouncer from Pradeep, superb wheels and Khawaja half-ducks to avoid it
19.5
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, marginally full outside off, Finch smashes it through cover
19.4
Pradeep to Khawaja, 1 run, glided away to third man
19.3
Pradeep to Khawaja, no run, good follow-up ball from Pradeep. Bends his back and slips in the bumper, forces Khawaja to take evasive action
19.2
Pradeep to Khawaja, FOUR, Pradeep produces the outside edge but Khawaja gets away. Thanks to his hard hands, chases at this widish delivery as he goes away from his body. There's only one slip and it runs away to the third man boundary
19.1
Pradeep to Khawaja, no run, too loose from Khawaja. Pitched fuller outside off and Pradeep lures him into a drive before cunningly getting it to wobble away past the outside edge
18.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, 1 run, thrashed off the back foot to sweeper cover
18.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, no run, flighted, more air and Khawaja leans into a drive to extra cover
18.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, flatter outside off, Finch backs away and smears it along the ground to sweeper cover
18.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, 1 run, floated up outside off, scythed into the gap at cover
18.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, eased away to long-on
18.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, some drift for Silva just outside off. Finch creates room and goes hard at it, pistols towards point after scraping the outer half
17.6
Perera to Finch, 1 run, full again, well outside off. Pushed softly to cover
17.5
Perera to Finch, no run, pitched up near the off-pole, Finch smells the leather off the front foot
17.4
Perera to Khawaja, 1 run, pulls his length back and Khawaja steers it behind point
17.3
Perera to Khawaja, no run, fraction fuller outside off, Khawaja presses forward and defends
17.2
Perera to Khawaja, no run, back of a length outside off, quelled to point
17.1
Perera to Finch, 1 run, another fifty in the bag for Finch. Back-to-back half-centuries for the Australian captain. His 24th fifty in ODIs and it has been a treat to watch so far. Waves his bat and Shaun Marsh in the dressing room is up on his feet and applauds. Brings up the landmark with a squirty push off the outer half to third man
16.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, no run, flatter in trajectory, Khawaja jumps back and defends it
16.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Khawaja, no run, hurled fast, accurate at the stumps. Forward and smothered
16.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Warner, out Bowled!! Start the Papare, Sri Lanka have picked up a wicket out of nowhere. It's the magic arm of DDS that does the trick for the Lankans. On this occasion, Warner loses patience and pays the price. It was rifled in quicker from round the wicket, Warner made room and exposed all three stumps in a bid to cut it through the off-side. Misjudged it totally and it hurried through the deck to shatter the stumps. de Silva is elated, so are his team-mates wkt (1-80) min (70m). Warner b Dhananjayade Silva 26(48) [4s-2]
16.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Warner, no run, wicket-to-wicket stuff, patient smothering from Warner
16.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, wristy flick to long-on
16.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, shorter and quicker, pushes Finch onto the back foot. Turned to mid-wicket
15.6
Perera to Finch, 1 run, fuller outside off, bashed to sweeper cover
15.5
Perera to Finch, no run, tidy lines from Perera. Cutting back into the right-hander, Finch takes a stride and blunts it out
15.4
Perera to Finch, no run, 127kph, probing just outside off. Obdurate defence from the crease
15.3
Perera to Warner, 1 run, length on off, dabbed into the vacant region at cover
15.2
Perera to Finch, 1 run, throws it wider of off, crunchy drive to sweeper cover
15.1
Perera to Finch, no run, good length, shaping in around off. Finch respects it with a solid block
14.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Warner, no run, tossed outside off, Warner checks his push to extra cover
14.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Warner, no run, armer, drifting in from round the wicket and Warner with a loose push without judging the drift. Squirts it off the inner half to mid-wicket
14.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, easy-peasy singles. Quicker on leg, wristed in front of square on the leg-side
14.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Warner, 1 run, 89kph, darter. Warner dawdles out and bunts it away to long-on
14.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, 1 run, tries some loop, overpitches and Finch drills it down to long-on
14.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Finch, no run, gives a bit of flight first up, Finch drives it back
13.6
Perera to Warner, no run, "Nooo" says Warner after dead-batting the final ball of the over back to the bowler
13.5
Perera to Finch, 1 run, tickled away neatly to deep mid-wicket
13.4
Perera to Warner, 1 run, spongy bounce from a length, Warner lunges forward and stabs his defence with a tilted bat and it beats the dive from the fielder at point to roll away to third man
13.3
Perera to Finch, 1 run, more movement for Perera. This one seamed in sharply and fooled Finch, who inside-edges it through square leg
13.2
Perera to Finch, no run, hint of dip on this full ball on middle, Finch presents the straightest of bats to drive it to mid-on
13.1
Perera to Warner, 1 run, 128kph, short of length nipping away in the channel just outside off. Warner protracts his arms and creams it to sweeper cover
12.6
Udana to Finch, 2 runs, Finch is milking runs at will. Bit of width from Udana, Finch stands tall and punches it crisply to the right of sweeper cover. Easy two for the taking..
12.5
Udana to Finch, no run, pitched up on off, forward press to cover
12.4
Udana to Finch, 2 runs, short from Udana, Finch displays a Flamingo style one-legged pull behind square. There's a tag-team work in the deep, the fine leg fielder picks up the ball and flicks it to the deep square leg fielder, who relays the throw to the keeper
12.3
Udana to Finch, no run, no feet from Finch. Just extends his hands against this full ball to block it to cover
12.2
Udana to Warner, 1 run, twirls his wrists and works it to mid-wicket
12.1
Udana to Finch, 1 run, too short from Udana, cracked away to sweeper cover
11.6
Perera to Finch, 1 run, Finch opens his bat face at the last instant and guides it away to third man
11.5
Perera to Warner, 1 run, Warner flails his hands at this one and forces it towards extra cover
11.5
Perera to Warner, wide, that's awry from Perera. Overdoes it, lasering it just outside the tramlines and he's been punished
11.4
Perera to Warner, no run, slants it away outside off, Warner checks his push to cover
11.3
Perera to Finch, 1 run, poked to cover
11.2
Perera to Finch, no run, indipper from Perera, Finch was committed on the front foot block and ended up playing it slightly outside the line. There were two sounds but it was confirmed by the technology that it was pad first. Although the impact went in favour of Finch there. Anyway, it was a good review from Sri Lanka
11.1
Perera to Finch, leg byes, 2 runs, jerked back into the right-hander with some extra bounce which defeats Finch on the whip. Runs off the thigh pad towards mid-wicket and they will add two leg-byes to the tally
10.6
Udana to Finch, 1 run, rolls his fingers across on a back of a length, angling it in the fourth stump line. Finch hangs his bat and jabs it gently to sweeper cover
10.5
Udana to Warner, 1 run, no real pace or bounce on this length delivery outside off, Warner sits deep and punches it through cover
10.4
Udana to Warner, 2 runs, Warner breaks the monotony of dots and nudges it into the mid-wicket region and retains the strike, courtesy a couple of runs
10.3
Udana to Warner, no run, sticks to fuller length, shifts his line just outside off and Warner stomps into a soft dab to point
10.2
Udana to Warner, no run, 130kph, incoming full delivery, attacking the stumps. Warner gets half-forward and knocks it to mid-on
10.1
Udana to Warner, no run, shortish outside off, Warner uses the pace and taps it to point
9.6
Perera to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery in the channel outside off, Finch shuffles across and shoulders arms
9.5
Perera to Finch, no run, another fuller length delivery outside off, driven to cover
9.4
Perera to Finch, no run, slower delivery, fuller in length, driven straight back to the bowler
9.3
Perera to Finch, FOUR, short and marginally wide, punched off the backfoot, square of wicket, for four - consecutive boundaries
9.2
Perera to Finch, FOUR, good length delivery outside off, driven through the line, bursting through the hands of the cover fielder so quickly that I couldn't recognize him, to the deep extra cover boundary for four
9.1
Perera to Warner, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the thigh, tucked away towards deep square leg for a single
8.6
Udana to Finch, no run, short of length delivery across the right-hander, punched off the backfoot towards cover
8.5
Udana to Warner, 1 run, fuller delivery on the pads, nudged softly in front of square leg for a sharp single
8.4
Udana to Warner, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, defended solidly off the backfoot
8.3
Udana to Warner, no run, back of a length delivery on off, dropped into the off-side
8.2
Udana to Warner, no run, skids through from a good length on off-stump towards middle, Warner defends hastily from the crease
8.1
Udana to Warner, no run, right in the zone, seams in slightly from a back of a length, Warner is almost drawn into a punch towards the off-side, withdraws his blade at the last moment
7.6
Pradeep to Warner, 1 run, on the thigh, tucked away off the backfoot to deep square leg for a single
7.5
Pradeep to Warner, 2 runs, back of a length delivery outside off, pushed to cover, and he's (Kusal Mendis) absolutely made a mess of a straightforward pick-up - allows a second
7.4
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, another half-volley just outside off, Finch drills a check-drive to extra cover and another single - if he just found the gap, it would have sped away before the throw from the fielder reached the 'keeper
7.3
Pradeep to Finch, no run, good length delivery outside off, driven on the up and straight to cover
7.3
Pradeep to Warner, wide, 2 banged into Pradeep's half, Warner ducks under it, Kusal Perera can't do that - leaps and gets a hand on it but ends up ramping it a little, but gets some pace off it. 2 wides it is.
7.2
Pradeep to Warner, no run, tight line, good length as well, and he reaches out to drive it towards cover with a slightly open face
7.1
Pradeep to Warner, FOUR, fuller length delivery marginally wide outside off, Warner reaches out and opens the face to split the gap between backward point and cover point - gets it away for a boundary
6.6
Malinga to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven straight to cover
6.5
Malinga to Finch, FOUR, length delivery angling across towards off, Finch gets forward and drives it firmly to the right of Thisara at mid-off - and it bursts through him and races away to the long-off boundary for four
6.4
Malinga to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery across the batsman, too far across, and he's left it alone. Looks on in ridicule...
6.3
Malinga to Finch, 2 runs, strays on the pads, clipped away towards deep backward square leg for a couple
6.2
Malinga to Finch, FOUR, another full one, Finch is more positive with his forward press and just leans into a picture-perfect straight drive for four. Stunning shot!
6.1
Malinga to Finch, no run, straight and full on middle, an open-faced steer to cover point
5.6
Pradeep to Warner, no run, back of a length delivery on leg and middle, another little push to mid-off - can't find the gap
5.5
Pradeep to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery on off, check-driven to mid-off
5.4
Pradeep to Warner, 2 runs, good length delivery on off, Warner opens the face and steers it through the gap in the covers for a couple
5.3
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, short of length delivery on off, Finch hops to get on top of the bounce and fends it into the on-side
5.2
Pradeep to Finch, no run, half-volley outside off, a crisp check-drive through the covers - oops, not quite through! A dive by Thisara Perera and he's saved a potential boundary on this quick outfield.
5.1
Pradeep to Finch, no run, good length delivery on off, Warner gets fully forward and defends
4.6
Malinga to Warner, no run, good length delivery on the pads, clipped away towards square leg
4.5
Malinga to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery on off, driven to wide mid-off
4.4
Malinga to Warner, no run, on the padsa again, clipped to square leg
4.3
Malinga to Warner, no run, skiddy good length delivery on middle and leg, Warner hastily defends from the crease
4.2
Malinga to Warner, 2 runs, stops from a good length, Warner gets forward to drive, checks his shot, and ends up chipping a miscue towards straightish long-off for a couple
4.1
Malinga to Finch, 1 run, straying on the pads, whipped away towards deep backward square leg for a single
3.6
Pradeep to Warner, no run, on the pads again, nudged to square leg
3.5
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery angling in, tucked to mid-wicket for a quick single
3.4
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, picks up the in-angler from a length, clipped away with good timing through cow corner for four. A great chase by Udana - and he's dived. He's rammed into the board and might have done something to his left shoulder/elbow. He's a left-arm bowler - I know, I'm super-selfish, but nothing in the way of cricket. I think he is going off.
3.3
Pradeep to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery at the fulcrum, a short-arm pull without a lot of leverage towards mid-on
3.2
Pradeep to Finch, no run, length delivery just outside off, punched from the crease to cover
3.1
Pradeep to Finch, no run, good length delivery on off-stump, check-driven back, stopped by the bowler's foot on the followthrough
2.6
Malinga to Warner, no run, back of a length delivery in the zone, Warner shoulders arms on account of the angle
2.5
Malinga to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery on middle and off, dug out to mid-on
2.4
Malinga to Warner, no run, good length delivery outside off, check-driven to cover
2.3
Malinga to Warner, no run, good length delivery outside off, Warner steps forward and across and leaves it alone
2.2
Malinga to Warner, no run, good length delivery on middle, Warner defends from the crease
2.1
Malinga to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery wide outside off, an attempted cover drive, miscued back to the bowler
1.6
Pradeep to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery angling in slightly, seaming back in, Finch steps across and shoulders arms. A brave leave on account of the bounce more than the line...
1.5
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, not the worst delivery on middle, Finch just drives through the line, missing the stumps at the other end by a rather small margin, and away for a boundary. A fabulous straight drive!
1.4
Pradeep to Finch, no run, seams back in slightly, Finch gets across and defends off the inside edge into the on-side
1.3
Pradeep to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery on middle, Finch check-driven to mid-on. No placement, but the elegance in that shot - wow!
1.2
Pradeep to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery once again on off-stump, Finch defends off the backfoot towards mid-off
1.1
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, back of a length delivery just outside off, nothing wrong with that, except the lack of lateral movement, and that's punched solidly to the wide long-off fence for four
0.6
Malinga to Warner, no run, off and middle line, on a good length, Warner gets half-forward and deadbats
0.5
Malinga to Warner, no run, short of length delivery angling across, straightening slightly, Warner steps across and shoulders arms
0.4
Malinga to Warner, no run, another fuller length one on the pads, clipped straight to midwicket
0.3
Malinga to Warner, FOUR, fuller length delivery on the pads, clipped away with fantastic timing between mid-on and midwicket for four. Gee he timed the leather off that ball. No power - that's unusual for Warner
0.2
Malinga to Warner, no run, curves in a little with the arm, and then seams away just as Warner gets committed to a check-drive towards cover - beaten on the outside edge
0.1
Malinga to Warner, no run, skids through from middle, Warner gets forward and defends compactly
Commentary
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Pradeep,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
Aaron Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
