49.6
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, out Bowled!! Superb yorker to cap things off. Saifuddin was really good at the death with the yorkers and fittingly ends with a wicket. This was zeroing in on middle and leg, Bravo clearly didn't anticipate the length properly and was very late on the heave. Beaten neck and crop wkt (8-321) min (36m). Timber! Darren Bravo b Saifuddin 19(15) [6s-2]
49.5
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, no run, marginal call but they decide against the wide. Wide yorker and Bravo bailed out of the shot expecting an extra ball. Doesn't get it
49.4
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, no run, full and very wide outside off, one-handed squeeze from Bravo to deep point. Refuses the single. Finally, he's thinking as a batsman
49.3
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, SIX, he's picked the ones out of this one. Read the slower ball and delayed the slog a fraction before going across the line with full force. Das at deep mid-wicket leapt full-stretch but it was well over him. Useful hit!
49.2
Saifuddin to Thomas, 1 run, fuller and wider outside off, driven through the covers for a single
49.2
Saifuddin to Thomas, wide, not sure what Saifuddin is doing here. He has a tailender to bowl at and is still trying some defensive stuff which again isn't on target. Sees Thomas giving the charge and attempts a wide yorker, well wide outside off
49.2
Saifuddin to Thomas, wide, attempts the bouncer this time, too high and easily over Thomas's head
49.1
Saifuddin to Thomas, no run, has a heave at this one, does Thomas, gets an inside edge onto the boot and it deflects up back to Saifuddin. Bump ball
49.1
Saifuddin to Thomas, wide, another wide yorker gone wrong, ends up as a full toss that was very wide outside off. Weird choice of delivery against a tailender
48.6
Mustafizur to Thomas, 1 run, low full toss and it's driven down the ground to long-on. Thomas keeps the strike. Hmm, not sure what this is about!
48.5
Mustafizur to Thomas, no run, review for hitwicket! Soft signal was not out and it stays that way. Was really funny actually. Thomas went for the slog against the yorker and didn't connect at all. After having played the shotm the bat came back to disturb the bails. Bangladesh were excited and hence, this was sent upstairs. However, the third umpire, like the on-field umpires, felt that it happened after Thomas had completed playing his shot. Hence, it wouldn't matter at all
48.4
Mustafizur to Thomas, 2 runs, quite full once more, Thomas squeezes it down towards wide long-on and they pinch a brace thanks to some sloppy fielding from Sarkar in the deep
48.3
Mustafizur to Darren Bravo, 1 run, this is hilarious! Thomas was unwilling to take the single and with this being the third ball of the over, the tailender had a point to be honest. Bravo stabbed this yorker straight back past Mustafizur
48.2
Mustafizur to Thomas, 1 run, connects one finally! Full toss angling into Thomas who works it away to deep backward square leg
48.1
Mustafizur to Thomas, no run, swing and a miss! Very full and around off, Thomas clears his front leg for a heave but doesn't connect. He's better off giving the strike back to Darren Bravo
48.1
Mustafizur to Thomas, wide, wild swish from Thomas but the ball was miles away from him. Backed away to make room and Mustafizur went wider with the bouncer. Too high though and wided
47.6
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, SIX, launched into the stands! As the last specialist batter left, Bravo has to do all the scoring and he tees off here against a slot ball. Not the area to bowl, not at this stage and certainly at this stage of the innings. Bravo just cleared his front leg and dumped this over wide long-on. 300 up for WI in style
47.6
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, wide, wide yorker attempt from Saifuddin this time but it goes horribly wrong. It's way, way wide outside off and Rahim manages to stop it
47.5
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, no run, Saifuddin is nailing the yorkers in this over, middle and leg line, Bravo stabs it out to extra cover
47.4
Saifuddin to Thomas, 1 run, very full and outside off, heaved away down the ground to long-on
47.3
Saifuddin to Thomas, no run, fuller once again and outside off, Thomas just keeps it out with a push
47.2
Saifuddin to Thomas, no run, fuller and down the leg-side, Thomas wanted to flick it away but this mildly brushes the pad en route to Rahim
47.1
Saifuddin to Thomas, no run, pacy and on a yorker length outside off, Thomas is very late as he tries to defend. Sneaks beneath the bat
46.6
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, out Caught by Liton Das!! Heartbreak for Hope as he misses out on the hundred. You got a feeling in recent overs that he was probably getting a bit too eager to reach the landmark. Not to be today. Was a low full toss and Hope went across early in a bid to manipulate the field on the leg-side. However, the attempted aerial whip shot isn't placed well ant Das at deep square leg doesn't really have to budge at all. End of a good knock from Hope, perhaps lost a bit of steam towards the end. He was looking to go over short fine leg but couldn't control the shot at all wkt (7-297) min (191m). Shai Hope c Liton Das b Mustafizur 96(121) [4s-4 6s-1]
46.5
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, those wily cutters are back, and with the angle across the right-hander can be tough to deal with. Even a well-set Hope is unable to get bat on ball as he tries a full-blooded cut
46.4
Mustafizur to Darren Bravo, 1 run, pinpoint yorker on middle and leg, nothing much Bravo can do except dig it out to mid-wicket
46.3
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, superbly done by Saifuddin! Another superb save, this time at short third man to save three runs for his side. It was a half-chance but to be honest, it wouldn't have carried to him anyway and he did well to control the bounce after diving to his left. Was a fuller ball to start with as Hope went for the inside out loft, got a slice that was travelling and Saifuddin did really well
46.2
Mustafizur to Darren Bravo, 1 run, angling in from a shortish length and Bravo plays a one-legged whip down towards fine leg
46.1
Mustafizur to Darren Bravo, no run, starts with a bumper and Bravo lets it go over him into Rahim's gloves
45.6
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 2 runs, very full and arrowing in on middle stump, Hope makes a bit of room and whips it with a lot of bottom hand through mid-wicket. The man in the deep gets across with a slide to his left to save some runs
45.5
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, superb stop from Saifuddin in his followthrough. Bangladesh's fielding has certainly been superb today. This was a low full toss that Hope drove really hard but Saifuddin was quick to react
45.4
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, 1 run, slower ball on middle and leg, Bravo stabs it off the inside half towards the gap at mid-wicket
45.3
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, full toss on leg stump and Hope whips it away to deep square leg
45.2
Saifuddin to Darren Bravo, 1 run, very full and on off stump, squeezed out through cover-point
45.1
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, angled into Hope on leg stump, worked in front of short fine leg for a single
44.6
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, floated well wide outside off and Hope has to really fetch this for the straight loft. Ends up slicing it towards long-off, well short of the fielde
44.5
Mehidy Hasan to Darren Bravo, 1 run, flatter and angled into Bravo who makes room to slap it to deep point
44.4
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, floated up outside off, Hope leans forward and drives it down to long-off
44.3
Mehidy Hasan to Darren Bravo, 1 run, floated up fuller outside off, driven through the covers
44.2
Mehidy Hasan to Darren Bravo, no run, fuller and outside off, defended off the front foot
44.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, flatter one on leg stump, flicked away to deep mid-wicket
43.6
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, very full and outside off, driven fluently off the front foot down to long-off
43.5
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, finds the yorker outside off, pinpoint accuracy and Hope jams it out to point
43.4
Saifuddin to Holder, out Caught by Mahmudullah!! Saifuddin has the last laugh. Doesn't matter though as Holder has done his job of providing further impetus with a blistering cameo. This wasn't a wicket-taking ball, was a full toss but as it happens sometimes at this stage of the innings, gets Saifuddin a wicket. Holder lost his shape while going for the loft and only managed skying it down towards long-off. Mahmudullah takes it with ease wkt (6-282) min (18m). Holder c Mahmudullah b Saifuddin 33(15) [4s-4 6s-2]
43.4
Saifuddin to Holder, wide, pressure telling on Saifuddin and in a bid to keep off Holder's arc, spears this very wide outside off. Too wide!
43.3
Saifuddin to Holder, 2 runs, quite full once more, drilled down the ground straight back past Saifuddin and they sneak a brace
43.2
Saifuddin to Holder, FOUR, straight as an arrow! Holder is striking them sweet from ball one and the WI juggernaut continues. Poor from Saifuddin though, gives one in the slot and it's launched with a straight bat. Effortless hitting from the skipper!
43.1
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, angling in on middle and leg, Hope works it through mid-wicket and initially, Holder was thinking about the second run. No way that was happening
42.6
Mortaza to Shai Hope, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, tucked softly towards short fine leg for a sharp single
42.5
Mortaza to Holder, 1 run, too straight in line and Holder flicks it away to deep mid-wicket
42.4
Mortaza to Holder, FOUR, just short of Tamim! He dived forward after coming in from long-on but it didn't carry to him and also sneaked past to the fence. Was a low full toss and Holder just checked his loft, gets away with it in the end
42.3
Mortaza to Holder, SIX, this is a gargantuan hit! WOW! 105m hit! One thing with the round the wicket angle is that you can't bowl it in the arc at all and that's what Mortaza does. Easily for Holder who unleashes his power with a slog over cow corner. Blistering stuff!
42.2
Mortaza to Holder, no run, goes for a wild slog, Holder, but only drags it off the inside half towards mid-wicket. Mortaza is bowling the round-the-wicket line to cramp the hitting
42.1
Mortaza to Shai Hope, 1 run, tight run and Hope just about makes it. Short of a length ball on leg stump, was dabbed towards cover for a sharp single. Direct hit might have had Hope in some trouble
41.6
Mustafizur to Holder, FOUR, Holder finally connects and this is a superb pull shot through mid-wicket. This bouncer wasn't as high as the previous ones and it sat up nicely for Holder who literally shovelled it away with great control
41.5
Mustafizur to Holder, no run, banged in short and it's a well-directed bouncer as well, Holder fails to connect the pull
41.4
Mustafizur to Holder, 2 runs, carved over extra cover and long-off gets across to his left to tidy up in the deep. Holder wanted to go straighter with the loft but ended up slicing it
41.3
Mustafizur to Holder, no run, up in the air for a while but well short of first slip. Don't think there was any bat/glove there. Yea, replays confirm it, came off the shoulder. Holder went after this short ball but was clearly late on the shot
41.2
Mustafizur to Holder, no run, fuller and on middle and off, Holder is hanging back and pushes with an open face to backward point
41.1
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, quite full and angling across Hope who drives exquisitely through point to the deep fielder
40.6
Shakib to Holder, no run, slower and fuller outside off, defended off the front foot towards cover
40.5
Shakib to Holder, FOUR, the skipper isn't going to die wondering and with Bravo still left, Holder can afford to tee off as well. Sees a bit of flight and extends his arms to bludgeon the drive. Bisects mid-off and extra cover
40.4
Shakib to Holder, SIX, wowza! How's this for a start! In the slot it is and Holder wastes no time. Walks across a bit and slog sweeps this merrily into the stands at cow corner. Mighty hit!
40.3
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, direct hit but Holder is well in! Was dabbed off the back foot in front of backward point and the batsmen cross
40.2
Shakib to Shai Hope, no run, looped up outside off, defended off the front foot towards mid-off
40.1
Shakib to Shai Hope, no run, floated up wider outside off, Hope drives with hard hands but can't beat extra cover
39.6
Mustafizur to A Russell, out Caught by Rahim!! Got him, yes gone! Mustafizur has struck twice and these are two vital blows. Bangladesh needed wickets and he's provided that instantly. Another gripping off cutter from the Fizz and it bounces extra once again. Russell was clearly not liking this length and the zip off the pitch as he tried to fend at it. Only manages a nick and Rahim dives across to his right to pouch this. No doubts on this one, there was a healthy edge. Bangladeshi supporters have found their voice all of a sudden wkt (5-243) min (5m). A Russell c Rahim b Mustafizur 0(2)
39.5
Mustafizur to A Russell, no run, excitement from Rahim! He thinks there is an edge here but given his history, it's tough to trust him. Mortaza doesn't seem convinced either. Was a lovely off cutter from Mustafizur that bounced a bit as Russell pushed inside the line. So, so close as it whizzes past the edge
39.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, leg byes, 1 run, massive LBW shout! Turned down. I guess it pitched outside leg and that's what makes Bangladesh not to review it. Replays confirm that they were right. Hope fell across on the flick and was struck on the pad. Would have hit the stumps for sure but that won't mind
39.3
Mustafizur to Hetmyer, out Caught by Tamim!! In the air for miles....and taken! This was up for so, so long and such catches are usually shelled under pressure. Not this time as the senior man Tamim pouches it with a forward dive, after having covered good ground to his right from deep square leg. Superbly done by the veteran. Much-needed wicket for Bangladesh as Hetmyer was teeing off and looking unstoppable. Went for the slog once more but the length wasn't quite there and also, Mustafizur had taken pace off. It induced a massive mishit that was well-taken in the deep wkt (5-242) min (34m). Hetmyer c Tamim b Mustafizur 50(26) [4s-4 6s-3]
39.2
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, tucked softly towards backward square leg for a single
39.1
Mustafizur to Hetmyer, 1 run, leading edge but it's between mid-off and extra cover. Joint-fastest fifty of CWC 2019! It's been a sensational knock so far and it doesn't seem like he's finished at all. Coming to the ball, Hetmyer closed the bat face early and pinched a single to get to the landmark
38.6
Mehidy Hasan to Hetmyer, 1 run, down the pitch goes Hetmyer but Mehidy does well to follow him with a really full delivery. Stabbed down to long-off
38.5
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, another slider on middle and leg, Hope stays back and works it away to deep mid-wicket. He's happy with these singles as Hetmyer does the damage at the other end
38.4
Mehidy Hasan to Hetmyer, 1 run, continues to stay leg-side of the ball and cuts it away to sweeper cover
38.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, hangs it on a shorter length as Hope stays back to punch it down to long-on
38.2
Mehidy Hasan to Hetmyer, 1 run, slower this time and Hetmyer is early on the cut shot after making room. Chops it to sweeper cover
38.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, sliding into the pads, Hope stays back and milks it to deep mid-wicke
37.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Hetmyer, 2 runs, dart on leg stump but these aren't surprising Hetmyer anymore. He is on the back foot and flicks it away in between deep mid-wicket and long-on
37.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Hetmyer, no run, makes room for the big slog but it's too full and he misses, hit on the back leg
37.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Hetmyer, no run, cramps Hetmyer with a slider on middle and leg, smeared off the back foot towards the mid-wicket region as Mosaddek gets across to stop
37.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Hetmyer, SIX, pummelled by Hetmyer! He is showing no mercy at all. Once again he is camping back, expecting the good length ball and blasts the pull away. This has gone out of the ground! Oh my word! This could be a match-defining knock. By the way, this is the biggest six of the tournament at 104m
37.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Hetmyer, 2 runs, fumble at square leg and it's the skipper who is at fault. Allows a brace as bonus. Was a back foot whip from Hetmyer and should have been stopped
37.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Hetmyer, FOUR, brilliantly struck! Hung back to this really quick and cut it hard through point. Such power and he bisected the two men in the deep
36.6
Mehidy Hasan to Hetmyer, 1 run, sliding in from around off stump, Hetmyer chops the cut to point and will keep strike
36.5
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, flatter one on leg stump, Hope sits back and works it through square leg
36.4
Mehidy Hasan to Hetmyer, 1 run, good stop at backward point and the batsmen get a single. Could have easily have had more if not for that fine piece of fielding. Was a back foot cut from Hetmyer and he gets a single
36.3
Mehidy Hasan to Hetmyer, FOUR, he's getting into that unstoppable mood now, Hetmyer! Fractionally short and he backs away early to make room before going bang through the covers. Well wide of the sweeper cover fielder
36.2
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, quicker and spinning into the pads, flicked away to deep square leg
36.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 2 runs, quicker and fuller as well, drilled away wide of the long-on fielder for a brace
35.6
Saifuddin to Hetmyer, SIX, what a crunchy sound off the blade! It's gone into the crowd at deep mid-wicket as well. What a hit! Hetmyer has shifted gears now and there could some real carnage in the coming overs if he hangs on. Gets across to this slot ball from Saifuddin and launches the slog sweep. Was in the air for a long, long time but also went the distance
35.5
Saifuddin to Hetmyer, no run, very full, almost the perfect yorker and Hetmyer stabs it back to the bowler
35.4
Saifuddin to Hetmyer, SIX, clobbered away! Banged in short and Hetmyer sits back for the full-blooded pull. Fetched it right off the sweet spot and away she went, all the way over deep backward square leg
35.3
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, tries the yorker and ends up dishing out a low full toss, drilled down to long-on
35.2
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 2 runs, short of a length on leg stump, worked off the back foot into the gap at deep mid-wicket
35.1
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 2 runs, short of a length on leg stump, worked off the back foot to deep mid-wicket
34.6
Mustafizur to Hetmyer, 2 runs, strays onto the pads and Hetmyer glances away down towards fine leg for a brace
34.5
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, massive mix up but Hetmyer escapes! He was not even in the frame as this throw at the keeper's end misses its target. What a reprieve for West Indies! This was dabbed softly by Hope with an open face and the running was terrible to say the least. Saifuddin had all the time in the world to hit the target but couldn't succeed. Maybe, Rahim could have been more alert and got to the stumps?
34.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, the off cutter on middle and off, Hope gets back and dabs it to point
34.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, wide, strays well down the leg-side, Hope gets across to flick it away but misses
34.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, wide, 5 more runs! Mustafizur hasn't begun well in this new spell. Tries another bumper, probably out of frustration and this is so high that it sails comfortably over Hope. Rahim can do nothing, not with his frame and this height on the bumper
34.3
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, FOUR, another fine shot! Short ball from Mustafizur and it's met with a swivel-pull to the long leg fence. Two shots of absolute control from Hope
34.2
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, SIX, brilliant hit! Hope breaks the shackles a bit with a glorious shot. Charged down the track and expected the shorter length from Mustafizur. Went through the flat-batted hit and absolutely cracked it off the middle. Mid-off was up and it's not only over him, but also over the fence
34.1
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, hits the deck with a cross-seamer as Hope shuffles across for the flick. Gets a soft leading edge down the pitch
33.6
Saifuddin to Hetmyer, no run, just short of backward point! Was a widish half-volley and Hetmyer couldn't resist. Goes hard on the square drive but only manages a slice that doesn't carry to Mehidy who did well to judge the bounce to make a good stop
33.5
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, slower and fuller on middle, whipped away towards deep mid-wicket
33.4
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 2 runs, angling into the hips from a good length, Hope tucks it behind square on the leg-side as the short fine leg fielder chases it down
33.3
Saifuddin to Hetmyer, 1 run, good running! Slow off cutter and this grips a bit off the surface as Hetmyer nudges it with an open fact to short third man. Shai Hope was backing up early for the single and they complete the run with ease
33.2
Saifuddin to Hetmyer, no run, fires in a yorker outside off, good accuracy on this from Saifuddin and Hetmyer jams it out off the inside half of the blade. For a moment, he wasn't sure where the ball went and thought about the single. Sent back
33.1
Saifuddin to Hetmyer, FOUR, Hetmyer continues to go down swinging. Gets a harmless half-tracker from Saifuddin and it's been launched over mid-wicket with a stand-and-deliver pull shot
32.6
Shakib to Hetmyer, 1 run, quicker one more, not much room on offer and it's tucked behind square leg
32.5
Shakib to Hetmyer, FOUR, better from the young man. Flatter one on leg stump from Shakib and it's paddled with control, well wide of short fine leg and away to the fence. Smart batting and this is an area that Hetmyer needs to consistently better himself on
32.4
Shakib to Hetmyer, 2 runs, Hetmyer has made up his mind that he will go at everything straightaway. Not sure how this will pan out. Went after the slog sweep and skewed it aerially. The man in the deep was at the square leg fence and was never going to get to this as it falls short
32.3
Shakib to Hetmyer, no run, mild excitement as Hetmyer goes for a wild slog sweep and misses. Brushed his pad en route to short fine leg
32.2
Shakib to Pooran, out Caught by Soumya Sarkar!! Shakib the man again for Bangladesh! Twice he has managed to break a partnership and to be honest, both were poor shots as well. Pooran was looking good in his little counter-attack but he could have played the field a bit here. With a long-on in place, it's not always wise to go in that zone for a biggie, especially against a clever operator like Shakib. Pooran does precisely that and gets more height than distance on the shot. Dolly for Sarkar wkt (3-159) min (29m). Pooran c Soumya Sarkar b Shakib 25(30) [4s-2 6s-1]
32.1
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, not really in control but Hope gets the placement right and this is well short of long-off eventually. Stepped out for the loft and didn't middle it as well as he would have liked
31.6
Saifuddin to Pooran, no run, another play and miss. Saifuddin is teasing 'em up with full and wide deliveries, Pooran is just not been able to connect with the drive, he goes for power over timing and makes no contact
31.5
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, finger roller that has been nurdled backward of square leg, for a single
31.4
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, nails it in the blockhole and Hope can only jam it out to mid-wicket
31.3
Saifuddin to Pooran, 1 run, short and outside off, Pooran cracks the cut straight to backward point, Mehidy got his body behind the ball and made the half stop which only allowed the duo to get a single
31.2
Saifuddin to Pooran, no run, slower delivery and Pooran drives on the rise to mid-off, now Hope is sent back rightly. There was a direct hit but the right hander had made it back in
31.1
Saifuddin to Pooran, no run, fuller and angled outside off, Pooran flashes a drive and is beaten on the outside edge
30.6
Shakib to Shai Hope, no run, drifting in with the arm, Hope inside halves the forward block back to Shakib
30.5
Shakib to Pooran, 1 run, nudges it wide of long-on and calls for two as soon as he plays it, Pooran even was halfway down when Hope sent him back, the throw was not close to the stumps and he managed to get back in
30.4
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, fraction short and around off, Hope gets on top of the bounce and punches to sweeper cover
30.3
Shakib to Pooran, 1 run, missed out there. Fired down leg and Pooran swivels to help it along the way, but the ball hits Rahim's pad and deflects to short fine leg. There was a boundary for the taking
30.2
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, makes a bit of room and punches the quicker delivery down to long-off
30.1
Shakib to Pooran, 1 run, flatter and around off, Pooran punches it to the left of Shakib who lets it escape
29.6
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, 1 run, softly drops it to the left of the bowler and looks up at Hope, there is a bit of hesitation but once they go full tilt there is not much Mehidy can do to stop the single
29.5
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, no run, drifts in from outside off, Pooran blocks it into the off-side
29.4
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, no run, fuller and around off, Pooran drives it towards extra cover, where Shakib makes a one-handed save and makes sure that the batsmen don't cross over
29.3
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, no run, very full and close to yorker length, Pooran jams it down near his feet
29.2
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, SIX, Mosaddek can only watch this sail over him. Pooran is looking to shift gears. Sees a bit of air on this delivery and goes downtown over long-off, he struck it so powerfully that he's left a hole in the tail. Need a replacement!
29.1
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, 2 runs, Bangladesh have been very good in the field today. Pooran lofts the flighted delivery right back over Mehidy but Mossadek stops the boundary running across from long-off with his footy skills
28.6
Shakib to Shai Hope, no run, arm ball which is loaded up with flight, Hope crouches low and drives straight to cover
28.5
Shakib to Pooran, 1 run, dips in front of the batsman and Pooran manages to drive it to long-on
28.4
Shakib to Pooran, no run, plants his front foot across and sweeps it straight to backward square leg
28.3
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, sliding on with the angle, Hope drives into out and along the ground to long-off
28.2
Shakib to Shai Hope, no run, drifts in with the arm, Hope stays leg-side and punches it to cover
28.1
Shakib to Pooran, 1 run, two men inside the ring backward of square leg and Pooran still plays the sweep, hits it wide of short fine
27.6
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, 1 run, lands it fuller and outside off, Pooran drives it to sweeper cover
27.5
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, no run, slower and around off, Pooran plunges forward and blocks
27.4
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, FOUR, that is a fine shot. Not a bad delivery by any stretch. There was a hint of width and Pooran was quick to cash in, he strides forward and opens the bat face as he drives it square on the off-side, no chance for the sweeper in the deep
27.4
Mehidy Hasan to Pooran, wide, darted down leg and Pooran fails to meet with the glance, wide called
27.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, fifty for Hope. He loves playing against Bangladesh. Ian Bishop on air informs that he currently averages over a 100 against them. But West Indies will need him to bat deep and allow the power hitters to bat around him. He gets to the landmark with a gentle push past the cover fielder
27.2
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 2 runs, uses his feet and gets to the pitch of the ball, drives it past his partner and picks up a brace. Another decent bit of work from Saifuddin near the boundary rope
27.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, no run, gently teased up around off, Hope is unsure whethere to come forward or hang back, in the end manages to stab it from the crease
26.6
Shakib to Pooran, no run, oh he's missed out there, drifting into the pads and Pooran falls over playing the flick, the ball raps him on the pad and there is a muted appeal from Rahim. But it was clearly going down leg
26.5
Shakib to Pooran, no run, not giving any room for Pooran, attacking the stumps and the southpaw has to be content with a knock back
26.4
Shakib to Pooran, no run, again prefers to use the depth of the crease to work it into the leg-side
26.3
Shakib to Pooran, no run, flighted on the stumps, Pooran goes back to defend this time
26.2
Shakib to Pooran, no run, tossed up on off, Pooran crouches low and turns it to mid-wicket
26.1
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, floated up outside off, Hope drives it crisply to sweeper cover
25.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, not all that short and hence Hope mistimes the pull to mid-wicket
25.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, quicker on middle and leg, Hope pushes it straight to mid-wicket
25.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Pooran, 1 run, flatter and around off, Pooran knocks it away past cover
25.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Pooran, FOUR, Pooran will play his naturally aggressive game. This is a fraction short and Pooran is quick to pounce on it, quickly rocks back and cuts it behind point - splitting the two fielders to perfection
25.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, too straight - on middle and leg, Hope nurdles it round the corner - to square leg
25.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, flighted outside off, Hope drives it towards cover where a tumbling stop is made
24.6
Shakib to Pooran, no run, slower and hint of turn in, Pooran gently pats it into the leg-side
24.5
Shakib to Pooran, no run, floated up outside off, Pooran plunges forward and defends to cover
24.4
Shakib to Pooran, no run, tossed up outside off, Pooran goes for an expansive drive first up and is beaten. He played for the turn and there wasn't any of, even Rahim failed to glove it
24.3
Shakib to Lewis, out Caught by (sub)Sabbir Rahman!! Gone! Shakib is such a smart operator and it was just a matter of time before he got the better of Lewis. He knew that Lewis was coming after him and also the hitting range would be from long-on to deep mid-wicket, so he drifted it full and outside off, Lewis looks to loft it over long-off but does not get enough elevation to clear the field. Sabbir is well inside the rope as he takes a simple catch wkt (2-122) min (105m). Lewis c (sub)Sabbir Rahman b Shakib 70(67) [4s-6 6s-2]
24.2
Shakib to Lewis, 2 runs, quicker and skidding on, Lewis plays it with soft hands into vast vacant spaces on the leg-side, the duo race back for the second. This is good smart batting from Lewis
24.1
Shakib to Lewis, SIX, that is 14 runs off 3 balls for Lewis against Shakib. He's taken a liking to him. Bends down on his knee to get underneath the flighted delivery and slogs sweeps it over deep mid-wicket
23.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Lewis, 1 run, another single down the ground as Lewis stays back and punches to long-off
23.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, flatter in trajectory and Hope knocks it down to long-on
23.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Lewis, 1 run, fired full and outside off, Lewis squeezes the drive to sweeper cover
23.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, waits for the ball to drift in and wrists it away to long-on
23.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Lewis, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Lewis eases it by coming forward to long-off
23.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, too full and Hope drives it back to Mosaddek, who parries it to long-on
22.6
Shakib to Lewis, FOUR, consecutive boundaries. Will Lewis step on the accelerator? Sees the width outside off and throws his bat on the cut shot, hits it uppishly but well wide of the backward point fielder
22.5
Shakib to Lewis, FOUR, oh! That was very close to comfort. Lewis picked a very full delivery to sweep and he just managed to get some under-edge on that, runs away fine past Rahim and into the boundary rope
22.4
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, tosses it up outside off, Hope drives it neatly down to long-off
22.3
Shakib to Lewis, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Lewis gets inside the line and punches to long-on
22.2
Shakib to Shai Hope, 3 runs, superb acrobatic save from Saifuddin. Flighted outside off, Hope opens the bat face and slices the drive through backward point, Saifuddin had to cover a lot of ground and then dives full length to flick the ball in play, the short third man fielder then fires a throw to Rahim who relays it back to Shakib, a direct hit might have had Hope struggling
22.1
Shakib to Lewis, 1 run, fifty for Lewis. A much needed one for him and the West Indies. Hope runs up for a quick handshake. There a few West Indies supporters and Lewis raises his bat to acknowledge their applause. He reaches the landmark with a knock down to long-off
21.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Lewis, 1 run, drifts in with the arm, Lewis inside halves the block to backward square leg
21.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, low dipping full toss, Hope drives it along the ground to long-on
21.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Lewis, 1 run, slidding on from round the wicket, Lewis eases it off the back foot to long-on
21.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, touch fuller than Mosaddek would have liked and Hope is able to wrist it away to long-on
21.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, keeps it close to off-stump, Hope whips the punch back to Mosaddek
21.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, attacking the stumps, Hope knocks it with a straight bat to mid-wicket
20.6
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Hope cracks the cut to sweeper cover
20.5
Shakib to Shai Hope, no run, drifts in with the arm, Hope prods forward and turns it in front of mid-wicket
20.4
Shakib to Lewis, 1 run, on middle and leg, Lewis nudges it into the leg-side and wants two, but Hope sends him back
20.3
Shakib to Lewis, no run, straying down leg and Lewis misses out on a scoring opportunity, helps it straight to short fine
20.2
Shakib to Shai Hope, 1 run, bit sloppy. Flighted up outside off and Hope obliges with the drive, hits it to the straighter of the two cover fielders and Liton allows it to escape past him, just a single though
20.1
Shakib to Lewis, 1 run, starts from round the wicket and is too straight in line, clipped away to deep mid-wicket
19.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, pushed it through, Hope can only punch it back to the bowler
19.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Lewis, 1 run, drags it halfway down and Lewis slaps it powerfully to sweeper cover
19.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, fraction short and Hope is back in the crease to ease it to sweeper cover
19.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, quicker and around off, Hope knocks it towards cover
19.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 2 runs, brilliant bit of work from Mahmudullah. Hope creams the drive wide of long-off and thought he had a boundary for the taking, but Mahmudullah ran to his left and put in the dive to save a couple
19.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, flatter and around off, Hope punches it back to Mosaddek
18.6
Mustafizur to Lewis, FOUR, streaky! But Lewis won't mind that. A sharp short delivery but it was slanting down leg, Lewis stayed inside the line and pulled off the top-edge to fine leg
18.5
Mustafizur to Lewis, no run, good length ball aimed for the top of off-stump, Lewis blocks it down the wicket
18.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, short of length outside off, Hope gets on top of the bounce and punches square on the off-side
18.3
Mustafizur to Lewis, 1 run, spears it on the pads and Lewis's flick it close to short fine, where the fielder dives and stops
18.2
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Hope leans into the drive and creams it to deep extra cover
18.1
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, 138kph back of a length delivery that zips across the turf and has Hope hopping in the crease, he is beaten by the inward angle and is struck on the back thigh
17.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, 1 run, lands it full and draws the batsman forward, Hope drives to long-off
17.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, fraction short and even the pull is struck to a fielder - to backward square leg
17.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, attacks the stumps and Hope can't get it past the fielder at mid-wicket
17.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, uses the depth of the crease and punches the flattish delivery to cover
17.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, very full delivery and Hope squeezes it back to Mosaddek
17.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Shai Hope, no run, drifting in on middle, Hope turns it to mid-wicket
16.6
Mustafizur to Lewis, no run, back of a length around off, Lewis is right behind the line to defend to cover
16.5
Mustafizur to Lewis, no run, on a length around off, Lewis stays back and bunts it in front of point
16.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, shortens the length and Hope rides the bounce to punch it square on the off-side
16.3
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, comes in with the angle and Hope flicks it straight to mid-wicket. Either side of Mehidy would have fetched him some runs
16.2
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, good length ball around off, Hope presses forward and defends to point
16.1
Mustafizur to Lewis, 1 run, full and outside off, Lewis drills the drive hard and straight to sweeper cover
15.6
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, FOUR, nothing wrong with the delivery but players like Shai Hope find ways smash boundaries of a good delivery. On a good length and a hint of turn outside off, Hope's very quick on the back foot and he timed the punch to perfection through covers
15.5
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, no run, slower on middle, tucked to square leg
15.4
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, 1 run, short and skids down leg, Lewis swivels and mistimes the pull to the left of short fine
15.3
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, no run, full outside off, driven to cover
15.2
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, 2 runs, faster and fuller outside off, easy peasy for Lewis who places the drive all along the carpet through extra cover
15.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, camps back, tucks the ball to the right of mid-wicket and scampers across for a quick single
14.6
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, 137ks fuller and wider, Hope frees his arms and places the drive between sweeper and deep backward point
14.5
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, 138ks full around off, Hope drops the ball dead on the off-side with a firm late block
14.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 2 runs, full and zoning in on off, Hope gets inside the line and flicks it through mid-wicket
14.3
Mustafizur to Lewis, leg byes, 1 run, tries to flick and misses, runs away into the short fine region off the flap of the pad
14.3
Mustafizur to Lewis, wide, bumper, but its way too high and thefore, deemed as a wide
14.2
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, and now bowls a full one outside off, Hope leans into the drive and hits it square on the off-side
14.1
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, no run, this one skids off the pitch from a good length and shaves the inside edge Hope looks to block. The round the wicket angle clearly causing some hurry
13.6
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, 2 runs, appeal for leg before and Mortaza doesn't get the ample encouragement to go for the review. Tossed up, dips around leg stump and may have grazed the inside edge while Lewis looked to sweep, it trickled away quickly towards fine leg and Mortaza had a long, hard chat with his bowler during the meantime
13.5
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, no run, 85ks fuller outside off, Lewis lunges forward and pushes into the off-side
13.4
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, lets the ball spin in and then nudges it wide of square leg
13.3
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, 1 run, flat and short outside off, Lewis hangs back and punches through cover
13.2
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, no run, nearly cuts this from off-stump and slices it to the right of backward point
13.1
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, goes deep inside the crease, lets the ball do its bit and tucks it through square leg
12.6
Mortaza to Shai Hope, 1 run, glided down to fine third man
12.5
Mortaza to Lewis, 1 run, 127ks good length on off, Lewis punches firmly wide of mid-off. Almost a checked shot, but he'll manage a single
12.4
Mortaza to Lewis, FOUR, short and what about the pace? 126ks sits up nicely for Lewis to rock back and maul it over mid-wicket for a one-bounce boundary
12.3
Mortaza to Shai Hope, leg byes, 1 run, misses the nip-backer, flicks the thigh pad and rolls away to the leg-side
12.2
Mortaza to Lewis, 1 run, opens the bat face and pings the drive square towards deep point
12.1
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, fullish and closing in on off, Lewis gets across and drives gently into the off-side
11.6
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, no run, airs it up just outside off, Hope prods forward and nudges into the leg-side
11.5
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, no run, loopy outside off, driven to cover
11.4
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, 1 run, flighted full outside off, Lewis opens the bat face and pushes the drive wide of cover
11.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, full and dipping at 85ks outside off, Hope goes hard on the drive and drags it off the toe-end to long-on
11.2
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, 1 run, short and angling in with the arm outside off, Lewis goes back and cuts to the left of cover. Another misfield and they'll nab a quick single
11.1
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, no run, full and attacking the stumps, Lewis brings his bat in front of pad to block
10.6
Mortaza to Lewis, 1 run, pushes the ball to the left of cover where a misfield allows the single
10.5
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, good length around off, blocked into the covers
10.4
Mortaza to Lewis, leg byes, 2 runs, shortens his length and angles it into the stumps, Lewis looks for a one-legged pull and misses; they sneak a couple of extras with some excellent running between the wickets. Too high for an appeal
10.3
Mortaza to Lewis, SIX, he's been itching to get going for a while now. Gets a half-volley outside off and Lewis dispatches it over wide long-off with a clean swing of the willow
10.2
Mortaza to Shai Hope, 1 run, gets on top of this back of a length delivery and punches crisply along the ground square on the off-side
10.1
Mortaza to Shai Hope, no run, 128ks hint of inward movement on this good length delivery, Hope tries to drive and gets a thick inside edge onto his pad
9.6
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, no run, similar pace, keeps it on a good length around off, Lewis pushes the drive to Shakib at cover
9.5
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, 1 run, flights it full on off, Hope presses forward and drives to long-on
9.4
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, no run, drifting in around off, Hope goes back and blocks solidly
9.3
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, no run, 85ks straight on off-stump, forward and blocked
9.2
Mehidy Hasan to Shai Hope, no run, touch flatter around middle and leg, pushed back to the bowler
9.1
Mehidy Hasan to Lewis, 1 run, very full outside off, Lewis drills it to the right of Shakib at cover. A half-stop and they'll pinch a quick single
8.6
Mortaza to Shai Hope, no run, 122ks back of a length on the stumps, Hope drops the ball with soft hands into the off-side
8.5
Mortaza to Shai Hope, no run, 127ks closer to off, Hope taps the ball on its head and drops it straight in front of point
8.4
Mortaza to Shai Hope, no run, 129ks good length on and around off, a tentative push down the ground
8.3
Mortaza to Lewis, 1 run, walks across, drops the ball in front of mid-wicket and calls his partner through for a quick single
8.2
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, 129ks fullish outside off from round the wicket, Lewis goes hard on the drive and toe-ends it to mid-off
8.1
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, 126ks sliding into the pads, Lewis hops and tucks it to the man at 45
7.6
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, FOUR, pure class from Shai Hope! 137ks touch of width outside off and he lays into it with a picturesque punch off the back foot through covers
7.5
Mustafizur to Lewis, 1 run, too full and dipping at the toes, 133ks, Lewis falls over slightly, but manages to time the flick past backward square for a single
7.4
Mustafizur to Shai Hope, 1 run, 135ks short of length outside off, Hope steers a single down to third man
7.3
Mustafizur to Lewis, 1 run, 131ks too straight yet again, Lewis pats to the left of the bowler, easy single
7.2
Mustafizur to Lewis, no run, 131ks targetting the pads, Lewis flicks and finds mid-wicket this time
7.2
Mustafizur to Lewis, wide, gets carried away and bowls it far down the leg-side, wided
7.1
Mustafizur to Lewis, no run, full and sliding into the pads at 129ks, Lewis clips it straight to backward square
6.6
Mortaza to Lewis, 1 run, 125ks drifting into the pads, Lewis goes back and works it in the gap between mid-on and mid-wicket
6.5
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, 126ks slightly fuller outside off, Lewis checks his drive in front of cover
6.4
Mortaza to Shai Hope, 1 run, 124ks, ideal length for Hope to guide a single down to third man
6.3
Mortaza to Shai Hope, no run, 129ks short of length outside off, Hope opens the bat face and guides it to slip
6.2
Mortaza to Lewis, 1 run, 126ks honing in around middle and leg, flicked away to the left of deep square
6.1
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, 126ks back of a length outside off, punched to mid-off
5.6
Saifuddin to Lewis, 1 run, edged and falls short! Lewis got the adrenaline going after that cut shot and he jumped back to play a punch outside off, thick edge and it flicks lone slip's fingers en route to third man
5.5
Saifuddin to Lewis, FOUR, plenty of width at 128ks and Lewis cashes in. Jumps back and flays it through point with a dash of arrogance
5.4
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, 1 run, gets inside the line of the length delivery and tucks it through square leg
5.3
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, 128ks nip-backer on the stumps, Hope looks to play it to the leg-side but decides against it at the last minute and plays with a firm straight bat
5.2
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, FOUR, the length was short and Hope was quick to spot it. 130ks outside off, Hope doesn't swivel much, just keeps his shape and muscles the pull into the gap through mid-wicket
5.1
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, full and inviting the drive, Hope obliges and plays with a straight bat in front of mid-off
4.6
Mortaza to Shai Hope, leg byes, 1 run, 123ks drifting into the pads and beats Hope's inside edge on the flick. Hit high on the thigh pad and it rolls away fine past the keeper
4.5
Mortaza to Shai Hope, no run, 128ks back of a length on the stumps, Hope taps with soft hands into the leg-side
4.4
Mortaza to Lewis, 1 run, 128ks fullish and curving in towards off, Lewis plants his front foot across and pins the drive wide of mid-off
4.3
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, 126ks on a length outside off, Lewis punches on the up but can't pierce the gap on the off-side
4.2
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, swinging into the pads at 128ks, Lewis' head falls slightly trying to flick, but he manages to drop it away on the leg-side
4.1
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, full and swinging away outside off, Lewis leans on the drive and slots it straight to the fielder at cover
3.6
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, good length on off, blocked and that's a wicket-maiden from Mohammad Saifuddin
3.5
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, too full around off-stump, Hope goes hard on the drive and slices it off the bottom half to mid-off
3.4
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, swerving away outside off from a good length, Hope shoulders arms
3.3
Saifuddin to Shai Hope, no run, full delivery outside off, Hope advances and pushes the drive to mid-off
3.2
Saifuddin to Gayle, out Caught by Rahim!! Never looked set and off he goes. The Universe Boss has been dismissed for a nought. A hint of away movement off the seam and Gayle's caught poking with hard hands, the edge flies low to Rahim and he takes a fine catch diving to his left. Very tentative from Gayle, tried to be too cautious and that clearly didn't work wkt (1-6) min (17m). Gayle c Rahim b Saifuddin 0(13)
3.1
Saifuddin to Gayle, no run, 126ks full and swinging in towards off, Gayle drives with a closed bat face to the left of mid-on
2.6
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, 126ks short and wide, Lewis had to delay his cut...hops and goes hard on the shot, ends up chopping it into the covers
2.5
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, 129ks tightens it outside off, Lewis plays the push-drive in front of cover
2.4
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, fullish outside off, Lewis gets forward and across to block that into the off-side
2.3
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, another scramble seam delivery, hurls it into the left-hander from the round the wicket angle and nearly got Lewis out there. Went hard on the drive and got a thick inside edge onto pad. A smidgen late and that would have crashed into off
2.2
Mortaza to Lewis, FOUR, stand-and-deliver! Easy as you like. More solid from Lewis, waits for the ball to arrive and punches it on the up past the diving right hand of cover. P-l-a-c-e-d
2.1
Mortaza to Lewis, no run, scramble seam 126ks swinging across the left-hander, draws Lewis forward and beats him on the outside edge
1.6
Saifuddin to Gayle, no run, slightly fuller than the good length and not demanding any stroke from the Universe Boss
1.5
Saifuddin to Gayle, no run, Chris Gayle was in two minds there. Saw the width and almost unleashed...only for some late swing in to curtail his instincts
1.4
Saifuddin to Gayle, no run, 128ks full and seeking the base of middle and leg, Gayle watches it all along and drives it back down the pitch
1.3
Saifuddin to Gayle, no run, 125ks back of a length on the stumps, Gayle stays still and polishes it away off his pads
1.2
Saifuddin to Gayle, no run, on a good length and angling in towards leg stump, Gayle gets across and nudges to the leg-side with soft hands
1.2
Saifuddin to Gayle, wide, full and swinging down the leg-side, would have been an ideal delivery to the right-hander. Wasn't to be
1.1
Saifuddin to Lewis, 1 run, 126ks fullish and around off, Lewis pushes it gently to the right of Mortaza at cover. Easy single and Windies are off the mark
0.6
Mortaza to Gayle, no run, keeps Gayle honest with another testing delivery outside off, tries to fiddle but past the edge
0.5
Mortaza to Gayle, no run, pitches it full but there's no pace and no movement either, Gayle happy to let it go
0.4
Mortaza to Gayle, no run, continues to dish short(ish) deliveries outside off, Gayle gets across and chops it off the under edge through to the keeper
0.3
Mortaza to Gayle, no run, sets himself on the back foot now and punches it to the right of cover
0.2
Mortaza to Gayle, no run, this one has more intent, clearly. Pounds it on back of a length and gets it to wobble away around fifth stump to leave a tentative Gayle poking off the back foot
0.1
Mortaza to Gayle, no run, gentle 128ks length delivery swinging away outside off, Gayle lets it pass
Commentary
Mashrafe Mortaza (c),Rahim,Shakib,Tamim, Mahmudullah,Soumya Sarkar,Liton Das, Mosaddek Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Mehidy Hasan, Mohammad Saifuddin
Gayle,Darren Bravo,A Russell, Shannon Gabriel,Holder,Lewis, Sheldon Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas