48.6
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, FOUR, clears his front leg, stands still and dispatches this straight back over the bowler's head. 15 from the final over and this should give South Africa some momentum
48.5
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, SIX, gets pace this time and VDD belts it for a 92-metre six over wide long-on. 143ks short ball outside off and he's got all of it
48.4
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, no run, crouches and tries to go over long-on with a fierce bat swing. No pace. No dice.
48.3
Ferguson to Chris Morris, 1 run, looks to go hard once again, Ferguson cuts off all the pace and Morris' slog could only travel as far as long-off
48.2
Ferguson to Chris Morris, no run, runs down the pitch and fails to catch up with the 142ks bumper on the stumps
48.1
Ferguson to Chris Morris, FOUR, South Africa will take that with both hands. Morris clears his front leg and stays deep inside the crease, throws the kitchen sink at a short ball and off she flies over the keeper
47.6
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, no run, beats him again with a slower full yorker outside off, nothing much VDD could have done about it
47.5
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, no run, reveals his cards way too early by shuffling down the pitch, Matt Henry saw all that and bowled a slower ball wide of his reach. Smart cricket
47.4
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, no run, slower full ball wide of off, VDD looks to fetch it with a slog but lack of pace means it takes the outside edge and dies down well in front of the keeper
47.3
Matt Henry to Chris Morris, 1 run, rushes Morris for pace with a length ball, a flat-batted hoick towards wide long-on
47.2
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, 1 run, dropped! Pulls the short ball and he's dragged this off the lower part of the bat, Lockie runs in and puts in the dive at fine leg. Straight in and straight out
47.1
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, SIX, he targets the short boundary and collects the desired result. A gentle length ball outside off, VDD heaves and loses shape in the process, the ball though keeps flying and crashes flat into the boundary hoardings
46.6
Ferguson to Chris Morris, no run, 125ks fullish length delivery outside off, Morris inside-edges the drive back to the bowler, looks to steal a quick single but has been sent back
46.5
Ferguson to Chris Morris, no run, 144ks in line with the stumps, an ungainly slog from Morris, only connects with thin air
46.4
Ferguson to Chris Morris, no run, zippy 145ks cracker around fourth stump, Morris had no clue. Just fiddles his bat and is beaten on the outside edge
46.3
Ferguson to Phehlukwayo, out Caught by Williamson!! He's struggled to put bat to ball and the ordeal ends. Smashes the low full toss straight to KW at mid-off. The Kiwi skipper had to backtrack and times his jump to perfection to take it in front of his eyes wkt (6-218) min (12m). Phehlukwayo c Williamson b Ferguson 0(5)
46.2
Ferguson to Phehlukwayo, no run, slower ball on the stumps, Phehlukwayo clears his front leg and misses the swat by a country mile. Wasn't far from clipping the bails
46.2
Ferguson to Phehlukwayo, wide, pacy bumper, but the line's slightly down leg and has been wided
46.1
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slower short ball at the stumps - 121ks - VDD pulls wide of square leg to bring up his second World Cup fifty
45.6
Boult to Phehlukwayo, no run, makes room and looks to open up the off-side, but Boult ups his pace and sends in a full yorker past the leg peg
45.5
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 136ks full outside off, VDD goes straight again and the long-off fielder had this covered
45.4
Boult to Vander Dussen, FOUR, no signs of pain on this, clearly! Gets a full pitcher in the arc, VDD stays firm and unveils the bottom hand power to bash it straight past the non-striker
45.3
Boult to Vander Dussen, no run, 130ks, tries to pull the bumper but instead inside edges it onto his helmet grille off the thumb. Ouch! That must have hurt and the South African physio rushes in quickly with the magic spray
45.2
Boult to Phehlukwayo, leg byes, 1 run, 137ks yorker on leg-stump, Phehlukwayo misses the flick and it runs away to fine leg off the boot
45.1
Boult to Phehlukwayo, no run, 136ks fifth stump classic Test match channels, a swing and a miss for Phehlukwayo
44.6
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, 125ks length delivery on middle and leg, VDD drags it wide of fine leg
44.5
Ferguson to Miller, out Caught by Boult!! Gets him with a short ball. 143ks well wide of off-stump, made Miller fetch it off his toes and the sliced upper cut lands in the safe mitts of Trent Boult at third man. Just had to cover a few yards to his left which he did with supreme ease wkt (5-205) min (55m). Miller c Boult b Ferguson 36(37) [4s-2 6s-1]
44.4
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, 1 run, fullish outside off at 128ks, VDD opens the face and dabs it past the diving left hand of backward point
44.3
Ferguson to Miller, 1 run, slower full ball just outside off - at 122ks - Miller drives it wide of cover
44.2
Ferguson to Miller, FOUR, gets too full and slips it on Miller's pads, flicked away and Ferguson's pace takes care of the rest
44.1
Ferguson to Miller, FOUR, N-A-I-L-E-D! Short ball, 132ks begging to be battered outside off stump, Miller obliges and thrashes it to the deep square fence
43.6
Boult to Miller, 1 run, pulled away to deep backward square
43.5
Boult to Miller, SIX, right where Miller likes it. Full and moving in, Miller hammers it for a 84-metre maximum over mid-wicket. Easy as you like
43.4
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, pushes the slower ball in front of cover and nabs a quick single
43.3
Boult to Miller, 1 run, drills this to mid-wicket and runs for a non-existent single. Santner picks up the ball but fails to score a direct hit at the bowling end, had that hit Miller would have been on his bike
43.2
Boult to Miller, no run, smashes this to Kane Williamson at extra cover and there is a bit of confusion for the single. A yes-no, yes-no and VDD had to put in a desperate dive in the end. Williamson hurls the ball to Boult but by the time the bails came off, VDD was home. A direct hit could have been interesting
43.1
Boult to Miller, 2 runs, 131ks low full toss on the pads - Boult clearly didn't intend to bowl there, but Miller takes whatever advantage he can through a well-timed flick wide of deep mid-wicket
42.6
Matt Henry to Miller, 1 run, slower back of a length delivery outside off - 128ks - Miller spanks it to the right of extra cover and rushes through for a quick single
42.5
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 127ks short and wide of off, VDD drags the pull from there and hits it to the left of deep mid-wicket
42.4
Matt Henry to Miller, 1 run, floaty full delivery outside off, Miller drives it straight of long-off
42.3
Matt Henry to Miller, no run, 132ks slanting away outside off, Miller might have expected the slower ball and played it (the pull) a day late. No dice
42.2
Matt Henry to Miller, no run, pace off yet again, gets this to rise outside off and Miller can't time his cut/drive. Back to the bowler
42.1
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slower length ball - 120ks - at the hip, VDD restrains his swivel and plays a half-pull backwards of square leg
41.6
Santner to Vander Dussen, 1 run, drags the length back and gives width outside off, a toe-ended slap to deep cover
41.5
Santner to Miller, 1 run, quicker on off-stump, Miller strides forward and drives to long-off
41.4
Santner to Miller, no run, sees Miller come down the pitch and fires it around his pads, a forced drive back to the bowler
41.3
Santner to Vander Dussen, 1 run, nudged round the corner
41.2
Santner to Vander Dussen, SIX, this bloke is right up there with the best when it comes to playing well against the spinners and this is why. Gets a rare juicy toss up from Santner and the next thing he does is to smoke the ball into the long-on stands. Nailed!
41.1
Santner to Miller, 1 run, fast and full on leg-stump, easy put away for Miller who flicks this to deep square
40.6
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, no run, lifter outside off stump, VDD swivels but reveals no intentions of going after that. Left
40.5
Matt Henry to Miller, 1 run, 128ks, fullish outside off, Miller opens the bat face and hits the drive along the ground through extra cover
40.4
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, 1 run, full outside off, driven wide of mid-off
40.3
Matt Henry to Miller, leg byes, 1 run, deceives him with a slower ball bumper outside off, Miller's early on the swivell and thus, misses the pull completely and gets clonked around the shoulder
40.2
Matt Henry to Miller, no run, takes the pace off and slants it away from the left-hander - at 123ks - Miller fails to pick the variation and therefore, can't put bat to ball
40.1
Matt Henry to Vander Dussen, 1 run, short of length on middle and leg, tucked away backwards of square leg for a single
39.6
Santner to Vander Dussen, 1 run, fast and flung with the arm, punched wide of long-off
39.5
Santner to Miller, 1 run, too full outside off, driven down to the left of long-on
39.4
Santner to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slower and spinning away, allows VDD to lean back and force it through cover
39.3
Santner to Vander Dussen, no run, slider on leg-stump, VDD's late on the flick and he wears this high on the pad
39.2
Santner to Vander Dussen, no run, loopy and at the stumps, driven back to the bowler
39.1
Santner to Vander Dussen, no run, slightly quicker and roundarm from Santner, VDD hurries himself into a drive and hits it straight to cover
38.6
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 134ks length delivery outside off, punched away to deep cover and VDD will retain strike
38.5
Boult to Miller, 1 run, pushed away into the covers
38.4
Boult to Miller, 2 runs, 133ks full and swerving towards the base of middle and leg, a near yorker. Miller somehow manages to get some bat on the flick and goes past 3000 runs in ODI cricket
38.3
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 132ks good length and aiming for the top of off, VDD gets on his tippy toes and punches along the ground through cover
38.2
Boult to Vander Dussen, no run, 116ks length delivery just outside off, VDD tries to glide it down to third man but can't get it past the ring
38.1
Boult to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, pitches this up at 134ks, allowing VDD to crunch the drive through extra cover, Munro puts in a splendid dive in the deep to restrict it to a couple
37.6
Ferguson to Miller, no run, spears in a 142ks yorker on the stumps, nothing Miller could do about it, but just squeeze it into the leg-side
37.6
Ferguson to Miller, wide, sdh 146ks length ball and would have been ideal to a right-hander, wasn't to be
37.5
Ferguson to Miller, no run, delivered from wide of the crease yet again. 146ks dug in short at the batsman, Miller arrests his forward momentum and fends it down the pitch
37.4
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, 1 run, goes wide of the crease and bowls a slower full ball - 126ks - on off, VDD pushes it firmly wide of cover
37.3
Ferguson to Miller, 1 run, hops across and tucks the ball towards short fine. Quick single
37.2
Ferguson to Miller, no run, 146ks slightly uneven bounce outside off, turns Miller into a 'V' and clonks him around the shoulder
37.1
Ferguson to Miller, no run, 143ks full around middle and leg, Miller tries to flick it away on the leg-side but the pace catches the leading edge and drops short of the man at cover
36.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Miller, 1 run, slower ball on off-stump, Miller pushes the drive to the left of mid-off
36.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slightly short on the stumps, VDD pulls and manages to get it past square leg
36.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, no run, looks for a glide down to third man, can't get it past the point region
36.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Miller, 1 run, full on the stumps, flicked away square on top-edge off-side
36.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 1 run, worked away through square leg for an easy single
36.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Miller, 3 runs, sweet from Miller! Doesn't try to overhit this. Holds his shape and plays the loft from the crease, no-one at long-on and he'll get three before mid-on (Boult) retrieves it
35.6
Ferguson to Miller, leg byes, 1 run, pacy bumper, 145ks. Miller tries to fend but the ball fizzes quickly and flicks his biceps en route to third man
35.5
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, 1 run, bowls this short and wide at 143ks, VDD yet again struggles to time (due to the dampness of the pitch reckons my colleague Akshay) and all he can manage is a toe-end to extra cover. A direct hit at the bowling end would have made things interesting, wasn't to be
35.4
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, no run, looks to bowl a yorker and instead slips a 143ks low full toss around off, a half-prepared VDD pushes the drive towards mid-on
35.3
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, no run, 140ks short of length outside off, VDD hangs back and guides it off the toe-end towards short third
35.2
Ferguson to Miller, 1 run, 145ks full on leg-stump, easy peasy for Miller who sends it down to deep square with a crisp flick
35.1
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, 1 run, another and it might have crashed into the stumps, not to be. VDD flashes at at 137ks delivery outside off and the extra zip on the delivery helps it to hoop back and skim past the off pole
34.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 1 run, another slower ball, VDD gets behind, polishes off gently into the leg-side for an easy single
34.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, no run, wobbly inswinger on the pads, tad too full and that's beaten VDD on the inside edge. Sliding down comfortably
34.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, no run, slower delivery around off, VDD stays back and blocks firmly into the off-side
34.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, 122ks a dolly on the pads, VDD works it through mid-wicket and big boundaries on the leg-side mean he can only buy a couple of runs
34.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, no run, short of length outside off, chopped away into the off-side
34.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, and he nearly produces another...pitched up outside off stump, VDD advances and lifts the drive over a backtracking mid-off
33.6
Boult to Miller, no run, 139ks, skids off the pitch and knocks Miller high on the pad as he gets beaten on the inside edge (on the flick)
33.5
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 135ks full and closing in on middle and leg, flicked away wide of mid-wicket
33.4
Boult to Miller, 1 run, 131ks, hint of width outside off and Miller uses all of it to run it past the diving right hand of backward point
33.3
Boult to Miller, no run, 135ks full inswinger around middle and leg, Miller's back leg doesn't move much, but he does well to get across and post the drive to mid-on
33.2
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, once again tries to go hard, fetches the length ball from outside off and swats it off the inner half wide of mid-on
33.1
Boult to Vander Dussen, no run, 137ks full and angling away outside off, VDD tries to drive and slices it off the outer half towards backward point
32.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Miller, no run, pitched up outside off, Miller drives sans timing to mid-off
32.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Miller, no run, fuller and around off, Miller defends it with a straight bat to mid-on
32.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Vander Dussen drives to mid-off and sets off on a quick single
32.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, out Caught by Munro!! Colinde Grandhomme deserved this wicket. He has been economical and not given the batsmen anything. And this was also coming for Markram, who looked fidgety since the fall of Amla. He walks down the wicket and looks to go over mid-off, but the ball seams away enough to take the outer half of the blade and balloon towards sweeper cover. Munro runs forward and takes it comfortably wkt (4-136) min (74m). Markram c Munro b Colinde Grandhomme 38(55) [4s-4]
32.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, short and the ball refused to come at Colinde Grandhomme's pace, Markram toe-ends the pull to mid-on
32.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 1 run, on a length outside off, guided away to third man
31.6
Boult to Markram, no run, angled in from a length, Markram's drive is a thick inside edge to mid-wicket
31.6
Boult to Markram, wide, short delivery down the leg-side, Markram stands his ground and watches it sail past, wide called
31.5
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, another dipping slower delivery, Vander Dussen drives it gun-barrel straight, the ball ricochets off the stumps towards mid-off. If Boult had got a hand, Markram would have been in trouble
31.4
Boult to Vander Dussen, no run, change of pace, 114kph and Vander Dussen delays his stab to point
31.3
Boult to Markram, 1 run, this was overpitched and Markram went too hard, struck it straight to sweeper cover
31.2
Boult to Markram, FOUR, fabulous shot! Nothing much wrong with the delivery. It was full and outside off, Markram drives on the rise and times the pants off it, sweeper runs to his right and tries his best but the timing was just too good
31.1
Boult to Vander Dussen, 1 run, back of a length on off, Vander Dussen hops and steers to third man
30.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, back of a length around off, Markram punches it straight to cover
30.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, leg byes, 2 runs, sprays this down leg and Markram goes hard on the big heave, does't connect and the ball deflects off the thigh pad to fine leg. Boult tidies up and he gets a loud cheer for gathering the ball
30.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, nips back in from a length, Markram is caught on the shuffle and is beaten on the inside edge, the ball gets stuck in his back pad. Muted appeal for LBW but it was clearly high
30.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, 1 run, back of a length around off, punched square on the off-side
30.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Vander Dussen, no run, fuller and outside off, Vander Dussen drives uppishly and on the bounce to mid-off
30.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, 1 run, dropped! Boult puts down a sitter. Short and angling into the right hander, Markram heaves it to long leg and it went at a good height for Boult, who tries a jump and gets into a tangle allowing the ball to slip out. Not sure if the jump/hop was required as it came at hip height
29.6
Santner to Vander Dussen, no run, tossed up close to off, Vander Dussen presses forward and blocks to cover
29.5
Santner to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, darted down leg, Vander Dussen tickles it away fine, long chase for Ferguson and he gets there in time, saved two
29.4
Santner to Markram, 1 run, drifting in with the arm, Markram wrists the drive to long-on
29.3
Santner to Markram, FOUR, this time he manages to place it better. Santner once more throws it up invitingly outside off, Markram obliges and crunches the drive wide of extra cover. The man at sweeper had no chance
29.2
Santner to Markram, no run, floated up outside off, Markram drives hard and straight to extra cover
29.1
Santner to Vander Dussen, 1 run, flighted on middle and leg, Vander Dussen eases it between cover and point
28.6
Ferguson to Markram, no run, short and around chest height, Markram gets tall and fends it into the leg-side
28.5
Ferguson to Markram, no run, fuller and outside off, Markram drives off the meat and finds Santner at cover
28.4
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, 1 run, again pounded halfway down, Vander Dussen gets on top of the bounce and punches to sweeper cover
28.3
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, no run, short of length outside off, Vander Dussen punches it crisply to cover
28.2
Ferguson to Markram, 1 run, ouch! That is a quick short delivery - 147kph, Markram takes his eyes off the ball as he attempts the pull shot, the ball hits him flush on the glove and lobs towards the square leg umpire. Lucky that it didn't pop to any fielder
28.1
Ferguson to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, nips back in from short of length and has Vander Dussen hopping in the crease, the ball strikes him high on the thigh pad and rolls wide of slip
27.6
Santner to Vander Dussen, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, punched away square on the off-side
27.5
Santner to Vander Dussen, no run, tossed up around off, Vander Dussen pushes it back to Santner
27.4
Santner to Amla, out Bowled!! Cleaned up! That is a rippah from Santner. This might be the most he has turned today. Lovely seam position on the flighted delivery, drifts in with it and lands on a length, Amla is caught halfway forward, the ball then turns just enough to beat the prodding blade and hit top of off-stump. A dream delivery to any left-arm spinner - flight, drift and turn to beat the batsman. Once again South Africa lose a wicket when a partnership was building wkt (3-111) min (83m). Amla b Santner 55(83) [4s-4]
27.3
Santner to Markram, 1 run, not short enough to play the pull and hence the mistime to long-on
27.2
Santner to Markram, 2 runs, not where he intended but Markram will still get a couple. Shimmies down looking to go over mid-wicket with the angle, but drags it past short fine leg, Ferguson does the chasing job
27.1
Santner to Markram, no run, tossed up on off, Markram presents a straight bat as he blocks it back
26.6
Ferguson to Markram, 1 run, 145kph short of length delivery, Markram is off the ground as he gets on top of the ball and cuts it to backward point, where Guptill makes a half stop and the sweeper does the rest
26.5
Ferguson to Markram, no run, follows it up with a very full delivery, not quite the yorker, Markram jams it out to mid-off
26.5
Ferguson to Markram, wide, pacy bumper at 143kph, but Ferguson loses his line and sprays it down leg, Markram stays inside the line and collects an extra
26.4
Ferguson to Amla, 1 run, once more rushes the batsman with a short of length delivery, Amla plays it with soft hands in front of cover and calls Markram through for a quick single, easily stolen
26.3
Ferguson to Amla, no run, banged in halfway down and only gets it to tummy level, Amla hops and drops it safely into the leg-side
26.2
Ferguson to Markram, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Markram drives it away to sweeper cover
26.1
Ferguson to Markram, 2 runs, short of length outside off, Markram rides the bounce and punches it past cover, two added
25.6
Santner to Markram, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Markram drives to long-off
25.5
Santner to Amla, 1 run, once more floats it up but is on the shorter side, Amla cuts it through point but sweeper tidies up
25.4
Santner to Amla, no run, loads it up with air and Amla takes the invitation, drives it straight back to Santner
25.3
Santner to Amla, no run, darted it on leg-stump, Amla glances it to short fine leg and Markram is not keen on the single
25.2
Santner to Markram, 1 run, slower but on the shorter side, Markram eases it square on the off-side
25.1
Santner to Amla, 1 run, flighted outside off, Amla drives it towards extra cover, where Guptill is on the edge of the 30-yard circle
24.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 1 run, short of length outside off, Amla rides the bounce and punches to sweeper cover
24.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, FOUR, Colinde Grandhomme almost had a wicket. But instead it is fifty for Amla. First in the tournament and it has come at a time when South Africa needed him badly. The job is not done though as he has to carry on and get them to a competitive total. He walks across his stumps and whips it in the air, just past the outstretched right hand of Henry, who dived across at mid-on but could not get anything on it
24.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 2 runs, picks the full delivery from off-stump and flicks it uppishly through the vacant mid-wicket pocket, two added
24.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, missed out there. Short and outside off, Amla went a bit too hard on the cut shot and mistimed it to cover
24.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, on a length and outside off, Amla pushes without conviction to cover
24.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, back of a length around off, Amla hops and works it straight to mid-on
23.6
Santner to Markram, no run, slows it up and lands it on a length, Markram presses forward and defends
23.5
Santner to Markram, FOUR, Markram needed that. More importantly South Africa needed that. Santner tosses it up and overpitches, Markram clears his front leg and uses the bottom hand to drill the drive powerfully past Santner, no chance for the long-on fielder to get across
23.4
Santner to Markram, no run, dips in front of the batsman and Markram is bit early into his forward push, almost chips it back to Santner
23.3
Santner to Amla, 1 run, waits for the ball to turn away before knocking square on the off-side
23.2
Santner to Markram, 1 run, another risky single. Markram works it towards mid-wicket, where KW dives to his left and makes the stop, then fires at the bowler's end and misses. A direct hit would have had Markram
23.1
Santner to Amla, 1 run, quicker and fuller, Amla wrists it away in front of long-on
22.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, 2 runs, good length ball on off, Markram nurdles it behind square leg and called for two, the fielder spotted Amla to be a bit slow and fired at the bowler's end, but the opener had made it in
22.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Amla gets on top of the bounce and cracks it to sweeper cover
22.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, leg byes, 1 run, now Markram decides to shuffle across and play the flick, misses the flick and is struck on the pad, the ball rolls away into the leg-side
22.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 1 run, oh! That was a tight single. Amla walked across his stumps and whipped it to mid-on, the ball travelled quickly to Henry and Amla had to put the skates on, a direct hit would have been interesting
22.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, nibbling away around the off-stump, Amla defends with the bat and pad glued together
22.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, fraction short and outside off, Amla cuts and finds backward point in the way
21.6
Santner to Amla, 1 run, flatter delivery sliding in, Amla punches it down to long-on
21.5
Santner to Markram, 1 run, fraction short around off, Markram rides the bounce and directs it to backward point
21.4
Santner to Markram, no run, lovely loop and drift into the right hander, Markram blocks it out
21.3
Santner to Markram, no run, tossed up around off, Markram prods forward and defends it back
21.2
Santner to Amla, 1 run, that is better. The pair needs to keep the scoreboard ticking. Flighted around off, Amla drops it into the off-side with soft hands and calls Markram through for a quick single
21.1
Santner to Markram, 1 run, sees the length on the shorter side, goes right back and forces it to long-on
20.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, 1 run, another tidy over. Short and plenty of width, Markram cracks the cut straight to sweeper cover
20.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, short of length nips in, Markram is cramped for room on the punch and the thick inside edge rolls back to CdG
20.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, probing away around that off-stump line, Markram bunts it with the pad and bat together
20.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, pitched up on off, Markram drives it straight back and CdG stops in his followthrough
20.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 1 run, had to do something to put Colinde Grandhomme off, he shuffles a long way across and flicks it from off-stump to deep mid-wicket, but will have to settle with a single
20.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, fuller and close to off, Amla's on-drive lacks timing and placement, straight to mid-on
19.6
Santner to Markram, no run, bit more air and drawing the batsman forward, Markram has to be content with a forward defence
19.5
Santner to Markram, no run, wicket to wicket from Santner, Markram prods forward and blocks it back
19.4
Santner to Amla, 1 run, stays back in the crease and opens the bat face at the last second to direct it towards backward point
19.3
Santner to Amla, no run, uses the incoming angle to whip the fullish delivery, but can't beat the mid-wicket fielder
19.2
Santner to Amla, no run, throws it up invitingly outside off, Amla drives and picks out short cover
19.1
Santner to Markram, 1 run, sliding on with the arm, Markram stays back and punches it to long-on
18.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, 1 run, teases the batsman with a full delivery outside off, Markram reaches out to drive but instead squirts an inside edge backward of square leg. This has been a nagging spell from Colinde Grandhomme
18.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, shortens the length on off, Markram is right behind the line to defend
18.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, decks in and now Markram is rapped on the pads, he was on the jump as well but this time the ball hit the outer half of the pad. Clearly going down leg with the movement
18.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, back of a length around off, Markram punches it towards cover
18.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 1 run, short of length outside off, Amla steers it late behind point where third man tidies up
18.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, huge shout for LBW. Umpire Llong is not interested. Williamson has a word with the bowler and Latham before deciding against the review. Nips back in sharply and catches Amla on the hop, beaten on the inside edge and struck around the kneeroll. Ball-tracking shows it to be kissing the leg-stump
17.6
Santner to Markram, no run, flighted delivery on off, Markram plunges forward and defends it back
17.5
Santner to Amla, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Amla has ample time to manoeuvre the ball through the off-side
17.4
Santner to Amla, no run, drifting into the pads and Amla flicks it straight to mid-wicket
17.3
Santner to Markram, 1 run, drags the length back and Markram uses the depth of the crease to wrist it to long-on
17.2
Santner to Amla, 1 run, too full than he would have liked and is driven along the ground to long-off
17.1
Santner to Amla, no run, tossed up around off, Amla pushes with a big stride forward and finds cover
16.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, beaten, outswinging delivery from a good length, Markram plays a loose drive away from the body and misses
16.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 1 run, pushed off the front foot to mid-on, Henry dives and gets a chunk off the outfield, puts it back and smiles
16.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, 122kph outswiner, Amla cuts to backward point
16.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, low full toss, toe-ends the drive to mid-on
16.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, very full and outside off stump, Amla digs it out mid-off
16.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, another one of those CDG outswingers that doesn't reach Latham on the full
15.6
Ferguson to Markram, no run, there's the angry response from the pacer for being driven through cover for four, bangs the ball into the pitch and gets it to rise, Markram was beaten on the attempted back foot defence
15.5
Ferguson to Markram, FOUR, what a shot to get off the mark. Ferguson overpitched, Markram was confident in his forward stride and essayed a neat cover-drive to the right of the man inside the ring
15.4
Ferguson to Markram, no run, full and on the stumps, Markram covers the line and defends
15.3
Ferguson to Amla, 1 run, tapped to cover, Santner flicks off the balance, Amla is well home
15.2
Ferguson to Amla, no run, when you have a bowler bowling fast with skill, you tend to throw the bat at anything that's close to back of a length/good length with width. Amla tries to carve this one and misses
15.1
Ferguson to Amla, no run, the perfume ball to Amla now, Amla smells leather as he leaves
14.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, outswing and Latham collects near his ankles
14.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, fullish and swinging away outside off stump, Markram covers the stumps and shoulders arms
14.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, now he plays an off-balance cut shot to backward point
14.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Markram, no run, beaten! This isn't an active start from Markram. There was intensity even in Faf's defences/leaves, but Markram plays a loose drive to miss the ball
14.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, 1 run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Amla drives it to sweeper cover
14.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Amla, no run, swing for CDG too, outside off stump, left alone
13.6
Ferguson to Fafdu Plessis, out Bowled!! What thought process from Ferguson. He bowled a good short ball previous ball and followed it up with a 148kph yorker. You won't mind getting out to those. Faf did bring his bat down, but it went past the outside edge and crashed into the base of off stump. Massive blow to the Proteas, because Faf was looking really good out there. It's a tricky 59/2 now. You need a minimum of 270-280 here wkt (2-59) min (53m). Fafdu Plessis b Ferguson 23(35) [4s-4]
13.5
Ferguson to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short and on the off stump, Fafdu Plessis sways out, first short ball of the game from the Blackcaps
13.4
Ferguson to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, gee! Top shot. Good length delivery outside off stump, a free-flowing punchy-drive, big gap at cover and this does escape
13.3
Ferguson to Fafdu Plessis, no run, shame this on-drive didn't hit the gap, straight to mid-on. The ball sped off the bat
13.2
Ferguson to Amla, 3 runs, neatly placed back foot punch to the left of backward point. Henry, after bowling seven overs on the trot, rushes and dives at the fence to save a run. Gets a good round of applause
13.1
Ferguson to Amla, no run, Amla looks to flay it through the off-side, mistimes it
12.6
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, excellent off-drive. Past the bowler, past mid-off and it's racing across, CDG chases, dives and pulls the ball back. He's saved a run by the looks of it. The ball did roll back a touch and CDG did push the rope back from its original position. So may well be a boundary. Yes it is!
12.5
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, shortish delivery on the off stump, Fafdu Plessis defends
12.4
Matt Henry to Amla, 3 runs, can't say he was in control of the shot but it looked good to the eye. Short of a length from the bowler, so Amla naturally hops and flicks, luckily splits mid-on and mid-wicket, this time he does communicate well for the third run with his captain
12.3
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, full and swinging away outside off stump, careful off-drive to KW at mid-off
12.2
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, outside off stump, ignored
12.1
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, sweetly-timed off-drive, but his counterpart KW cuts it off at mid-off. Hurls at the sticks near the umpire but Faf was home
11.6
Ferguson to Amla, 2 runs, he can punch off the front foot too, mind you! Overpitched outside off stump, Amla places it to the right of point and that's 8000 ODI runs for Amla
11.5
Ferguson to Amla, no run, Amla and those back foot punches with a jump, shame it didn't get in the gap at cover-point
11.4
Ferguson to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, there is an outside edge but there is no second slip. He went hard on the cover-drive to get a boundary, got an edge instead to third man
11.3
Ferguson to Fafdu Plessis, no run, a solid push off the front foot to mid-off
11.2
Ferguson to Fafdu Plessis, no run, oh Faf wanted to drive through cover, the ball took the edge and rolled towards mid-on. The batsman almost lunged and reached out to play that ball
11.1
Ferguson to Amla, 1 run, very full and wide outside off stump, Amla reaches out and squeezes it to third man
10.6
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, swinging away outside off stump, ignored. Top over that from Matt Henry, a maiden
10.5
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, now the batsman is squared up by the late movement, Fafdu Plessis wanted to flick to leg, lucky the edge rolled towards cover
10.4
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, this is very good bowling. This one moves away ever so slightly, came out scrambled seam, so that foxed Faf into thinking it may not move away but it did at the last moment to go past Faf's attempted half-push
10.3
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, movement away from Faf again, the captain watchfully leaves
10.2
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, covers the stumps and lets this length ball go through
10.1
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, nice ball. Full and swinging away, two slips in place, so there is the danger of the edge for the batsman, Faf manages to drive towards point this time
9.6
Boult to Amla, no run, loose! Amla loves punching off the back foot. So he spotted the length being dropped shot and fancied a shot through cover, but Boult clever bowled scrambled seam to slant it across the right-hander and beat the bat
9.5
Boult to Amla, no run, short enough for Amla to jump and block to leg
9.4
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis dabs it past backward point
9.3
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, Boult throws this wider and fuller to see what Faf does and the captain reaches out to drive wide of mid-off. Went for the cover drive and got it pretty well
9.2
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, no run, this is a very good leave. Doesn't bother moving much because he's spotted this ball wide enough to miss the stumps
9.1
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, there is a full-fledged dive this time from mid-off but the ball was already past Williamson by the time his right-hand was fully stretched. Faf managed to off-drive this ball off the inner half of the bat, yet get enough power behind the shot
8.6
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, it's outside off and swinging from good length, it's a leave. That what it will be
8.5
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, on the pads, tucked, mid-wicket dives to his left and half-stops. They aren't risking a run here
8.4
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, short of length and Amla is hopping to defend
8.3
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, outswing again from Matt Henry, Amla lifts his bat high
8.2
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, swinging away from the sticks, Amla lets it pass
8.1
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, moving away outside off stump, left alone
7.6
Boult to Amla, 1 run, outside edge rolls to the right of Taylor at slip and Faf steals a run. Dives as Taylor threatens to break the sticks at the striker's end. Amla played with soft hands to keep that edge down
7.5
Boult to Amla, no run, back of a length and on the off stump, Amla defends
7.4
Boult to Amla, FOUR, the off-drive now, timed decent well. Four years ago, there was a certain Baz McCullum diving around in the field to make some unthinkable saves. The fielder here at mid-off doesn't want to dive that acrobatically, so lets it go. To be honest, he didn't have much of a chance
7.3
Boult to Amla, FOUR, shottt! Such a sweet sound the bat made when Amla met the ball. That's a condifence booster for any batsman. Boult went searching for swing but it didn't move and Amla was quick onto the front foot to get it racing through cover
7.2
Boult to Amla, no run, shape back in but Amla had it covered, solid in defence
7.1
Boult to Amla, no run, slanting across the right-hander, left alone
6.6
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, outside off stump, left alone
6.5
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, edgeddd but wide of second slip. What a ball. You get a batsman to commit to a shot by bowling a straight line and get it to move away late, top stuff that. Faf was opened up as he wanted to drive as the length was too full, lucky that the edge was thick enough to not go to hand. Ferguson does a fabulous job diving to his left inches from the rope to save two runs at third man
6.4
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, Henry is teasing Faf with good outswing bowling, the batsman senses the trap and lets it pass
6.3
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, the wide outswinger hoping for Faf to throw the bat, but he isn't in the mood yet
6.2
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, interestingly this one doesn't bounce, Fafdu Plessis defends off the bottom of the bat
6.1
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, fullish and slightly moving outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis defends
5.6
Boult to Amla, no run, covers the line and defends
5.5
Boult to Amla, no run, defended very close to the pad, watched the swing out of the hand and played with soft hands, first impact on pad could have been a loud LBW shout
5.4
Boult to Amla, 2 runs, Boult goes for the inswinging yorker, but bowls down the leg-side, Amla flicks to long leg
5.3
Boult to Amla, no run, good length and on the stumps, Amla defends off the back foot
5.2
Boult to Amla, no run, the back and across movement to cover inswing and defend this length delivery
5.1
Boult to Amla, no run, oh look at that ball swing sharply into Amla and hit the pad. Hands on head for Boult as it moved too much to miss leg, Amla missed the flick, luckily it was just missing the sticks
4.6
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, Matt Henry is testing Faf's patience on the drive, the Proteas' skipper looks determined and is in no mood for chase loose deliveries as of now
4.5
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, shape away slightly on this full delivery, Fafdu Plessis lets it pass
4.4
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, left alone as Henry bowls outside off stump
4.3
Matt Henry to Amla, 3 runs, now the one that comes straighter, Amla looks for swing and gets an inside edge that luckily rolls wide of square leg and gives him some runs
4.2
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, this is what Matt Henry needs to do more. This one swung away nicely and very late as well. Amla thought it wouldn't swing because Henry has been bowling scrambled seam, so went away from the body for the cover-drive and was completely fooled by the outswing
4.1
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, well outside off stump, Amla covers the stumps and just watches the ball sail through
3.6
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery, blocked towards cover-point
3.5
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, no run, full and asking Faf to go for the drive, but the skipper watchfully leaves
3.4
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, no run, this is way outside off stump, not called a wide, just went inside the line according to umpire Nigel Llong
3.3
Boult to Amla, 1 run, shortish delivery on the stumps, Amla pulls it to fine leg
3.2
Boult to Amla, no run, Boult angles one past Amla, ignored
3.1
Boult to Amla, 2 runs, shortish delivery outside off stump, Amla hops and punches square of the wicket with soft hands
2.6
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, eish! That almost shaved the off pole. Can't say that's a good leave. Faf lifted his bat without covering the off stump much, not sure if he actually knew the line was so close
2.5
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, fullish and on the stumps, Fafdu Plessis defends
2.4
Matt Henry to Amla, 1 run, oh inside edge on the drive, escapes past the sticks. Fullish delivery outside off stump, Amla looks to go through cover, plays away from the body with no feet, gets away with it
2.3
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, Matt Henry tries the yorker, Amla is upto it, digs it out
2.2
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, waits on the back foot and defends into the off-side
2.1
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Amla shoulders arms
1.6
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, oh what a confident stride first ball on the drive, hang on... There's a mix up, Faf escapes. He dives to save his ground and stares at Amla. Oh South Africa, you can't... I Don't want to say that again... this early in a crunch game. This was a full delivery outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis drives wide of cover, Williamson chased and threw to the bowler's end, Faf was halfway down the pitch by the time Amla said no. Luckily he managed to return by the time the throw was relayed to the keeper. Now Amla and Faf have a chat. Calm down gentlemen!
1.5
Boult to De Kock, out Bowled!! This is bad batting. You can't say it's a really great ball. Tentative feet, in fact it got stuck and the upper body was leaning forward to drive as soon as the mind decoded this is a full ball. The feet needed to move forward for the balance to be there and this one nipped back into him slightly to beat the inside edge of the bat and knock over the leg pole. You could sense from the walk to the crease at the start that QdK wasn't confident enough mentally. The nerves have got the better of him. Walks back gutted wkt (1-9) min (8m). De Kock b Boult 5(8) [4s-1]
1.4
Boult to De Kock, no run, slightly short in length that the previous delivery, blocked to leg
1.3
Boult to De Kock, FOUR, Boult is seriously testing the swing, but to be honest, the seam didn't come out right off his hands for it to swing, so it's an easy leg-side ball, which De Kock tickles for four to fine leg
1.2
Boult to De Kock, no run, now the length is very full, not much movement yet, De Kock flicks firmly, finds mid-on though
1.1
Boult to De Kock, no run, Boult looks for swing, tries the outswinger to the left-hander, but it goes straight, De Kock flicks this leg-stump ball to mid-on
0.6
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, outside off stump, ignored
0.5
Matt Henry to Amla, FOUR, is he still bowling scrambled seam? This is a freebie ball down the leg-side, Amla will feed on those, can't ask for an easier ball to get going and he glances it to fine leg for the scorers to make some entries
0.4
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, short of length delivery well outside off stump, Amla lifts his bat and high and lets it go
0.3
Matt Henry to De Kock, 1 run, much straighter in line, De Kock tucks it to square leg, first runs for the Proteas
0.2
Matt Henry to De Kock, no run, the first one past the bat. Oh come on! Matt Henry is bowling cross-seamed second ball of the game. He isn't keen on swing it looks like, De Kock went for the drive through the off-side, played inside the line and missed
0.1
Matt Henry to De Kock, no run, length ball on the stumps, watchfully defended
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro, Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham, Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson
Amla,Miller, Imran Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Lungi Ngidi
