49.6
Boult to Adil Rashid, out Mark Wood Run Out! 1 run completed. It's a Super Over! A run-out. He is definitely run-out, is Mark Wood. A full-toss that's knocked with soft hands in front of long-on, Neesham collects, throws it to the non-striker's end, a nice flat throw and he's caught Wood well short as Boult whips off the bails. Absolutely stunning scenes wkt () min (m). wkt (10-241) min (3m). Mark Wood run out (Neesham/Boult) 0(0)
49.5
Boult to Mark Wood, out Adil Rashid Run Out!! 1 run completed. Another moment of heart-stopping cricket! He flat-bats a full and wide one outside off, Stokes will smash a miscue down the ground. Okay, it's straight down to long-off and Santner picks up and throws at the non-striker's end, where Boult collects and breaks the stumps at his end - immediately regrets it - if he threw it to the striker's end, they would have had Stokes! Oh Rashid, you sacrificial lamb. wkt (9-240) min (7m). Adil Rashid run out (Santner/Boult) 0(0)
49.4
Boult to Stokes, 6 runs, if I told you, you wouldn't believe it! A full-toss that is clubbed away to deep mid-wicket, they're going for the second, and Stokes, in his dive into the striker's end, deflects it with his bat towards the long-stop boundary for four overthrows! 6 runs = 2 that they have run + 4 runs worth of rotten luck for New Zealand! You can't blame Stokes. He never looked at the ball, just dived full length and it ran away off his bat. He put both his arms up in apology, he can only do that much. New Zealand are stunned, Kane can't believe it
49.3
Boult to Stokes, SIX, is this the World Cup? A length delivery, picks it up really well, and steps across to slog-sweep it away to deep mid-wicket for six! Almost falls over, but he doesn't care! That's a mighty hit under pressure
49.2
Boult to Stokes, no run, wide outside the off-stump again, can't get under it, no leverage to work with, and all he can do it dig it out to cover - can't run
49.1
Boult to Stokes, no run, nails the yorker length! Dug out with a part of the pitch towards extra cover - refuses the single!
48.6
Neesham to Jofra Archer, out Bowled! The slower one all the way through! Jofra wanted to go to Lord's, he has to leave Lord's for now! A slower one @118km/h, a leg-cutter, very well-controlled, Jofra Archer goes across the line to hammer it over the on-side - an ill-fated glory shot that lights up the luminous furniture behind him. He's gotta go! wkt (8-227) min (5m). Jofra Archer b Neesham 0(1)
48.5
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, whip-driven to long-on for a single - Archer wants another, but is rightly sent back. Needs to think straight, does Stokes. He's the man.
48.4
Neesham to Stokes, SIX, slog-sweeps a length ball from outside off, throws the kitchen-sink behind that, Boult peddles across, takes a fantastic catch over his head - but alas, just steps on the boundary at wide long-on and concedes a six! He was very casual in his approach and very unlike New Zealand. Boult could have relayed the catch to Guptill coming in from deep mid-wicket but instead he decided to do it all himself, turns back and checks where the ad triangles are but ends up stepping on them
48.3
Neesham to Plunkett, out Caught by Boult! GONE! Offered the length ball as bait, took all the pace off (114km/h), and went cross-batted in an attempt to clear the long-off boundary, but not the best timing on that - gets more height than distance, and it lands up in the cups of Trent Boult inside the long-off boundary. wkt (7-220) min (13m). Plunkett c Boult b Neesham 10(10) [4s-1]
48.2
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, full-toss on the pads, Stokes swats it wristily away towards deep square leg for a single - on his knees after the shot, but manages to get back up for the single
48.1
Neesham to Plunkett, 1 run, full and angling in, clubbed away flat off the inside half towards deep square leg for a single
47.6
Boult to Plunkett, 1 run, a fabulous yorker on leg and middle, squeezed away to mid-on for a single - a second? Nope, aborted, and rightly so...
47.5
Boult to Plunkett, 2 runs, very full, a low full-toss, clubbed off the lower bit of the bat to long-on for a couple - collected by Santner
47.4
Boult to Plunkett, no run, bouncer, absolutely unexpected by the batsman, who has his entire weight on the frontfoot, much more than a press, and he misses with the pull - honestly, he was late on it
47.3
Boult to Plunkett, 2 runs, another half-volley, straight at the batsman, swatted away towards wide long-on and Santner comes around from straighter long-on to dive and cut it off
47.2
Boult to Stokes, 1 run, gets the yorker right this time, much fuller, and he gets some bat on the whip to deflect it away to backward square leg for a single
47.1
Boult to Stokes, FOUR, goes for the yorker, but Stokes is deep in the crease - swatted away between deep midwicket and deep backward square leg for four
46.6
Ferguson to Plunkett, no run, fantastic execution of his variations! Slower bouncer angling in, Plunkett has a go at the pull, gets the timing completely wrong, and that sneaks under the under-edge to the 'keeper on the bounce
46.5
Ferguson to Plunkett, FOUR, angling into the pads, and that is an audacious shot under pressure! Swatted away aerially towards the cow corner fence for four!
46.4
Ferguson to Plunkett, no run, fuller length delivery on the pads, whipped away towards short midwicket
46.3
Ferguson to Plunkett, no run, leg-cutter? Seemed to angle in, and yep, just straightened enough to beat the inwards angle and the outside edge - very little bounce as well, and to dies on its way to the wicketkeeper
46.2
Ferguson to Stokes, 1 run, good length delivery angling away, driven on the up towards mid-off for a single
46.1
Ferguson to Woakes, out Caught by Latham! Under pressure, and a fantastic catch by Latham. Visions of the World Cup flashing in the sky all around the white ball - not great contrast is it? Banged in short of length into the body, Woakes has a "Hail Mary" swipe across the line, a massive top-edge, into the heavens - the ball hears a whisper from God, perhaps a spoiler, and settles in the gloves of Tom Latham. He will be relieved. Like you can't imagine. wkt (6-203) min (8m). Woakes c Latham b Ferguson 2(4)
45.6
Neesham to Stokes, FOUR, and they get into the 200s in gangsta' style! A half-volley on the pads, and that's mildly helicoptered towards deep midwicket for a boundary
45.5
Neesham to Woakes, 1 run, full and outside off, Woakes backs away and slices it away towards third man for a single - one away from the 200-run mark
45.4
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, short and wide, possibly outside the wide line, slapped away after a shuffle across towards sweeper cover for a single
45.3
Neesham to Stokes, no run, fired into the pads, Stokes tries to swat it away into the on-side, and he misses - thuds off the pads into the off-side
45.2
Neesham to Woakes, 1 run, slower, fuller, towards the base of middle at an intimidating 115km/h, whip-driven late towards long-on for a single
45.1
Neesham to Woakes, no run, slower one on a back of a length, off-stump, dropped into the off-side rather late
44.6
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, angling across from over the wicket, Stokes is caught jumping and poking, and is beaten on the outside edge
44.5
Ferguson to Buttler, out Caught by (sub)Southee! New Zealand have got their key man. The substitute has taken a phenomenal catch! A length slower ball, outside off, Buttler backed away and you'd think he was getting carried away - tries to get one of his bottom-handed hockey scoops over cover, but ends up slicing it towards sweeper cover, where Tim Southee rushes in from the boundary and - boy the Kiwis' fielding under pressure is a sight to behold. Even their bench. Wow. A fabulous low catch to get rid of Buttler. The Kiwis have an opening! Could this final be any more interesting? wkt (5-196) min (94m). Buttler c (sub)Southee b Ferguson 59(60) [4s-6]
44.4
Ferguson to Buttler, no run, short and angling in, Buttler has another go at the cut, but is cramped for room and beaten by the extra bounce - whizzes over the top-edge
44.3
Ferguson to Buttler, 2 runs, full and wide, Buttler has a slash after backing away, gets a top-edge that flies away towards third man where Boult rushes across from a squarer position to save a couple of precious runs for his side!
44.2
Ferguson to Buttler, FOUR, errs with the yorker, too full, and it's the full toss - a standing whip over the man at short cover to the fence for four. Fantastic shot under pressure!
44.1
Ferguson to Stokes, 3 run, on the thigh, swatted away towards backward square leg for a single. The Kiwis are getting desperate now. They - need - a - wicket!
43.6
Boult to Buttler, no run, yorker length delivery on leg, Buttler backs away and squirts it out into the off-side
43.5
Boult to Stokes, 1 run, and fifty for Stokes - his 20th, and he really couldn't care less, just like Buttler. The most important fifty of his life. A low full-toss, and a whip down to long-on for a single to bring up the milestone.
43.4
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, whip-driven down to long-off for a single
43.3
Boult to Buttler, no run, short and not too wide, Buttler has a slash, but it flies over his top-edge. Distractions!
43.2
Boult to Buttler, FOUR, the century partnership, and the half-century for Buttler! He just raises his bat - job only half done! A half-volley, and his eyes lit up - runs his lightning hands through the whip drive over the in-field to the deep extra cover boundary for four
43.1
Boult to Buttler, no run, fuller length delivery on off, no width, dug out bottom-handedly towards mid-off
42.6
Ferguson to Buttler, 1 run, full and wide, scythed away off a crouch towards third man for a single
42.5
Ferguson to Buttler, 2 runs, another slower yorker attempted from the back of the hand - incredible control, Buttler gets across to scoop, waits for it, and plays a late, checked scoop off the toe-end towards fine leg where Neesham cuts it off, brilliant work at fine leg
42.4
Ferguson to Stokes, 1 run, slower yorker length delivery @126km/h - slower than the usual - dug out to mid-off for a quick single
42.3
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, short one from over the wicket, 143km/h, Stokes has half a duck underneath it as it soars over him
42.2
Ferguson to Buttler, 1 run, fuller length delivery @147km/h, swatted away straight down the wicket towards long-on for a single - a second attempted but aborted. Henry did really well to attack the ball quickly and put in the slide, released the ball very quickly too
42.1
Ferguson to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, runs his hands through the punch to mid-off for a single - a throw from Williamson to the non-striker's end, Stokes incoming, and he misses! Stokes is well in though...
41.6
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, slower - 116km/h, short'n'wide, slapped away with the weight on the backfoot towards sweeper cover for a single
41.5
Neesham to Stokes, no run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Stokes tries to flick it across the line but it stops on him - struck on the pads
41.4
Neesham to Stokes, no run, yorker! Fanstastic yorker at 140km/h from round the wicket, Stokes just about gets his bat down in time, too little surface area in contact with the ground, and no stability - Stokes falls on his chest
41.3
Neesham to Stokes, 2 runs, slower and fuller on the pads, 113km/h, clipped away late off the pads towards backward square leg for a couple
41.2
Neesham to Stokes, no run, fuller length delivery on middle from round the wicket, Stokes shuffles forward and across into the line and whips it away towards mid-on
41.1
Neesham to Buttler, 1 run, short, wide, slower I think - yep, 112km/h - a delayed, mistimed slap away towards sweeper cover for a single
40.6
Ferguson to Buttler, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the pads follows the short one, swatted away to long-on for a single
40.5
Ferguson to Buttler, no run, oooh, snorter! A 147km/h rip-snorter, rising steeply towards the head, Buttler figured he was late into the shot and it had gotten big on him, and just aborted the shot regardless of its aesthetics
40.4
Ferguson to Stokes, 1 run, on the thighs @147km/h, tucked away off the backfoot towards deep square leg for a single
40.4
Ferguson to Stokes, wide, short of length, but misdirected down leg-side, 139km/h of futility from Ferguson
40.3
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, pitches it fuller again, and that's hastily punched back down the wicket towards the bowler
40.2
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, back of a length delivery angling away, punched off the backfoot towards cover
40.1
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, dug out into the on-side
39.6
Matt Henry to Buttler, FOUR, Buttler at his best. Walks across his stumps and gets a full pacy delivery, scoops it fine and into the fence. The power he generated was such that it went the distance
39.5
Matt Henry to Stokes, 1 run, slower delivery on off, Stokes eases it past the diving mid-wicket fielder and crosses over
39.4
Matt Henry to Buttler, 1 run, short of length on off, Buttler tucks it gently to square leg
39.3
Matt Henry to Stokes, 1 run, angled in from round the wicket, clipped away to deep square leg
39.2
Matt Henry to Stokes, no run, woah! What happened there? Slower delivery that kicks up from back of a length, Stokes was taken by surprise and he arches back to let that pass, the ball lobs away beating his outside edge
39.1
Matt Henry to Buttler, 1 run, short of length outside off, Buttler hops and punches it to sweeper cover
38.6
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, full, fast and at the stumps, Stokes offers a straight bat and knocks it to mid-on
38.5
Ferguson to Buttler, 1 run, loopy slower delivery, Buttler crunches the drive to mid-off and hurries across to the other end, a direct hit might have made things interesting for him and England
38.4
Ferguson to Stokes, 1 run, attempted yorker but ends up as a full toss, Stokes knocks it to mid-on and sets off
38.3
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, back of a length on off, Stokes is right behind the line to defend it back
38.2
Ferguson to Stokes, FOUR, the runs keep flowing now.. Banged in halfway down, Stokes has ample time to play the pull, transfers his weight back and rolls his wrists while hitting it well in front of square. No chance for Neesham to get across from deep square leg
38.1
Ferguson to Stokes, no run, back of a length around off, Stokes hops and drops it gently in front of point
37.6
Neesham to Buttler, no run, fuller and outside off, Buttler drives it crisply and finds cover in the way
37.5
Neesham to Buttler, FOUR, another aerial shot but Buttler had enough wood to get him a boundary. The slower delivery, dips right in front of Buttler, who goes with hard hands and chips it firmly back over the umpire, the timing is also good enough to take the ball to the fence
37.4
Neesham to Buttler, no run, once more a ball is in the air and lands well short of the fielder. Buttler is early into his forward press and is made to check his shot, the ball lobs up and drops in front of mid-on
37.3
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, short of length outside off, Stokes stands tall and punches it to sweeper cover
37.2
Neesham to Stokes, 2 runs, England have had all the luck today. Another inside edge that goes agonisingly close to the stumps. Stokes walks down the wicket and is cramped by back of a length delivery, the inside edge flies past the stumps and Henry does a good job near the rope, saves a couple
37.1
Neesham to Stokes, no run, back of a length around off, Stokes is right behind the line to defend
36.6
Ferguson to Buttler, no run, short of length delivery that has Buttler jumping in his crease and fending to mid-wicket, Stokes thought about the single but his partner was quick to send him back
36.5
Ferguson to Buttler, no run, good length ball angled in, Buttler offers a straight bat in his block
36.4
Ferguson to Buttler, no run, fuller and outside off, Buttler drives crisply but finds Santner at cover
36.3
Ferguson to Stokes, 1 run, short and at the body, Stokes swivels and pulls it along the ground to fine leg
36.2
Ferguson to Buttler, 1 run, in the air and safe. Good length ball outside off, it held up on the surface for a wee bit, Buttler was through the forward push and balloons it over point, drops in no man's land
36.1
Ferguson to Buttler, FOUR, short, wide and four. Buttler almost slipped while reaching out for it. He was back and across and the length was perfect to play the cut, the power of Buttler ensures it beats sweeper cover
35.6
Matt Henry to Stokes, no run, back of a length around off, Stokes stands tall and bunts it to cover
35.5
Matt Henry to Buttler, 1 run, direct hit from the deep. How many times have we seen that in the last few days? Tucked away in front of square on the leg-side and Buttler wanted two, Stokes rightly sends him back as there's a direct hit at the bowler's end. Third umpire is called in to check but Buttler had made it in quite comfortably
35.4
Matt Henry to Buttler, no run, loud cheer goes up at Lord's as soon as the giant screen showed it to be missing leg-stump. Good length ball decking in, Buttler shuffles and falls over while attempting the flick, he is struck in front of leg-stump and Henry was confident in his appeal. Williamson went to his keeper and Latham asked the skipper to review it. But it turned out to be the wrong call as New Zealand lose their review
35.3
Matt Henry to Buttler, no run, slower delivery that grips the surface and breaks in, Buttler plays outside the line and is beaten on the inside edge. The ball also died down in front of Latham
35.2
Matt Henry to Stokes, 1 run, change of pace, 121kph good length delivery and Stokes drives on the rise to sweeper cover
35.1
Matt Henry to Stokes, no run, short of length around off, Stokes stands tall and drops it into the leg-side
34.6
Santner to Buttler, no run, shortens the length and Buttler will feel missed out there, whips it close to Williamson at mid-wicket. A pressureless Buttler would have taken the aerial route and tried to hit it out of the park, but there is a World title on the line and he can't take such a risk
34.5
Santner to Stokes, 1 run, attacks the stumps with a 91kph delivery, Stokes knocks it with a straight bat to long-on
34.4
Santner to Stokes, no run, darted in on leg-stump, Stokes turns it to short fine and Buttler this time is not ready for a risky single
34.3
Santner to Buttler, 1 run, fuller, quicker and at the stumps, Buttler eases it down to long-off
34.2
Santner to Stokes, 1 run, angled across the left hander, Stokes chops it square on the off-side
34.1
Santner to Buttler, 1 run, a better throw would have had Stokes in trouble. Nurdled backward of square and the duo went for a tight single, Neesham got across from short fine and fired a wayward throw at the keeper's end
33.6
Matt Henry to Stokes, no run, oh! Almost popped a return catch back to Henry. Back of a length delivery sticks in the wicket, Stokes closes the bat face and the leading edge lands in front of a diving Henry
33.5
Matt Henry to Buttler, 1 run, short of length around off, Buttler plays the steer with soft hands and sends it down to third man
33.4
Matt Henry to Stokes, 1 run, slower delivery that dips in front of Stokes, who checks his forward push and the airy shot evades the cover fielder. That single brings up the 50-run partnership. Is this stand that will see England lift their maiden trophy?
33.3
Matt Henry to Stokes, 2 runs, third successive two and the England supporters are woken up by the intent. There was space outside off and Stokes cracks it past a diving backward point, scampers back for the second
33.2
Matt Henry to Stokes, 2 runs, once more runs down the wicket and makes his own pace, short-arm jabs it through mid-wicket and picks up two more. Nice bit of work from Santner cleaning up near the rope
33.1
Matt Henry to Stokes, 2 runs, first ball of a new spell and Stokes gives Henry the charge, sees the width and throws his bat, slicing it over behind square on the off-side, third man keeps it down to a brace
32.6
Santner to Buttler, no run, tosses it up and still manages to drift it in, Buttler inside halves the forward block into the leg-side
32.5
Santner to Buttler, no run, quicker and at the stumps, blocked to the right of Santner
32.4
Santner to Stokes, 1 run, around leg-stump and that is an easy pick away for Stokes into the leg-side
32.3
Santner to Stokes, no run, flatter delivery on middle, Stokes punches it towards mid-wicket where Guptill makes a diving stop
32.2
Santner to Buttler, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Buttler crunches the punch to deep cover
32.2
Santner to Buttler, wide, keeps gaining in angle and ends up down leg, Buttler cannot connect with the glance
32.1
Santner to Buttler, no run, arm-ball sliding on with the angle, Buttler punches it straight to cover
31.6
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, the shorter length once again and Buttler punches it towards sweeper cover
31.5
Boult to Buttler, no run, fuller and outside off, Buttler moves forward and pushes it to mid-off
31.4
Boult to Buttler, no run, on a length angled across off, Buttler pulls and the under-edge ricochets onto the pad. The length was not short enough to play the pull
31.3
Boult to Buttler, FOUR, oh! Guptill was close to plucking out another stunner. Short and outside off, Buttler tries his best to get on top of the cut shot, but is not able to keep it down and hits it uppishly to the right of backward point, Guptill flies across and is close to getting there
31.2
Boult to Stokes, 1 run, quick single and Stokes gets it comfortably. He punches the back of a length delivery to KW at mid-off and takes off, there is a shy at the bowler's end but Stokes had made it in
31.1
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, short of length outside off, Buttler rides the bounce by jumping up and punching to sweeper cover
30.6
Santner to Buttler, 1 run, plenty of loop and it lands in front of Buttler, who eases it down to long-on
30.5
Santner to Stokes, 1 run, slows it up and Stokes delays his punch to get it past Santner, single to long-on
30.4
Santner to Buttler, 1 run, waits for the ball to slide in and nudges it in front of square on the leg-side
30.3
Santner to Stokes, 1 run, flatter delivery around off, Stokes whips it past the diving mid-wicket fielder
30.2
Santner to Stokes, no run, drifts it across off, Stokes pushes it back with a straight bat
30.1
Santner to Stokes, no run, round the wicket and darted across the left hander, Stokes cuts and misses
29.6
Boult to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Stokes punches it wide (right) of mid-off and retains strike
29.5
Boult to Stokes, no run, good length ball outside off, Stokes bunts it in front of backward point
29.4
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, short of length around off, Buttler stands tall and punches it to sweeper cover
29.3
Boult to Buttler, no run, angled across the right hander from a length, Buttler punches off the front foot to cover
29.2
Boult to Stokes, 1 run, once more tad short in length, Stokes clips it wide of mid-wicket and hurries across
29.1
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length on middle, tucked away backward of square leg, for a single
28.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Buttler, 1 run, in the air and short of Ferguson. Buttler saw the width outside off on the full delivery and threw the kitchen sink, the outside edge flies away to third man and lands in front of an incoming Ferguson
28.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Buttler, Byes, 2 runs, Buttler or Latham had no clue about it, nips back in from a length, Buttler plays outside the line and pushes away from the body, beats him on the inside edge and Latham only gets a fingertip to it
28.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Buttler, no run, fuller than a good length and Buttler is happy to defend it to cover
28.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, 1 run, bit of space outside off, Stokes steers a single down to third man
28.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, slanted in at the stumps, Stokes closes the bat face and the leading edge rolls to mid-off
28.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Buttler, 1 run, good length ball outside off, nibbles away slightly, Buttler plays outside the line and the inside edge ends up near the square leg umpire, he wanted two but is sent back
27.6
Neesham to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Buttler punches it to sweeper cover
27.5
Neesham to Buttler, no run, slower delivery outside off, Buttler delays his forward press and hits it firmly to cover
27.4
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, advances and is met by the dragged back length, plays a controlled pull backward of square leg
27.4
Neesham to Stokes, wide, splays it down leg, Stokes can't meet with the tickle but he will be happy with a wide call
27.3
Neesham to Stokes, FOUR, smashed! Stokes brings up England's 100. He was itching to have a go and decides to shimmy down the ground, converts it into a full delivery and hammers it straight back, leaving umpire Dharmasena take evasive action
27.2
Neesham to Stokes, no run, short and outside off, Stokes slaps the punch straight to cover. He knows he has missed out there
27.1
Neesham to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length on middle, Buttler clips it off the hips to deep square leg
26.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, maiden! Second for Colinde Grandhomme. He's bowled nine overs on the trot and has just squeezed the runs at one end. Back of a length with an extra bit of kick, Stokes tries to steer it to third man but is defeated by the bounce, Latham does well to get something on it
26.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, back of a length outside off, Stokes cue-ends the punch to cover
26.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, wicket-to-wicket and Stokes can only turn it to mid-wicket
26.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, good length ball around off, Stokes directs it with an angled bat to backward point
26.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, in the air and short of mid-on. That is what Colinde Grandhomme's pace does to batsmen. Stokes is through the forward press early and he has to check his shot, the ball lobs up and lands just in front of Boult at mid-on
26.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, on a length and outside off, Stokes lifts his bat and lets it go
25.6
Neesham to Buttler, 2 runs, good length ball outside off, Buttler drives on the up and the call was always for the second, the throw goes to the bowler's end and a direct hit might have had Stokes in trouble
25.5
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, charges down and is met by a shortened length, punched to sweeper cover
25.4
Neesham to Stokes, no run, on a length and just outside off, Stokes presses forward and defends
25.3
Neesham to Stokes, no run, back of a length around off, Stokes defends and almost drags it back on off the bat face, the ball rolls past leg-stump
25.2
Neesham to Stokes, no run, full and outside off, Stokes is not convincing with his drive as he picks out mid-off
25.1
Neesham to Stokes, 2 runs, fuller and outside off, Stokes has to really reach out to connect with the drive and he hits it wide of sweeper cover, there is an easy brace and Stokes makes it in. He tries to evade the ball and arches back, allowing Latham to deflect it onto the stumps. All this while he was still in, the third umpire was called in and he made the easiest of decisions
24.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, 1 run, angled in and the ball ends up on middle, flicked away to deep mid-wicket
24.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, fullish on off-stump, Stokes is not fully forward but manages to toe-end his block
24.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, fuller and at the stumps, Stokes presents the full bat face and knocks it to mid-on
24.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Buttler, 1 run, on off-stump and Buttler still manages to nudge it through the mid-wicket pocket
24.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, 1 run, on a length just outside off, Stokes opens the bat face and steers it to third man
24.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Buttler, 1 run, walks down the wicket and gets inside the line to a good length delivery, clipped away to deep square leg
23.6
Neesham to Stokes, no run, oh! That is unplayable. It is the 24th over and the ball is still hooping around. This one jags in from back of a length and cuts Stokes into half, he had no clue about it and is lucky that the bounce of Lord's saved him
23.5
Neesham to Stokes, no run, once more the right-armers angle takes it outside off, Stokes ignores
23.4
Neesham to Stokes, no run, slanted across the left hander, Stokes watches it all along the way and lets it pass
23.3
Neesham to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length around off, Buttler gets on top of the bounce and taps it wide of cover
23.2
Neesham to Buttler, 2 runs, straying on the pads, Buttler picks it away in front of square on the leg-side, easy two
23.1
Neesham to Morgan, out Caught by Ferguson!! Neesham strikes with his first ball. It is a huge one. The England captain has to walk back. Short and outside off, Morgan was kept on a leash till then and suddenly saw something he can put away, cuts and does not bother to keep it down the ground. Both feet were in the air, so the control wasn't there. Ferguson was a bit late to react but he does well to get there with a dive forward, takes it inches from the ground. Neesham and the rest of the Kiwis thought he had not taken it, but Ferguson got up and gestured it was out. The fielder's reaction of lying down flat was more in relief. The third umpire just had one look and that was enough to make the decision. wkt (4-86) min (34m). Morgan c Ferguson b Neesham 9(22)
22.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, once more keeps it stump-to-stump, Stokes is content with a block to mid-on
22.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, slanted in at the stumps, Stokes knocks it with a straight bat to mid-on
22.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, fuller than a good length, Stokes presses forward and defends
22.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, FOUR, Stokes had to do something against Colinde Grandhomme, he runs down the wicket and gets the shortened length, Stokes has the space to play the pull and he hits it in front of square. No one in the deep to stop that
22.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, on a length outside off, Stokes forces it off the back foot and finds Santner at extra cover
22.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, full and angled in from round the wicket, Stokes offers a watertight forward block
21.6
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, angled in from short of length, Morgan hops and directs it with an open bat face to point
21.6
Ferguson to Morgan, wide, 5 oh this will help England. The pressure was building and they needed something to release it. Ferguson bowls a sharp bouncer which is too high for everyone, Latham leaps in hope and gets nothing on that. Umpire Dharmasena signals it is a wide for height
21.5
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, back of a length around off, Morgan jumps and drops it safely down the wicket
21.4
Ferguson to Morgan, leg byes, 2 runs, goes full and loses his radar, it was the slower delivery and Morgan deflects it off the pad to fine leg
21.3
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, what's happened there? New Zealand appealed for a caught behind. Umpire Dharmasena takes the ball and then has a word with Morgan. He just wants to know if the England captain is fine after being struck on the helmet by a vicious Ferguson bouncer, Morgan spotted it late and was not quick enough to duck, the ball brushed the helmet on the way to Latham. Ferguson went up for a catch but he had not much support
21.2
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, short of length on middle, Morgan hops and defends with a straight bat
21.1
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, low full toss at the stumps, Morgan stays rooted to the crease and bunts it back
20.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, steps down the wicket to create his own length but is made to defend to cover
20.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, back of a length on off, Stokes is right behind the line to defend
20.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, uhhh! Colinde Grandhomme is toying with the batsmen. Short and outside off, Stokes thought he could put it away but the ball jags away a bit to beat the wafting blade
20.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, wide, sprays it down leg, Stokes can't reach out to put bat on the glance
20.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, oh! Colinde Grandhomme is in the middle of an excellent spell. He's troubled everyone. Stokes runs down the wicket to put him off the length, but he doesn't and the ball nibbles away ever so slightly to beat the outside edge
20.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Stokes, no run, fullish and teasing Stokes outside off, the allrounder resists and lets it go
20.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Morgan, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Morgan leans forward and drives to sweeper cover
19.6
Ferguson to Morgan, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Morgan jumps and eases it past cover
19.5
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, banged in halfway down and has Morgan hopping to defend, the England captain does well to block it confidently
19.4
Ferguson to Stokes, 1 run, 150kph short of length delivery at the ribs, Stokes tucks it away to fine leg
19.3
Ferguson to Bairstow, out Bowled!! Dragged on! You can only ride your luck so much. Bairstow has driven and got the inside edge quite a few times in this World Cup but none have gone on to hit timber. But it is the final and it has to happen in a final. Back of a length just outside off, Bairstow is off the ground to play the punch but the ball does not arrive at the pace he expected and he was through the shot a tad early, the inside edge kisses the leg bail and the pace of Ferguson is enough to remove the bails from their groove. The set batsman departs and New Zealand keep the game in balance. wkt (3-71) min (79m). Bairstow b Ferguson 36(55) [4s-7]
19.2
Ferguson to Bairstow, FOUR, lovely shot! Nothing much wrong with the delivery. Ferguson provided wee bit of space outside off and Bairstow makes him pay, drives on the rise and creams it through extra cover. No chance for sweeper cover to get across
19.1
Ferguson to Morgan, leg byes, 1 run, good length ball aimed for the pads, Morgan is beaten for pace on the flick and misses it, the deflection takes it down to fine leg
18.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, full toss on off, not sure Colinde Grandhomme meant to bowl a yorker but Bairstow was taken aback, he nurdles it off the inner half of the bat to short fine, Morgan is not interested in the single
18.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Morgan, 1 run, even Colinde Grandhomme is trying to bounce out Morgan, the short ball does not rise up and Morgan is in complete control of the pull shot, plays it along the ground to long leg
18.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Morgan, no run, fraction short and outside off, Morgan cracks the cut straight to point
18.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Morgan, no run, another shimmy and the back of a length delivery is defended into the off-side
18.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Morgan, no run, once more advance and the dragged back length seams away, beaten on the outside edge. Latham should come up to the stumps and help Colinde Grandhomme bowl to his plan
18.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Morgan, 2 runs, just over Williamson. Morgan does not want Colinde Grandhomme to keep bowling in one area. He gives the charge and is made to reach for the loft, toe-ends it and gets it over mid-off. Williamson backtracks and the ball lands just in front of him
17.6
Ferguson to Bairstow, no run, fuller and aimed for top of off-stump, Bairstow pushes it to mid-on
17.5
Ferguson to Morgan, 1 run, 144kph short of length around the armpit, Morgan has nowhere to go, he can't duck and can't sway away, manages to get some bat on that and help it along the way to fine leg. It was in the air for a while but landed well in front of the fielder
17.4
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, there comes the bouncer, Morgan spotted it early and ducks under it
17.3
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, in trying to keep it close to Morgan, Ferguson pings him on the pad. The ball had pitched outside leg and struck him outside leg, hence no appeal from New Zealand
17.2
Ferguson to Morgan, 2 runs, good running. Once more Morgan is expecting the short ball and stays leg-side, since it was a good length ball he guided it past backward point and scampered back for a second
17.1
Ferguson to Morgan, no run, short of length close to off, Morgan stays leg-side and directs it to backward point
16.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, once more not a big stride forward from Bairstow, but stays behind the line to block it out
16.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, good length ball around off, Bairstow is not fully forward but defends with a straight bat
16.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Morgan, 1 run, on a length and Morgan uses the angle to steer a single to third man
16.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, out Caught by Latham!! And now Root throws it away. He had to hang around. This isn't a big target and New Zealand are keeping the pressure on with tight bowling. You expect Root to absorb such situations, but here is trying to take toll of a dibbly-dobbly bowler. But Colinde Grandhomme is good enough to move the ball in the air, he bowls the outswinger and bowls wide outside off stump to tempt Root. Big drive attempted and he nicks off. New Zealand are absolutely elated. wkt (2-59) min (40m). Root c Latham b Colinde Grandhomme 7(30)
16.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, no run, oh dear! An ugly swipe from Root. How often have we seen Root do that in any form of cricket? That's the pressure of a World Cup final. Even the best aren't spared. After a big LBW shout, Root wanted to muscle this ball to the boundary, walked at the bowler in trying to do so and CdG was clever enough to drop it short, missed the bat and also the sticks
16.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, no run, appeal for LBW, shake of the head from Erasmus. Was that going down? Nip-backer from good length, Root missed the flick, the ball hits him in line with leg stump, but it probably would have snaked past the sticks. No review from the Blackcaps
15.6
Ferguson to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Root guides it to third man
15.5
Ferguson to Root, no run, short delivery, controlled pull shot. Guptill there at widish leg gully. Ferguson had Smith in that zone when New Zealand played Australia
15.4
Ferguson to Bairstow, 1 run, juicy full delivery, 149kph, but pace won't trouble the batsman at that length with no movement, so Bairstow essayed a neat off-drive, Williamson ran to his left to stop three with his slide
15.3
Ferguson to Bairstow, no run, 146kph good length delivery outside off stump, hits the bat hard as Bairstow tries to punch to cover
15.2
Ferguson to Bairstow, no run, short of length delivery around the off stump, Bairstow punches into the off-side
15.2
Ferguson to Bairstow, wide, the short ball sprayed down the leg-side
15.1
Ferguson to Bairstow, no run, starts with a gentle 139kph short of length delivery, Bairstow tried to punch off the back foot, the ball beats the inside edge
14.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, no run, Root stays back and tries the late-cut, chops it on the bounce to Latham
14.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, 1 run, oh Bairstow almost got his front foot too far across trying to flick this full delivery and got an inside edge that rolls to mid-wicket
14.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, 1 run, nip-backer just outside off stump, Root stays back and dabs to the left of backward point, Neesham attacks the ball
14.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, 2 runs, nice, controlled cover-drive. Gently met by the batsman, beats the dive at cover, cut off in the deep. Root is slow to get going, but this drive is good enough for the English fans to go "Roooooottt"
14.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, 1 run, very straight, so on-driven to long-on
14.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Bairstow pushes it back to the bowler, who collects the ball to his left in his followthrough
13.6
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 1 run, knocked to mid-on for an easy single
13.5
Matt Henry to Bairstow, FOUR, nearly an inside edge onto stumps. Hands on head moment for Matt Henry. Fullish and outside off stump, Bairstow went hard on the drive, expected the ball to move away but it came it with the angle, so it took the edge and escapes past the sticks to the fine leg fence
13.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, FOUR, never try silly stuff when the conventional goods are doing just fine! It was expected that Henry will try to angle one in and get it to move away, but he sprays down the leg-side and Bairstow happily flicks between mid-on and mid-wicket
13.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, lovely line and length. Outswinger on a good length and just outside off stump, Bairstow covers the off stump and shoulders arms
13.2
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow will not be happy with himself on the drive, loses the bottom hand grip and hits it off the toe-end to cover
13.1
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, full delivery, Bairstow drives and finds the man at mid-on
12.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, 1 run, back foot punch to mid-on and Bairstow keeps strike
12.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, on the off stump, Bairstow flicks, but picks out the man at short mid-wicket
12.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, 1 run, takes a step down the pitch and flicks this full delivery to deep mid-wicket
12.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, no run, outswinger, watched closely, defended from the middle of the bat
12.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Root, no run, comes on the front foot and drives, can't put it past cover
12.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, 1 run, tucked to deep mid-wicket
11.6
Matt Henry to Root, no run, oh he's troubled by the outswinger, falls over trying the flick shot, the ball takes the leading edge as Root tries to play mid-wicket, ball rolls to cover
11.5
Matt Henry to Root, no run, oh horrible shot from Joe Root! He will giggle on seeing the replay after the game. Good length delivery just outside off stump, Root wanted to cut, but this ball nipped back in and it could so easily have been a chop on! There was absolutely no room for the cut shot
11.4
Matt Henry to Root, no run, driven off the front foot to mid-on
11.3
Matt Henry to Root, no run, played to the left of the bowler
11.2
Matt Henry to Root, no run, nice off-drive but can't beat mid-off
11.1
Matt Henry to Root, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Root defends into the off-side to backward point
10.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, oh come on CdG! Captain trusts you in a big World Cup final and brings you one change, and you drop an relatively easy return catch. Got to be a lot more switched on! Nothing full delivery, Bairstow was yet again early into the drive, went straight at the bowler, who wasn't ready in his followthrough. Didn't get the hands in time and he grabbed at it. Walks back disappointed. The New Zealand coaching staff take notes
10.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, outswinger, Bairstow drives it to mid-on
10.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, punched into the off-side off the back foot
10.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, outside off stump, so ignored
10.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, oh pushed uppishly, doesn't carry to mid-off. These dibbly-dobly bowlers can be hard to face on pitches that offer some movement. Bairstow was early into the drive and got away with it
10.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, gentle outswinger outside off stump, Bairstow shoulders arms
9.6
Matt Henry to Root, no run, excellent full delivery, threatened to sneak through. Root was slightly late on the drive, the ball caught the inside edge and rolled to mid-wicket
9.5
Matt Henry to Root, no run, a funny-looking back foot defence from Root. Got into a bit of a tangle with no room, body turned cover, bat came straight to play it back to the bowler
9.4
Matt Henry to Root, no run, Henry tries to start the outswinger very straight, he's very lucky that Root missed the tickle, Latham collects the ball that came of Root's pad
9.3
Matt Henry to Root, no run, beaten! Nice shape away from the right-hander, starts around off stump, so Root has to play at that, and then there's enough movement as the ball swings away, almost kissing the bat
9.2
Matt Henry to Root, no run, the back foot punch to cover from Root
9.1
Matt Henry to Root, no run, covers the line and defends from the middle of the bat
8.6
Boult to Bairstow, no run, great carry from good length. Probably landed on the seam, but Bairstow offered no shot as the line was outside off stump. Would have been very interesting had he played at it
8.5
Boult to Bairstow, FOUR, a nothing ball. If he tried the bumper there, it had to be much shorter in length. This sat up nicely for Bairstow to pull and there's no one at square leg to cut it off. Vital boundary for England
8.4
Boult to Bairstow, no run, oh there's the full delivery, Bairstow tries to on-drive, but doesn't get the connection right, toe-ends the shot to the right of the bowler, who stops it in his followthrough
8.3
Boult to Bairstow, no run, another one that's short enough for Bairstow to hang back and block. Watch-out for the big inswinger, Jonny!
8.2
Boult to Bairstow, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, no swing, just the angle, left alone
8.1
Boult to Root, 1 run, classy cover-drive, but captain Kane is determined to cut it off running to his left from mid-off
7.6
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, outswinger testing Bairstow on the drive, the batsman lets it pass this time
7.5
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, What.A.Ball! He's been so good with his away-swingers. He's mainly bowled scrambled seam, but slips out the seam-up swing ball every now and then. Bairstow thought it would come at it and went hard on the front foot drive, but the ball fooled him by moving late. Latham thought he had another catch
7.4
Matt Henry to Root, 1 run, Root walks to the bowler and forces Henry to drop it short, leading edge to extra-cover. Off the mark in the World Cup final
7.3
Matt Henry to Root, no run, this is a very good nut from Matt Henry. Root wasn't actually sure about his feet there, the length was full, so he wanted to come forward, but then he was worried about the ball nipping back in, so just got the bat down in time to block it to off with a big bat-pad gap
7.2
Matt Henry to Root, no run, this ain't full enough to draw Root forward, so he is happy defending off the back foot. Henry was looking for some seam movement, went straight
7.1
Matt Henry to Root, no run, gentle delivery outside off stump, ignored by Root
6.6
Boult to Bairstow, no run, two away-angling deliveries followed by the inswinger, Boult would have wanted to bowl that much straighter, easy leave for Bairstow again
6.5
Boult to Bairstow, no run, Boult is testing Bairstow here on the angle. Good length and well wide of outside off stump, Bairstow knows the trap, so simply shoulders arms
6.4
Boult to Bairstow, no run, now Boult bowls the one that angles across the right-hander and doesn't swing back in, Bairstow neatly and carefully defends with soft hands towards point
6.3
Boult to Bairstow, FOUR, that's a lovely on-drive. Mid-on dives to his left - Lockie it was - but he couldn't cut it off. Bairstow didn't try to over-hit the ball, just presented the full face on the bat to this full ball and picked up four
6.3
Boult to Bairstow, wide, that's the bowler getting greedy for swing, fires this down the leg-side
6.2
Boult to Bairstow, no run, short of length delivery swinging back in, Bairstow mistimes the flick to leg
6.1
Boult to Bairstow, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Bairstow off-drives, mid-off moves to his right and cuts it off
5.6
Matt Henry to Root, no run, defended to the left of the bowler
5.5
Matt Henry to Root, no run, good length delivery nipping away on the off stump, Root defends
5.4
Matt Henry to Roy, out Caught by Latham!! There's the edge and it's a clean catch. Low grab, third ump checks and Roy is back in the long room already. Good start from New Zealand. They should have had Roy first ball of the innings, but won't mind this either. Henry bowled a good outswinger previous ball, now gets the line a lot more straighter towards off stump, forcing Roy to push at the ball. This was the scrambled seam delivery that nips away just enough to take the edge. Latham stayed low enough to pouch it safely. On the replay, it seemed Aleem Dar, the fourth ump tried to stop Roy as they were checking the catch, but he just marched past him. Probably knew it was taken cleanly. wkt (1-28) min (24m). Roy c Latham b Matt Henry 17(20) [4s-3]
5.3
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, now that is the perfect delivery. Get it full, get it to swing and don't try the scrambled seam delivery, maybe use it as a variation when you can move the ball in the air. Roy wanted to drive through the off-side, beaten by the swing
5.2
Matt Henry to Roy, FOUR, Henry wants the ball to swing, so gives it decent hang time, Roy leans forward and drives nicely along the ground to the left of cover. The runs are starting to flow. Won't be long before the second slip is moved out to short cover if this continues
5.1
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, fullish and swinging away outside off stump, Roy drives to mid-off
4.6
Boult to Bairstow, no run, confident defence back to the bowler is followed by a loud "wait on" from Bairstow
4.5
Boult to Bairstow, FOUR, Boult tried to follow up the bumper with a full delivery, but bowls a freebie full toss and Bairstow easily cover-drives for four. New Zealand need to be a lot tight
4.4
Boult to Bairstow, no run, short delivery, to mix things up, Bairstow ducks under it
4.3
Boult to Bairstow, FOUR, neat drive, the timing could have been better he'd say, but the shot was good enough for the DJ to play "Wake me up." Big gap at cover-point and Bairstow threaded that ball to the boundary, first of the day for him
4.2
Boult to Bairstow, no run, again can't negate the big inswingers from Boult. Luckily for Bairstow this was back of a length, so had enough height to rule out LBW as it hit him in line with the sticks
4.1
Boult to Bairstow, no run, nice inswinger from Boult, Bairstow covers the line and flicks to square leg
3.6
Matt Henry to Roy, 2 runs, advances and mistimes the loft. Roy wants to break the shackles, but isn't able to. Toe-ends this short of length delivery and it clears the man at mid-on
3.5
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Roy turns it to leg
3.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 1 run, plays with an angled bat and dabs to third man
3.3
Matt Henry to Roy, 1 run, full and angling in on the stumps, Roy flicks through backward square leg
3.2
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, beaten again! This is the outswinger, wonder why Matt Henry doesn't bowl these often. Been mainly trying to seamers, but there's a lot of swing on offer. Roy poked at this away going ball, just missed the edge
3.1
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, nip-backer outside off stump, but not close enough to make Roy play
2.6
Boult to Roy, 1 run, now he strangely stays leg-side and watches the ball closely as it swings into him, drives straight, mid-off cuts it off
2.5
Boult to Roy, FOUR, this is a great response from Roy. Walks at the bowler and Boult naturally shortens the length, Roy plays those drives/punches with those rubber wrists, bottom-handed back foot drive through cover-point
2.4
Boult to Roy, no run, oh ho ho! Look at that ball. This bloke was powering bowlers at will, now he's made to look like a club batsman. Roy didn't read this inswinger at all, was yorker length, spotted very late and tried to react, didn't offer a shot and the ball sneaked through between his legs as he tried to avoid damage on his foot. He's so lucky that the ball didn't take the leg stump out
2.3
Boult to Bairstow, 1 run, almost dragged on! Boult searching for swing and bowling full, Bairstow was fooled on the drive, thick inside edge misses the sticks
2.2
Boult to Bairstow, no run, inswinger from back of a length, Bairstow misses the defence, the ball hits the pad and rolls into the on-side
2.1
Boult to Bairstow, no run, late swing almost going through Bairstow, full in length, so Bairstow couldn't really adjust, brought the bat down late and managed to play it to leg
2.1
Boult to Bairstow, wide, that's way outside off stump, easy call for the ump
1.6
Matt Henry to Roy, FOUR, lovely straight drive. That will get him going. Matt Henry overpitched, but didn't get any movement, so landed right in the slot for Roy to power it down the ground for four
1.5
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, punched off the back foot to mid-off
1.4
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, Roy goes the Guptill way to unsettle the bowler - run down the pitch and force him off lines. Henry shortens the length, Roy tucks to mid-wicket
1.3
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, now Henry threatens the outside edge. This is brilliant bowling from New Zealand. Short of a length delivery this time, Roy was on the back foot to punch, the ball jags away late to beat the batsman all ends up
1.2
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, oh cut him in half. How did that miss the off stump? Good length delivery pitching just outside off stump and nipping back in sharply, Roy had no clue on the defence, the ball missed the inside edge and almost shaved the outside of off stump
1.1
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, fullish delivery on the stumps, Roy flicks it to mid-wicket
0.6
Boult to Bairstow, no run, tucked into the on-side
0.5
Boult to Bairstow, no run, hit the pad, but it swung too much, would have missed leg, Bairstow failing to meet the glance on that occasion
0.4
Boult to Bairstow, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Bairstow defends to the right of the bowler
0.3
Boult to Bairstow, no run, nice leave, covers the stumps and lets it pass on the angle, wouldn't have hit the sticks even if it had swung
0.2
Boult to Roy, 1 run, first runs on the board, thanks to a thickish outside edge as Roy pushes this full delivery off the front foot, rolls wide of backward point
0.1
Boult to Roy, no run, "I can't believe that, I can't believe that... First ball of the innings," exclaims Ian Smith on air. What a start from Boult. This is a brilliant inswinger from Boult, pitching on good length and moving back in a long way, Roy was comprehensively beaten by the movement, impact in line with leg stump. Ump Erasmus gave that not-out, otherwise Roy should have been walking back on umpire's call even with the DRS. To be very honest, that looked really good to be given out real-time. England and Roy very lucky
Commentary
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root, Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson,Henry Nicholls
