48.6
Mark Wood to Behrendorff, out Bowled!! Timberrrrrrrr!! The ideal delivery to a tailender, the inch-perfect yorker from Wood with loads of pace on it. Poor Behrendorff had no clue as he hung back deep in the crease, expecting to keep it out but just doesn't have the skill set to do so. Not his fault really, this would have got most specialist batsmen wkt (10-223) min (10m). Behrendorff b Mark Wood 1(4)
48.5
Mark Wood to Lyon, 1 run, low full toss and Lyon bunts it through the covers for a single
48.4
Mark Wood to Lyon, 2 runs, shortish and angling into the hips, Lyon gets across and controls the pull through backward square leg
48.3
Mark Wood to Behrendorff, 1 run, shortish and closer to the off pole, Behrendorff hangs back and steers this down to third man
48.2
Mark Wood to Lyon, 1 run, skids from a shorter length and Lyon looks to pull but gets a faint under edge onto the pad as this trickles towards cover
48.1
Mark Wood to Lyon, no run, beaten! Short of a length outside off, Lyon chases it with an open-faced dab
47.6
Woakes to Behrendorff, no run, shortish and outside off, Behrendorff stays back and pats this to cover
47.5
Woakes to Behrendorff, no run, fuller and angling in on middle and leg, Behrendorff bunted out towards mid-on
47.4
Woakes to Lyon, 1 run, direct hit and Behrendorff was gone! He's lucky that Archer couldn't hit the target at the keeper's end. Lyon nudges this towards backward point and there never was a run there
47.3
Woakes to Lyon, no run, angling in from a good length, Lyon hangs back and defends it to cover
47.2
Woakes to Starc, out Caught by Buttler!! Twin blows and these are decisive strikes from England. Both set batsmen are gone in successive deliveries and these could be significant to the final score. Was on a good length, angling across Starc who just had a wild swing at it. All he got was a faint nick through to Buttler who isn't going to miss these. Woakes' dream day continues wkt (9-217) min (45m). Starc c Buttler b Woakes 29(36) [4s-1 6s-1]
47.1
Woakes to Smith, out Smith Run Out!! Freakish stuff from Buttler! He had to get across and cover a bit of distance, and the throw was at the farther end as well but such is his skill that he hits the target under pressure. Smith was always struggling in case of a direct hit, especially after the initial stutter in the single and in the end, he is a goner. Cracking stuff from England's vice captain wkt (8-201) min (111m). Smith run out (Buttler) 85(119) [4s-6]
46.6
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Smith sits back and pulls it away to deep mid-wicket
46.5
Mark Wood to Starc, 1 run, top edge but safe! Starc got hurried by the short ball as he looked to pull but is lucky as the skier falls in no man's land. Invaluable 50-run stand for Australia!
46.4
Mark Wood to Starc, no run, middle and leg line from a length, Starc tucks it softly towards mid-wicket
46.3
Mark Wood to Starc, 2 runs, another brace! On the pads this time and Starc tickles it fine down the leg-side. Plunkett in the deep did well to get across to his left with a dive
46.2
Mark Wood to Starc, 2 runs, good running and they get an easy two. Starc hung back to this one and worked it softly through mid-wicket. In the gap and these two are brisk betwen the wickets
46.1
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, quite fuller and straighter, Smith wanted to swipe over mid-wicket but all he could manage was an inside edge onto the pad as this trickled to the leg-side
45.6
Woakes to Smith, leg byes, 1 run, close shave for Smith! Got deceived by the length and was stuck on the crease as this crashed into his pad with nowhere to go. Luckily for him, umpire Kumar Dharmasena didn't raise the finger and despite England's review, that couldn't be overturned as HawkEye showed it to be just clipping leg stump. Luck with Smith for now
45.5
Woakes to Starc, 1 run, banged in short on leg stump, Starc swivels and pulls well but there is a deep square leg in place
45.4
Woakes to Starc, no run, no pace at all on this shorter delivery and Starc toe-ends the flat-batted shot towards mid-off
45.3
Woakes to Starc, no run, angling across from a good length on off stump, Starc defends well from the crease
45.2
Woakes to Smith, 1 run, kept a bit low! Smith was expecting the shorter length but this was slightly fuller and also skidded through with not much bounce. He managed to crouch and adjust, to manipulate it behind square leg
45.1
Woakes to Starc, 1 run, short of a good length around off, Starc glides it down to third man
44.6
Plunkett to Smith, FOUR, neat placement! Fraction too short and although it was outside off, Smith was waiting for it. Swatted the pull and once he got it past mid-wicket, a boundary was there for the taking. 14 off the over!
44.5
Plunkett to Starc, 1 run, back of a length and slanting in on middle and leg, Starc works it away behind square leg and they initially thought of the second run but Bairstow near the fence is quick to the ball and fires in a bullet throw
44.4
Plunkett to Starc, no run, shortish and wide outside off, Starc cuts really well but straight to backward point
44.4
Plunkett to Starc, wide, slower bouncer but it's too high and completely over Starc's head
44.3
Plunkett to Smith, 1 run, shorter again and around leg stump, Smith shuffles on the back foot and glances it down to fine leg
44.2
Plunkett to Starc, 1 run, angling into the pads this time, Starc clips it behind square leg for a single
44.1
Plunkett to Starc, SIX, spanked away! Another clean strike from Starc who picked the slower ball and blasted it over mid-off. With the field up, it was a wise shot and it goes all the way. Handy runs these from Starc, will also calm Smith down at the other end
43.6
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, angling into Smith who is cramped on the back foot flick, finds mid-wicket
43.5
Mark Wood to Starc, 1 run, attacks the off pole with a skiddy length ball and Starc jams it onto the pitch near him. Well-judged single, good call from Smith
43.5
Mark Wood to Starc, wide, loses his radar this time and feeds this shorter length ball way down the leg-side
43.4
Mark Wood to Starc, no run, lovely bouncer, pacy and well-directed, nothing much Starc can do except evade it, and he does that well, just
43.3
Mark Wood to Starc, no run, fuller and angling in on the pads, tucked gently towards mid-wicket
43.2
Mark Wood to Starc, FOUR, cracking shot! Overpitched from Wood and that was a risk with mid-off up. Starc holds his shape and bludgeons the straight drive with oodles of power on it
43.1
Mark Wood to Starc, no run, almost the near perfect yorker, tails in a fraction as Starc digs it out to mid-wicket
42.6
Plunkett to Smith, 2 runs, short and wide once more, and this time Smith delays the cut to beat the diving backward point fielder. Wood at third man gets across to make a good stop
42.5
Plunkett to Smith, no run, slower and shorter with loads of width, Smith doesn't have any pace to work with and the cut finds point
42.4
Plunkett to Smith, no run, on that shorter length again, middle and off, Smith stays back and defends it softly
42.3
Plunkett to Starc, 1 run, short of a length on middle and leg, Starc gets across and clips it away to deep backward square leg
42.2
Plunkett to Smith, 1 run, was that a chance? Smith put on the dive as Root's throw at the bowler's end missed the stumps at the bowler's end. Might have just made it I guess. Smith lost all the timing on the pull and this trickled to mid-wicket where Root made a fumble. You don't run off misfields do you but these two got tempted into it and what nearly undid Smith was the fact that he had to round around Plunkett. Nearly cost him
42.1
Plunkett to Starc, 1 run, banged in short into Starc who fends it away down towards fine leg
41.6
Mark Wood to Starc, 1 run, they pinch a single. Wood got this to lift from a short length but Starc did equally well to ride the bounce. Patted it gently towards point and they scampered through
41.5
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, off stump line and Smith with that shuffle of his, manages to clip it away down to fine leg
41.4
Mark Wood to Starc, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Starc stays back and steers it down to third man
41.3
Mark Wood to Smith, leg byes, 1 run, more of the shorter length, angling into Smith who deflects it off the pads towards mid-wicket
41.2
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, banged in short and Smith ducks promptly under the bumper
41.1
Mark Wood to Starc, leg byes, 1 run, tight run but they get it comfortably in the end. Leg stumpish and Starc couldn't get the flick away as it dribbled off the pads near him. Smith was quick to call his partner across for the single
40.6
Plunkett to Starc, 1 run, very full and angling in on Starc who clears his front leg for the slog. Drags it off the inside half down to long-on
40.5
Plunkett to Starc, no run, past the outside edge! Short of a length and with a bit of width, Starc fancied the cut but couldn't connect
40.4
Plunkett to Starc, no run, slightly fuller this time and angling in on middle and off, Starc blocks it on the front foot
40.3
Plunkett to Starc, no run, just short of a good length and Starc miscues the flat-batted hit towards mid-off
40.2
Plunkett to Starc, no run, slanting in on a good length, Starc stays back and dabs it towards the mid-on region
40.1
Plunkett to Starc, no run, fuller and around middle, Starc drives well with a straight bat but can't beat mid-on
39.6
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, hangs back to the shorter length and pats it softly towards Wood
39.5
Mark Wood to Starc, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Starc hangs back and guides it down to third man
39.4
Mark Wood to Starc, no run, fuller and outside off, Starc drives on the up but can't beat cover
39.3
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, sprayed onto the pads, Smith walks across and tickles it down to fine leg
39.2
Mark Wood to Smith, 2 runs, back of a length again outside off, Smith sits back and forces it past the extra cover field. Quite a bit of work for the sweeper cover fielder
39.1
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, can't connect! Smith is cramped on the back foot punch as this comes in with the angle from Wood on a good length
38.6
Jofra Archer to Starc, no run, banged in short and it kicks up off the deck as Buttler leaps to collect. Archer is done, brilliant figures of 10-0-32-2!
38.5
Jofra Archer to Starc, 2 runs, fuller and angling into Starc who clips it away past mid-wicket for a brace
38.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, back of a length this time, Smith rises on his toes and pushes this into the tiny gap at cover
38.3
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, short of a length closer to off, Smith dabs it off the back foot to point
38.2
Jofra Archer to Starc, 1 run, shortish and closer to off stump, Starc gets a bottom edge that trickles past the diving first slip, down to third man
38.1
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Smith stays back and pats it towards cover
37.6
Adil Rashid to Starc, no run, and again! Starc will be heaving a sigh of relief that Rashid's spell is done for the day. Flatter googly this time, forced Starc on the back foot and the turn does him in, along with bounce
37.5
Adil Rashid to Starc, no run, beaten! Sharp googly and spins with a lot of fizz as well. Starc pushed at it with no clue at all. Lucky to survive
37.4
Adil Rashid to Pat Cummins, out Caught by Root!! Brilliant grab from Rootttttttttt!! It went flat and low at him at first slip, but he didn't panic and reacted sharply to take it. Superb catching and Rashid has his third. His strikes have definitely turned things around after that Smith-Carey partnership. This was the googly and Cummins didn't pick it as he camped back to play at it. Got a bottom edge of sorts and these generally aren't easy to take but Root got hold of it wkt (7-166) min (11m). Pat Cummins c Root b Adil Rashid 6(10)
37.3
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, flatter and outside off, Smith sits back and punches it to sweeper cover
37.2
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, crowd catch as Stokes mocks a celebration to satisfy the excited crowd. Bump ball clearly. Was tossed up by Rashid and Smith jammed the drive on the bounce to extra cover
37.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, flighted on middle and leg, Smith gets across and blocks it well
36.6
Jofra Archer to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, very full and onto the pads, Cummins glances it away to the left of fine leg and they sneak the second as well
36.5
Jofra Archer to Pat Cummins, no run, pops up again but lands onto the pitch near Cummins who had no clue on this one that gripped a bit from a shorter length
36.4
Jofra Archer to Pat Cummins, no run, shortish and outside off, Cummins wants to ramp this one but can't connect
36.3
Jofra Archer to Pat Cummins, no run, nearly carried to Archer! The knuckle ball again and like it did to Maxwell, deceived Cummins totally as he checked his defensive push
36.2
Jofra Archer to Pat Cummins, no run, very full and slanting in on middle and leg, Cummins checks his drive towards mid-on
36.1
Jofra Archer to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, angling in from a shortish length, Cummins hangs back and pushes at it with soft hands. Opened bat face as well to get it wide of backward point
35.6
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, floated up outside off, Smith leans across and drives it towards extra cover
35.5
Adil Rashid to Pat Cummins, 1 run, drops it short and wider outside off, Cummins stays back and slaps it down to long-off
35.4
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, the slider that skids through after pitching, Smith hangs back and crouches just a bit to pull this to deep mid-wicket
35.3
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, drifting in around middle and leg, Smith gets on the front foot and blocks to short mid-wicket
35.2
Adil Rashid to Pat Cummins, 1 run, slower and wider, Cummins leans forward and drives through point
35.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, drifting in from outside off, Smith gets across on the back foot and nudges it towards mid-wicket
34.6
Jofra Archer to Pat Cummins, no run, fuller and wider outside off, Cummins jams it out towards point
34.5
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, out Caught by Morgan!! Clever from Archer and he's broken through here! After having operated at high pace and at a shorter length all through the over, he slips in the slower ball on a good length. Grips a bit off the deck and totally outsmarts Maxwell who didn't pick it at all. He was trying to push at it with hard hands and by the time he could realize the variation, it was too late. Lobbed a dolly to Morgan at cover. Maxwell was threatening to blaze away but England have him just when they would have wanted to wkt (6-157) min (23m). Maxwell c Morgan b Jofra Archer 22(23) [4s-2 6s-1]
34.5
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, wide, another erratic bouncer from Archer, it's high once again and sails over Maxwell
34.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, shuffles a bit and flicks this good length ball towards deep mid-wicket
34.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, wide, the bouncer attempt but it's too high and well over Smith's head
34.3
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, straighter and shorter, Smith shuffles a bit and finds backward square leg with the flick
34.2
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, 1 run, on that length just outside off, Maxwell drives through point off the front foot
34.1
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, nearly played on! Fuller and Smith wanted to drive through the off-side, probably went with hard hands and hence, squirted a thick inside edge, that just went past leg stump towards fine leg
33.6
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, tossed up generously, too full and Smith drives it down to long-off to retain strike
33.5
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, 1 run, slightly short again and Maxwell rocks back to slap this to sweeper cover
33.4
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, FOUR, Maxwell is certainly looking to counterattack here. Got the long hop he wanted and sat back to pummel the pull over mid-wicket. This time a firmer strike and Bairstow had no chance
33.3
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, sliding into the pads, Maxwell sits back and clips towards mid-wicket
33.2
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, flatter and around middle, defended off the back foot towards Rashid
33.1
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs, superb work by Bairstow near the cow corner fence. Had to cover a lot of ground, sprinting to his left from deep mid-wicket and timed the slide to perfection to save a brace. Was a fine shot from Maxwell to begin with, got across a bit to the flighted delivery and pumped it over mid-wicket with a clean bat swing. Nearly found the gap well
32.6
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, 1 run, fuller and on the pads, Maxwell gets across to wrist it away to the left of deep square leg
32.5
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, short of a good length and it's punched off the back foot through point
32.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, continues to hit the hard length, Smith camps back and defends
32.3
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, play and a miss! Slower ball this time, Smith didn't pick it I reckon as he looked to push at it. Beaten on the outside edge
32.2
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, angling in from a shortish lengthm Smith walks across for that trademark flick but can't beat backward square leg who's placed specifically for this
32.1
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, starts with a fractionally shorter delivery, Smith doesn't offer a shot
31.6
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, driven straight to cover
31.5
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, blocked back with a straight bat
31.4
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, SIX, Maxwell is not going to hold himself back. He knows only one way to play! It was a flighted delivery, Maxwell takes a good stride forward, reaches close to the ball, keeps his shape and larrups it over long-on for a maximum. High and handsome!
31.3
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, gets his line wrong, it was down the leg-side and Smith clips it to fine leg
31.2
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, now, a wrong 'un, Smith reads it off the pitch, plays it late and defends it to the off-side
31.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, fuller and on the stumps, defended to the off-side
30.6
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, no run, again, a short one. Maxwell was in no mood to take him on this time and he ducks under it
30.5
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, no run, beauty! In that corridor of uncertainty, it nips away just a touch and beats the outside edge of Maxwell who played inside the line of the ball
30.4
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, FOUR, he knew that at some point Jofra Archer will bang in short and he was anticipating that. Gets in a good position and absolutely nailed the pull shot wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
30.3
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, no run, another delivery attacking the stumps, Maxwell hops just a touch to get behind the line and defends it back
30.2
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Maxwell gets behind that delivery and defends it back with a straight bat
30.1
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, slower one to start his spell, it was on the pads and Smith nudges it to the on-side
29.6
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, around off with a bit of away spin, blocked to the off-side. Excellent over from Adil Rashid!
29.5
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, fuller and spinning away from Maxwell, he goes on the back foot and blocks it to the off-side
29.4
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, lovely flight, it spins away, takes the outside edge again. But it was wide of slip again
29.3
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, no run, goes on the back foot and pushes it back to Adil Rashid
29.2
Adil Rashid to Maxwell, 2 runs, that's edged but it was wide of Root at slip! Adil Rashid flights this one nicely, Maxwell was tempted to drive at it. It clipped the outside edge but ended up just wide of the slip
29.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, knocks it down the ground for a single
28.6
Stokes to Smith, 1 run, moves across and clips it to the on-side
28.5
Stokes to Smith, FOUR, drives and drives well, beats the man at cover and it races to the fence. Stokes needs to drag his length a touch, it was way too full
28.4
Stokes to Maxwell, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Maxwell moves across and tucks it to the on-side
28.3
Stokes to Maxwell, no run, fuller and wide of off, Maxwell fails to get his bat down in time and it beats him for pace
28.2
Stokes to Smith, 1 run, steers it to third man for a single. He was squared up a touch and it came off the outside edge
28.1
Stokes to Smith, 2 runs, moves across Smith tucks it wide of deep backward square leg for a brace
27.6
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, out Lbw!! That's why wrist-spinners are so vital! Double strike for Adil Rashid and England are bossing this game again! It was a sharp wrong 'un, Stoinis fails to read it. He was beaten on the inside edge by a long way. It struck him on the back thigh and looked close. Umpire Kumar Dharmasena agreed with Adil Rashid and raised his finger. Concerned faces in Australian camp as Stoinis walks back for a duck. It has been a disaster of a WC for Stoinis with the bat. The replay is in and it was umpire's call on both impact and hitting the stumps. So, review wouldn't have saved him wkt (5-118) min (4m). Stoinis lbw b Adil Rashid 0(2)
27.5
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, no run, very full and wide of off, Stoinis steers it to the off-side
27.4
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, punches to long-on and he reaches his fifty! Australia needed him to deliver and so far he has, he needs to carry on though!
27.3
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, defended to the off-side
27.2
Adil Rashid to Carey, out Caught by (sub)James Vince!! Oh no, Carey has hit that straight to the fielder. He can't believe it, looks down and then walks back. He comes down the track, fails to reach the pitch of it but still went through with the lofted shot. It was a half-hearted one but Carey only relies on timing, fails to clear the man at deep mid-wicket where Vince takes a fine catch. A timely wicket for England and look at the ecstacy on Adil Rashid's face wkt (4-117) min (94m). Carey c (sub)James Vince b Adil Rashid 46(70) [4s-4]
27.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, driven wide of cover but Stokes made up the ground quickly, dives and stops a boundary. They will take a single
26.6
Stokes to Carey, no run, defended to cover
26.5
Stokes to Carey, no run, beaten for pace again! It was down the leg-side, Carey went for a flick, gets beaten. It hits his pads and deflects to the on-side
26.4
Stokes to Carey, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Carey was looking for a cut shot. He was beaten for pace and it ends up defeating his outside edge
26.3
Stokes to Carey, 2 runs, bangs this one short, it was wide of off and Carey pulled it wide of deep mid-wicket for a couple
26.2
Stokes to Carey, no run, fuller and wide of off, clipped to mid-on
26.1
Stokes to Smith, 1 run, extra bounce for Stokes and Smith steers it down to third man. 100-run partnership comes up! Excellent display of grit and determination from Smith and Carey! Australia were in all sorts of trouble when these two came together and they have done their absolute best to take Australia out of it
25.6
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, lots of flight and it was spinning away from Smith, he goes back and punches it to sweeper cover
25.5
Adil Rashid to Carey, 1 run, another wrong 'un, Carey backs away, makes room and steers it fine of short third
25.4
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, this one spins back in and Smith drives it down the ground
25.3
Adil Rashid to Carey, 1 run, punches it to sweeper cover
25.2
Adil Rashid to Carey, FOUR, oh! These wicket keepers, they all know how to sweep! Goes down on his knees and belts it wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary. Good connection!
25.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, punched down the ground to long-on
25.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, wide, another wide! England have been sloppy with their lines in the last few overs. This was way wide of off
24.6
Plunkett to Carey, no run, fuller and around off, it keeps a shade low. Carey adjusts well and pushes it to cover
24.5
Plunkett to Carey, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Carey comes on the front foot and drives it on the up, straight to mid-off
24.5
Plunkett to Carey, wide, gets the slower one wrong, it was down the leg-side. Wide called!
24.4
Plunkett to Carey, no run, fuller and wide of off, Carey went for a drive away from the body. It came back in, clipped the inside edge and struck him on the thigh pad
24.3
Plunkett to Smith, 1 run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Smith moves across and tucks it to the on-side
24.2
Plunkett to Carey, 1 run, punched to sweeper cover to hand over the strike to Smith
24.2
Plunkett to Carey, wide, jhds 100 comes up for Australia. This has been a good fightback from them! Wayward delivery down the leg-side, wide called
24.1
Plunkett to Smith, 1 run, on a good length and nipping back into Smith, he tucks it with the angle to the on-side
23.6
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, very full and not a lot of turn, Smith drives it to long-off
23.5
Adil Rashid to Smith, 2 runs, flighted and turning away from Smith, he plunges forward and drives it wide of cover for a couple
23.4
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, flatter and on the stumps, pushed to cover
23.3
Adil Rashid to Smith, 2 runs, slower and spinning away from Smith, he allows it to spin and taps it wide of cover. A wild throw from Morgan at the non striker's end, it was way off the stumps and it will result in an extra run
23.2
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, fuller and on the stumps, pushed back to Adil Rashid
23.1
Adil Rashid to Carey, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Carey uses the wrists to flick it to long-on
22.6
Plunkett to Smith, no run, down the leg-side, it clipped the pads and ends up at Buttler
22.5
Plunkett to Smith, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Smith cuts it ferociously, Stokes at backward point dives and stops from saving it
22.4
Plunkett to Carey, 1 run, pushed to mid-off and they will take a single
22.3
Plunkett to Carey, no run, clips it to the on-side
22.2
Plunkett to Carey, FOUR, wow! This fellow reminds of Michael Hussey! Similar stride forward, leans into it on that overpitched delivery and flays into the drive like a boss. It beats cover and reaches the fence in a flash!
22.1
Plunkett to Carey, no run, fuller and wide of off, Carey punches it straight to cover
21.6
Adil Rashid to Carey, 1 run, this one was spinning into Carey, he lets it turn and pushes it with soft hands to short cover. A quick single taken!
21.5
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, punches it to long-on where Roy slips now, single taken
21.4
Adil Rashid to Carey, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Carey pushes it to the off-side
21.3
Adil Rashid to Carey, 2 runs, goes down on his knees and went for the sweep, connects it fine and gets it fine of fine leg for a brace
21.2
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, driven back, Adil Rashid slips just at the wrong line and it went through him. They will take a single
21.1
Adil Rashid to Carey, 1 run, comes down the track, reaches close to the pitch of it and plays a semi-helicopter down the ground to long-on
20.6
Plunkett to Carey, 1 run, errs in line this time, it was down the leg-side and Carey clipped it to deep backward square leg
20.5
Plunkett to Carey, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Carey stays put in the crease and defends it straight to cover
20.4
Plunkett to Carey, no run, blocked back
20.3
Plunkett to Smith, 1 run, he was looking to work it to the on-side, it nips away just a touch and Smith gets squared up. Outside half of the bat takes it to backward point where Stokes misfields and that allows a run to be taken
20.2
Plunkett to Smith, no run, fuller and wide of off, driven back to Plunkett
20.1
Plunkett to Smith, no run, fuller and around off, Smith drives it back with a straight bat
19.6
Adil Rashid to Carey, no run, pushed back to the bowler
19.5
Adil Rashid to Carey, FOUR, in the airrrr but wide of the fielder at cover. It has been that kind of a WC for Carey, everytime he has hit in the air, he has managed to find the gap. Ball held in the surface a bit hence it produced a false shot but he got enough bat on it to loft it over cover for a boundary
19.4
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, stays put and punches it straight to long-off
19.3
Adil Rashid to Carey, 1 run, this was a wrong 'un, gets the line wrong as it was way wide of off. It was short too and Carey flat-bats it straight down the ground
19.2
Adil Rashid to Carey, no run, drags his length back and delivers it wide, not a lot of spin on it. Carey steers it to the off-side
19.1
Adil Rashid to Carey, no run, very full and on the stumps, Carey drives it back straight to Adil Rashid
18.6
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, this one came back in with the angle, it ends up around off. Carey waits for it to arrive, opens the face of the bat and steers it wide of backward point. He will retain the strike
18.5
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, no room for Carey to free his arms and he gently nudges it to square leg
18.4
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, fuller and outside off, Carey went after it. He fails to time it as it came off the inside half of the bat
18.3
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, on a good length and coming back into Carey, blocked back off the crease
18.2
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, went a long way across the stumps and clips it to the on-side
18.1
Mark Wood to Smith, FOUR, Smith has done the dirty work and he is looking to shift gears now! It was short and was around face height, he gets on top of the ball pretty well and pulls it wide of fine leg for a boundary
17.6
Plunkett to Carey, no run, 130 kph delivery on the stumps, Carey is happy to gently push it back to mid-off
17.5
Plunkett to Carey, no run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Carey blocks it to the off-side
17.4
Plunkett to Carey, 2 runs, this one was on the pads, Carey uses his wrists to good effect and clips it wide of deep backward square leg for a brace
17.3
Plunkett to Carey, no run, on a good length and around off, Carey comes on the front foot and pushes it straight to backward point
17.2
Plunkett to Smith, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Smith gently steers it to third man
17.1
Plunkett to Carey, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
16.6
Mark Wood to Smith, FOUR, beautifully played - Smith is slowly getting into the zone, this was full and this was wide of off, he leant into the drive, opened the face of the bat at the last moment and crashed it behind square on the off-side for a boundary
16.5
Mark Wood to Smith, 2 runs, Wood comes from wide of the crease and angles one onto Smith's pads, tucked backward of square on the on-side for a couple of runs
16.4
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, the bouncer from Wood, Smith half-ducks under it and lets it go
16.3
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Smith rides the bounce and punches it to cover
16.2
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, Wood shortens his length around off, Carey was half-forward in defence, gets an inside edge onto the thigh-pad, called for a quick single and he hares across towards the other end
16.1
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, short of a length and angling into the left-hander, Carey presses across and turns it to mid-wicket
15.6
Plunkett to Smith, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, Smith prods across and defends
15.5
Plunkett to Carey, 3 runs, lovely, he's battled hard - despite a swollen face, overpitched and just outside off, Carey leans forward, presents the full face and drives it to the left of mid-off - Roy tumbles and makes a half-stop and then it needs another acrobatic slide from Wood to prevent the boundary
15.4
Plunkett to Carey, no run, fraction fuller and on off, Carey gets a good stride forward and defends it to the left of mid-off
15.3
Plunkett to Carey, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Carey leans forward and blocks with a straight bat
15.2
Plunkett to Smith, 1 run, on a good length and on Smith's pads, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
15.1
Plunkett to Smith, FOUR, cracking shot - Australia started the day's play with a boundary, they have started a new session with another boundary. This is an exquisite drive, overpitched and at the stumps, a gentle start from Plunkett - Smith leans forward, presents the full face and drives it back past the non-striker
14.6
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Carey gets on top of the bounce and guides it towards backward point
14.5
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, fuller length delivery and a hint of late shape away from the right-hander, Smith was completely opened up - not for the first time today, as he drove, squirted off the outside edge to third man
14.4
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Carey drops it in front of backward point for a quick single
14.3
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, another bouncer from Wood, Carey ducks under it and lets it go - called as the second for the over
14.2
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, the bouncer from Wood, Carey was thinking about the pull, but then he resists and lets it go
14.1
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, short of a length and just outside off, Carey rides the bounce and keeps it down towards backward point
13.6
Stokes to Smith, 2 runs, back of a length and well wide of off, Smith plays with an open face and runs it behind backward point - was always coming back for the second run with Rashid well wide at third man
13.5
Stokes to Smith, 2 runs, more runs for Smith, tad too short and well outside off, he prods across and clips it wide of mid-wicket for a couple of runs
13.4
Stokes to Smith, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Smith presses across and defends it back at the bowler
13.3
Stokes to Smith, no run, short of a good length and holding its line outside off, Smith covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
13.2
Stokes to Smith, FOUR, cracking shot, fraction too short and Smith is all over it like a rash, swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it in front of square on the on-side for a boundary
13.1
Stokes to Carey, 1 run, short of a length and on Carey's pads, worked wide of mid-wicket for a single
12.6
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, peach, much better from Wood, on a good length and it kept coming back into the right-hander, Smith was pressing forward in defence, the ball straightened at the last moment and burst past the outside edge
12.5
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, short of a length and holding its line outside off, left alone
12.5
Mark Wood to Smith, wide, Wood hasn't settled at all, full and sliding down leg-side, Smith was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
12.4
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, more brilliance in the field, this time it's Stokes, saved three runs for his team. On a good length and well wide of off, Carey leant across and laced the drive, to the right of backward point where Stokes went flying with an acrobatic tumble - gets a hand and saves three runs
12.3
Mark Wood to Carey, leg byes, 2 runs, poor ball from Wood and only an acrobatic dive from Woakes saved the boundary - short of a length and on the pads, Carey was looking to flick and missed, the ball brushed the thigh-pad and rolled away fine, would have been a boundary if not for Woakes
12.3
Mark Wood to Carey, wide, banged in short and angling down the leg-side, Carey does well to get his bat and gloves away from the line as he let it go, called as a wide
12.2
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, that's loose from Carey, Australia can't afford another wicket here, but are they looking to target Wood? On a good length and angling across the left-hander, has Carey aiming for an ambitious drive and beat his outside edge
12.1
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, Smith drives it uppishly - but finds the gap wide of cover for a single
12.1
Mark Wood to Smith, wide, and that's a wild start from Wood, late swing, but it started from miles outside off and kept going away, called as a wide
11.6
Stokes to Carey, no run, Stokes shortens his length and gets some lift from the surface, Carey prods across and defends it to the on-side
11.5
Stokes to Carey, no run, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, another good leave from Carey
11.4
Stokes to Carey, no run, Stokes shortens his length and angles this one across the left-hander, left alone
11.3
Stokes to Smith, 1 run, fraction fuller and wider of off, driven in front of square on the off-side for a single
11.2
Stokes to Smith, no run, short of a good length and in that channel outside off, Smith leans across and pushes it to the off-side
11.1
Stokes to Smith, no run, back of a length and climbing onto the right-hander, Smith was taken by surprise at the bounce, played with soft hands and drops it down the pitch
10.6
Woakes to Carey, no run, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, Carey covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
10.5
Woakes to Carey, no run, Woakes shortens his length around the leg-stump line, Carey was looking to flick and is struck high on the pad
10.4
Woakes to Smith, 1 run, short and wide of off, Smith stands tall and flays the cut towards deep point for a single
10.3
Woakes to Smith, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Smith went hard on the drive, didn't get close to the ball and the ball squirted off the inner half towards mid-wicket
10.2
Woakes to Smith, no run, fraction fuller and just outside off, Smith presents the full face of the bat and blocks it to mid-on
10.1
Woakes to Smith, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Smith prods across and defends it towards mid-on
9.6
Jofra Archer to Carey, no run, that's a good leave from Carey, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, Carey dropped his wrists at the last moment and lets it go past him
9.5
Jofra Archer to Carey, no run, the bouncer from Archer, Carey ducks under it and lets it go
9.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Smith prods across and nudges it behind square on the on-side for a single
9.3
Jofra Archer to Carey, 1 run, short of a length and on Carey's pads, clipped down towards long leg for a single
9.2
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Smith was stuck to the crease as he drove, gets a thick edge that runs away towards third man
9.1
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Smith prods across and defends it to the off-side
8.6
Woakes to Carey, FOUR, lovely, lovely drive from Carey - this should get the youngster going - floaty, friendly half-volley outside off, he leant into the drive and caressed it through extra-cover, no one moved
8.5
Woakes to Carey, no run, beauty, pitched up and slanting across the right-hander - that's Woakes' natural angle, made Carey feel for it and beat him on the outside edge
8.4
Woakes to Carey, no run, back of a length and on Carey's pads, he was looking to flick and missed, off the pad and rolled to the on-side
8.3
Woakes to Carey, no run, Woakes shortens his length and angles this one across the left-hander, left alone
8.2
Woakes to Smith, leg byes, 1 run, short of a length and angling into the right-hander, Smith was looking to flick and missed, the ball rolled off his pads towards square leg - and despite the blow, Carey is quick and alert enough to call for a leg-bye
8.1
Woakes to Smith, no run, on a good length and shaping away from outside off, Smith covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
7.6
Jofra Archer to Carey, no run, Oops, Carey cops a blow on his chin and he immediately signals towards the dressing room - nasty short ball from Archer, kept climbing onto the left-hander, Carey did all he could, hopped across, dropped his wrists and managed to drop the ball to the off-side - such was the impact that he ended up with the helmet in his hands. He's bleeding from his chin, a ripper from Archer and that would have sent shockwaves across Australia
7.5
Jofra Archer to Carey, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Carey presses forward and finds cover with the drive
7.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, good running from Smith - need to do these more to put England under some pressure, dropped a length ball in front of cover and called his partner through, there's a shy at his end, but he was home with a dive
7.3
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, on a good length and angling into Smith's pads, clipped to the right of mid-wicket where the fielder makes a scrambling stop
7.2
Jofra Archer to Carey, 3 runs, nicely played, length ball on off, Carey leans forward, presents the full face of the bat and punches it back past the non-striker, the timing is sweet and Carey gets going with three runs
7.1
Jofra Archer to Carey, no run, short of a length and holding its line outside off, Carey covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
6.6
Woakes to Smith, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, left alone
6.5
Woakes to Smith, no run, Woakes shortens his length around middle, Smith was pressing across on the flick and missed, struck high on the thigh-pad
6.4
Woakes to Smith, no run, tad fuller and holding its line outside off, Smith gets a big stride forward and defends it to the off-side
6.3
Woakes to Smith, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, Smith prods across and defends it to the on-side
6.2
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, almost - but Carey was playing with soft hands and the ball bounces well in front of Root at second slip, on a good length and a hint of shape away from off, had Carey playing and found the edge
6.1
Woakes to Handscomb, out Bowled!! This was coming - you'd think it was only a matter of time for Handscomb - his first WC match and he looked all over the place. Another delivery that nipped back in off the seam, Handscomb was once again pushing with hard hands, no feet movement and that meant he couldn't get anywhere close to the ball, off the inside edge and the ball clattered into the off-stump. A sight that England love, Australia sink into deeper trouble now wkt (3-14) min (15m). Handscomb b Woakes 4(12)
5.6
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, 1 run, Archer shortens his length outside off, Handscomb plays with soft hands and works it behind square on the off-side for a single
5.5
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, no run, short of a good length and holding its line outside off, easier leave for Handscomb
5.4
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, no run, Archer drags his length back by a fraction and gets the ball to bounce, Handscomb was pushing forward with hard hands, the ball hit the splice and rolled to the off-side
5.3
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, no run, cracker, this is an exhibition so far from Archer, pitched up in that channel outside off and held its line once again, had Handscomb feeling for the ball and beat his outside edge
5.2
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, no run, that's a beauty, unplayable from Archer, pitched on a length and threatened to come back into the right-hander, Handscomb was playing from the crease and for the angle, but this one held its line and burst past the outside edge
5.1
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Handscomb stays behind the line and defends it to the off-side
4.6
Woakes to Smith, no run, Woakes is opening up Smith like a can of worms - tad fuller and a hint of shape away from off, Smith was prodding across on the block and can't cover for the late shape - completely opened up and the ball squirted away towards backward point
4.5
Woakes to Smith, no run, on a good length and well wide of off, left alone
4.4
Woakes to Smith, no run, tad fuller and in that channel around off, a hint of a nibble and that's enough to open up Smith on the defensive push, squirted off the outer half towards cover-point
4.3
Woakes to Smith, no run, Woakes shortens his length and gets this ball to shape away from outside off, too wide of off though and Smith lets it go
4.2
Woakes to Handscomb, 1 run, on a good length and in that channel just outside off, Handscomb was half-forward on the defensive push, gets an inside edge behind square on the on-side for a single
4.1
Woakes to Handscomb, no run, another shout for LBW, Woakes was convinced, but Buttler wasn't - good call not to review - there was an inside edge and that saved Handscomb. NO feet movement as he pushed forward to one that nipped back in, the ball grazed the inside edge before crashing into the pads
3.6
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, the bouncer from Archer, Smith sways away from the line and lets it go
3.5
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, fraction fuller and around the off-stump line, Smith covers the line and defends it with a straight bat
3.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, nervy times for Smith, short of a good length and in that channel outside off, once again the feet went nowhere as Smith pushed at it, gets an inside edge onto the pads
3.3
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, loose from Smith, short of a good length and well wide of off, Smith saw the width and then his hands too ever, has a loose frail and is lucky not to have edged it
3.2
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, extra bounce for Archer - he's enjoying this Edgbaston surface - kept climbing onto Smith who does really well to ride the bounce and keep it down
3.1
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, 1 run, on a good length and angling into Handscomb's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
2.6
Woakes to Handscomb, 1 run, Handscomb will feel relieved, fuller length delivery and shaping away late, he drove it towards cover and Morgan fumbles on the stop at cover
2.5
Woakes to Handscomb, no run, loud loud shout for LBW, but Erasmus says NO. England will review. It's a fair delivery and it has struck Handscomb above the knee-roll, right on the flap of the pad and Ball-tracking returns it as 'umpire's call' on hitting the stumps. England will not lose their review. This is quite a start from England, the in-swinger from Woakes, pitched up and swung back into the right-hander, Handscomb was half-forward on his first WC delivery as he pushed forward, beaten on the inside edge and struck high on the pads - just high enough for him to survive and make Erasmus think it was going over, hitting the leg bail
2.4
Woakes to Warner, out Caught by Bairstow!! This is a sensational start from Woakes and England - another massive wicket and Australia have been hurt early. Massive lift from a length, Warner was hopping desperately as he looked to ride the bounce - but like Rahul yesterday, this was a ball he could have left. Once again caught in two minds, makes a late call to let it go by - too late, the ball catches the shoulder of the bat and flies towards first slip. A good overhead catch from Bairstow and the dangerous Warner has to depart. Superb stuff this from England - they are negating Australia's toss factor with some quick blows wkt (2-10) min (14m). Warner c Bairstow b Woakes 9(11) [4s-2]
2.3
Woakes to Warner, FOUR, lovely, can Warner lead the counter-punch for Australia? He has started very positively today, length ball on off, he leans forward, high elbow and lifts it back over the bowler's head, once bounce and over the ropes
2.2
Woakes to Warner, no run, back of a length and around the off-stump line, Warner gets behind the line and defends it back at the bowler
2.1
Woakes to Warner, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Warner hops across and defends it to the on-side
1.6
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, fraction fuller and on off, Smith prods across and pushes it to mid-on
1.5
Jofra Archer to Warner, 1 run, too short and too straight from Archer, Warner gets inside the line and clips it to long leg for a single
1.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, Smith is away with a quick single, short of a good length and just outside off, he prods across and nudges it in front of mid-on, calls his partner across for a quick single
1.3
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, Archer shortens his length outside off, Smith was half-forward on the drive, gets an inside edge towards mid-wicket
1.2
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, Archer greets Smith with a sharp bouncer, he's started really well, Smith ducks under it and lets it go
1.1
Jofra Archer to Finch, out Lbw!! Loud shout for LBW and Finch has been given OUT. He wants a review, there were two sounds, was it bat-pad or was it pad-bat? It's a fair delivery and think it's straight off Finch's pad - this looks plumb? Can't see it any other way. Ball tracking on and it's three REDS, Finch is OUT. What a start from Archer! This was pitched up and nipped back in from a length, Finch was prodding forward in defence, couldn't cover for the movement, the bat came at an angle and he got caught up on the move - struck bang in front of middle and replays showed that it was crashing into the top of middle. Finch falls for a duck and Australia lose their review as well wkt (1-4) min (6m). Finch lbw b Jofra Archer 0(1)
0.6
Woakes to Warner, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, the angle opens up Warner as he defended - played with soft hands and squirts it to the off-side
0.5
Woakes to Warner, no run, much better from Woakes, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, Warner covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.4
Woakes to Warner, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Warner gets behind the line and defends it towards backward point
0.3
Woakes to Warner, no run, fraction fuller and a hint of shape back into the left-hander, Warner leans forward on the drive, gets an inside edge towards mid-on
0.2
Woakes to Warner, no run, Woakes shortens his length and gets it to hold its line outside off, Warner covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.1
Woakes to Warner, FOUR, beautifully played, superb start from Warner, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, a real half-volley, Warner reaches out and finds the gap wide of cover, no need to run for those. A real confidence booster for Warner first-up
Commentary
Liam Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid, Jos Buttler (wk),Bairstow,Roy,Ben Stokes, Chris Woakes,Root, Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
Finch,Warner,Smith,Handscomb,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
