47.1
Mustafizur to Santner, FOUR, Santner has finished it off with a boundary. New Zealand win by 2 wickets! He punches the air in delight to celebrate the victory. It was in the slot for Santner, he plunges forward and drives it with a lot of class and elegance. It beats mid-off and canters to the fence
46.6
Saifuddin to Ferguson, FOUR, whatta time to produce the outside edge! It was on a fuller length and was on the stumps, Ferguson was looking to push it to the off-side, gets an outside edge and it runs fine of third man for a boundary. This should be the game, set and match!
46.6
Saifuddin to Ferguson, wide, two wides in a row, this is not what Bangladesh want. It ends up being down the leg-side and an easy decision of wide for the umpire
46.6
Saifuddin to Ferguson, wide, target is down to 6 courtesy that wide. It was banged in too short and it went over the head of Ferguson. Umpire gave it a wide
46.5
Saifuddin to Ferguson, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Ferguson gets behind it and blocks it back
46.4
Saifuddin to Ferguson, no run, misses the yorker, it ends up being a full-toss. Ferguson inside edges it to the on-side
46.3
Saifuddin to Matt Henry, out Bowled!! There is more drama left, folks! Bangladesh are not in a mood to give up. Their skipper said before the match that they will fight till the final ball. And his team is doing exactly that. What an effort! Saifuddin offered a juicy full-toss, Matt Henry swung hard, failed to put any bat on it. And it came back to crash onto his stumps wkt (8-238) min (16m). Matt Henry b Saifuddin 6(8) [4s-1]
46.2
Saifuddin to Santner, 1 run, short and at the body, Santner pulls it to fine leg, only 7 needed for win now
46.1
Saifuddin to Santner, 2 runs, on a good length and angling away from Santner, he punches it wide of deep cover and collects a brace
45.6
Mustafizur to Matt Henry, no run, drags his length back on this delivery, Matt Henry was late on the push and inside half of the bat takes it back onto his shoe
45.6
Mustafizur to Matt Henry, wide, on a fuller length and wide of off, Matt Henry throws his bat at it, ends up making no contact
45.5
Mustafizur to Matt Henry, no run, fuller delivery on the stumps, Matt Henry pushes it straight to mid-off
45.4
Mustafizur to Matt Henry, FOUR, Mustafizur gets his line all wrong. It was an overpitched delivery and was wide of off, Matt Henry stays put and drives it wide of mid-off for a boundary
45.3
Mustafizur to Matt Henry, no run, on a length and angling away from Matt Henry, he swings and misses
45.2
Mustafizur to Santner, 1 run, full and straight, Santner pushes the drive wide of long-on
45.1
Mustafizur to Santner, 2 runs, on a length and around off, Santner comes forward and punches it wide of point. He will come back for a brace, these are important runs for New Zealand
44.6
Saifuddin to Santner, 1 run, fuller and at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
44.5
Saifuddin to Santner, no run, on a length and slanting across the left-hander, left alone
44.4
Saifuddin to Santner, FOUR, edged and four, handy runs for New Zealand, on a good length and shaping across the left-hander, had him driving with hard hands, gets a thick edge and there's no one st slip. Costly, costly error from Bangladesh
44.3
Saifuddin to Santner, no run, huge shout for lbw but umpire is unmoved. It looked close, looked very close. It pitched on a good length and came back in off the deck, misses the inside edge of Santner. And rapped him on the pads. It pitched outside leg and that saved him
44.2
Saifuddin to Matt Henry, 1 run, drives it to sweeper cover for another run
44.1
Saifuddin to Santner, 1 run, pushes it to mid-on for a single
43.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Matt Henry, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, nudged towards mid-wicket
43.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Santner, 1 run, fuller delivery on the stumps, Santner drives it to long-off
43.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Matt Henry, 1 run, fuller and down the leg-side, Matt Henry clips it to the on-side
43.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, out Caught by Soumya Sarkar!! This is what the pressure of World Cup does to you. New Zealand are crumbling and this match is turning into a classic. Kane has a worried look on his face in the dressing room. It was an offie on the stumps, Neesham wanted to take him downtown, not the requisite power behind it. And the timing wasn't great either. Soumya Sarkar came forward and caught it with utmost ease wkt (7-218) min (54m). Neesham c Soumya Sarkar b Mosaddek Hossain 25(33) [4s-2 6s-1]
43.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, no run, fuller length delivery wide of off, Neesham drives it to cover
43.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, no run, driven to cover off the front foot
42.6
Saifuddin to Santner, no run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Santner went for a drive, misses it
42.5
Saifuddin to Colinde Grandhomme, out Caught by Rahim!! Oh dear! Oh dear! Whatta catch from Mushy and Bangladesh are still in the hunt. This is top-notch cricket from the Asian nation. It was a slower delivery on a short of length, Colinde Grandhomme wanted to play an upper cut over the keeper's bat, not enough pace on the delivery and Colinde Grandhomme failed to get enough bat behind it. Mushy leaps in the air full-stretch and snaffles it wonderfully well wkt (6-218) min (23m). Colinde Grandhomme c Rahim b Saifuddin 15(13) [4s-2]
42.4
Saifuddin to Neesham, 1 run, pushes it wide of cover for a single
42.3
Saifuddin to Neesham, no run, on a fuller length and angling away from Neesham, he mistimes the punch to backward point
42.2
Saifuddin to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, fuller length delivery down the leg-side, Colinde Grandhomme flicked it to fine leg
42.1
Saifuddin to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, edged and four! The luck is surely with the Black caps tonight. It was on a fuller length and was wide of off, Colinde Grandhomme went for a push to cover. It clipped the inside edge and went past off-stump for a boundary
41.6
Mustafizur to Neesham, no run, plays this one to the man at point
41.5
Mustafizur to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, flicks it aerially over mid-wicket but that falls in no man's land
41.4
Mustafizur to Neesham, 1 run, steered to third man by Neesham
41.4
Mustafizur to Neesham, wide, slides this one down the leg side
41.3
Mustafizur to Neesham, no run, gets behind this ball and blocks it back
41.2
Mustafizur to Neesham, FOUR, takes on fizz and connects it well. It was on a fuller length, Neesham lofts it over the in-field on the off-side for a boundary.
41.1
Mustafizur to Neesham, no run, pushes back to the off-side
40.6
Shakib to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, tossed up on a fuller length, it was wide of off too. Colinde Grandhomme plunges forward and drives it straight to cover
40.5
Shakib to Neesham, 1 run, pushes it wide of backward point and takes a single
40.5
Shakib to Neesham, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
40.4
Shakib to Neesham, no run, comes forward and pushes it back
40.3
Shakib to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, on the stumps and the batter works it to square leg. It came off the inside half of the bat
40.2
Shakib to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, this one came back in too, it raps him on the pads and deflects to the off-side. Was sliding down leg
40.1
Shakib to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, this one came back with the arm, Colinde Grandhomme wanted to punch it wide of cover. He got an outside edge and it went wide of backward point for a brace
39.6
Mortaza to Neesham, no run, full on off, pushed back to the bowler
39.5
Mortaza to Neesham, no run, nails the yorker on off from round the wicket, Neesham squeezes it out into the off-side
39.4
Mortaza to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, full outside off, CDG drives it through extra cover
39.3
Mortaza to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, pulls the short ball to the right of mid-wicket
39.2
Mortaza to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, good length outside off, cut away into the off-side
39.1
Mortaza to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, serves a juicy full toss outside off, CDG thwacks it over extra cover and there's no-one protecting the fence in the deep. Take four!
39.1
Mortaza to Neesham, no ball, 1 run, the skipper has overstepped and that's the last thing you want if you are a Bangladesh fan. Neesham powers this through mid-wicket and his partner - Colinde Grandhomme - will have a freehit next ball
38.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, 1 run, hint of width outside off, Neesham drills it through extra cover and will keep strike with a single
38.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, no run, floated up on off, Neesham strides forward and blocks
38.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, quicker delivery on the stumps, punched down to long-on
38.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, out Caught by Rahim!! Strangled down leg. The choke mode is on fellas. New Zealand are making an absolute meal of this. Too poor and too casual from the senior pro. A nothing delivery from Mosaddek Hossain, full and sliding down the leg-side, Taylor looks to help it fine but gets a fine tickle which has been sharply pouched by Rahim moving swiftly to his left. Umpire Paul Reiffel took his time but the finger went up eventually, Taylor doesn't even bother reviewing and rightly so wkt (5-191) min (122m). Ross Taylor c Rahim b Mosaddek Hossain 82(91) [4s-9]
38.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, full at the stumps, turned away to mid-wicket
38.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, flat around fifth stump, driven back to the bowler
37.6
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, 2 runs, jumps down the pitch and biffs the full ball straight of long-on
37.5
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, no run, advances and flicks this off his toes to mid-wicket
37.4
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, 1 run, loopy around off, Taylor gets forward and toe-ends the on-drive wide of long-on
37.3
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, flat just outside off, forward and blocked
37.2
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, 1 run, slightly short outside off, punched off the back foot to long-on
37.1
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, no run, floated up on off, blocked into the off-side
36.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, quicker outside off, Taylor cuts and finds backward point
36.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, FOUR, flashes hard at an offbreak and the edge flies away wide of the keeper, Mustafizz gives chase and he seemed to have touched the cushions (boot) with the ball still in contact. The telly umpire confirms the same
36.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, 1 run, quicker outside off, pushed away wide of cover
36.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, FOUR, full on off-stump, Neesham gets behind and slogs it off the toe-end through mid-wicket, found the gap and no-one's stopping that
36.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, no run, hangs back and cuts late to the fielder at backward point
36.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 1 run, eased down to long-on
35.6
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, no run, flat outside off, punched to cover
35.5
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, no run, full and fast on off-stump, Neesham gets a soft leading edge on the push into the off-side
35.4
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flat on off-stump, Taylor uses his wrists to manoeuvre the ball into the vacant spaces on the leg-side. A quick single
35.3
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, 1 run, slider on the stumps, Neesham gets forward and drives to long-on
35.2
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, no run, flighted on off, forward and blocked
35.1
Mehidy Hasan to Neesham, SIX, no-one at long-on and Neesham takes the risk. Gets underneath the flighted delivery and smokes it off the middle, hit flush on the boundary hoardings
34.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, flicks and places it in the gap through mid-wicket, calls for a risky second and they make in home sans any drama
34.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, full on leg-stump, wristed to mid-wicket
34.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, 1 run, flighted outside off, pushed away wide of cover
34.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, no run, full on off, driven back to the bowler
34.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 1 run, get low and works this quicker delivery through square leg
34.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, pitches outside leg and hits Taylor on the back pad, missed the flick and the appeal goes in vain
33.6
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, 1 run, ah, game of inches they say! Neesham has been literally saved by an inch there. Taylor flicked this to the right of mid-wicket and Sabbir Rahman - the sub fielder - got there in a flash to clonk the stumps with a direct hit. He just had one stump to aim at but he smashed the base of middle and leg, Neesham seemed to be in trouble for a fleeting moment but replays confirm that he's been saved by a frame
33.5
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, attacking the stumps from a fullish length, nudged gently into the leg-side
33.4
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, draws Taylor forward and fires it into his pads, flicked straight to short fine
33.3
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, full and straight, Taylor flicks and finds mid-wicket
33.2
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, to the left of mid-wicket this time and he makes a fine diving stop
33.1
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted on off, flicked away to the right of mid-wicket
32.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, no run, pushed through outside off, blocked
32.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Neesham, no run, tossed up on off, Neesham brings his bat down straight and defends solidly down the pitch
32.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short and skidding outside off, Taylor jumps back to cut it square on the off-side
32.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, full on off-stump, pushed back to Mosaddek Hossain
32.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, wide, quicker and down the leg-side, past Taylor's flick
32.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, goes back and across and punches the quicker delivery to mid-wicket
32.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, full on leg-stump from round the wicket, played back to the bowler
31.6
Mehidy Hasan to Latham, out Caught by Saifuddin!! The moment it left the bat, Tom Latham knew it was a huge error and instantly hung his head down in embarrassment. Such was the shot selection. A half-tracker indeed from Mehidy Hasan and he bowled it into Latham's arc from round the wicket; Latham's eyes lit up and he went for the pull and completely relied on his power rather than timing. End result? A fine diving low catch at deep mid-wicket wkt (4-162) min (5m). Latham c Saifuddin b Mehidy Hasan 0(4)
31.5
Mehidy Hasan to Latham, no run, gets well forward and inside-edges the forward push onto his pad
31.4
Mehidy Hasan to Latham, no run, full on off, pushed back to the bowler
31.3
Mehidy Hasan to Latham, no run, absolute peach from Mehidy Hasan! Lands it around off from round the wicket and gets it to rip past Latham's outside edge on the forward defence
31.2
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, 1 run, full on off-stump, Taylor closes the bat face on the drive wide of mid-on
31.2
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, wide, flat and skiddy down the leg-side, Taylor doesn't bother with it
31.1
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, out Caught by Mosaddek Hossain!! Brainfade moment for KW. Or maybe he was frustrated with the fact that he wasn't getting as many boundaries as he would have liked and therfore, jumps out of his crease and tries the hoick on the leg-side. Nowhere near the pitch of the delivery and he ends up dragging the shot off the top hand, straight as a dolly to the fielder at deep mid-wicket wkt (3-160) min (108m). Williamson c Mosaddek Hossain b Mehidy Hasan 40(72) [4s-1]
30.6
Saifuddin to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length wide of off-stump, Williamson uses the width to guide a single down to third man
30.5
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, 1 run, drifts this into the pads, easy tick away for Taylor who places it through square leg
30.4
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, 128ks good length just outside off, Taylor gets across and plonks a straight bat in response
30.3
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, 108ks on and around off-stump, Taylor blocks it under his eyes
30.2
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, blocked from the crease
30.1
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, back of a length on off-stump, punched back to the bowler
29.6
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, well flighted around off, Williamson gets well forward and bunts the spin on the off-side
29.5
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, 1 run, full on off-stump, Taylor whips the drive wide of long-on
29.4
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, pitches outside leg and drifts into the pads, nudged to short mid-wicket
29.3
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, roundarm quicker delivery on the stumps, pushed back to the bowler
29.2
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, FOUR, Taylor brings up the 100-run stand with a gorgeous off-drive through extra cover. Inched forward, got close to the pitch of the fuller delivery and nailed it in the gap
29.1
Mehidy Hasan to Ross Taylor, no run, floated full outside off, Taylor checks his drive into the covers
28.6
Saifuddin to Williamson, no run, stays inside the crease and splices the defence with soft hands
28.5
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on a length just outside off, Taylor opens the bat face and glides it fine of third man
28.4
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, tucked to mid-wicket
28.3
Saifuddin to Williamson, 1 run, short at the stumps, Williamson rolls his wrists on the pull and slots it to the right of deep square
28.2
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Taylor clips it wide of mid-wicket. Fielder there did well to get a hand to it and stop it from going further. He won't be able to stop them from taking a single
28.1
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Taylor flicks it to the on-side
27.6
Shakib to Williamson, no run, Williamson comes forward and blocks it back
27.5
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, provides some room on this delivery and he slashes it hard to sweeper cover
27.4
Shakib to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Ross Taylor blocks it back
27.3
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, sliding into Williamson, he pushes it down the ground
27.2
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, very wide of off, Ross Taylor reaches for it and tonks it to sweeper cover
27.1
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, slower and wide of off, Ross Taylor rocks back and cuts it wide of sweeper cover for a couple
26.6
Saifuddin to Williamson, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Williamson flicks it to mid-wicket
26.5
Saifuddin to Williamson, 2 runs, excellent dive from Liton das at deep mid-wicket. His effort will save Bangladesh two runs. It was down the leg-side and KW flicks it wide of deep mid-wicket for a brace
26.4
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, 1 run, pushes it to mid-on and he will charge for a quick single, makes it easily in the end
26.3
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, on a fuller length and just wide of off, Ross Taylor comes on the front foot and drives it to cover
26.2
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, short and aiming on the face, Ross Taylor gets on top of the ball and powers the pull shot wide of deep backward square leg for a brace
26.1
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Ross Taylor plunges forward and drives it straight to mid-off
26.1
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
25.6
Shakib to Williamson, no run, tossed up on off, Williamson lunges forward on the block
25.5
Shakib to Williamson, no run, Shakib drifts this one back into the right-hander, Williamson lunges forward and blocks
25.4
Shakib to Williamson, no run, slower and drifting away from outside off, Williamson leans forward and pushes it to cover
25.3
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fraction too short and on Taylor's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
25.2
Shakib to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up well outside off, Taylor leans well forward in defence
25.1
Shakib to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted delivery on Taylor's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side
24.6
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Taylor drives it in front of mid-off and calls his partner across for a quick single, there's a shy at his end, but he manages to scamper home
24.6
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, wide, the bouncer from Mustafizur, but it's too short and too high, called as a wide
24.5
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, too full and on Taylor's pads, whipped behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
24.4
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, FOUR, short, wide and four, width on offer and Taylor will not let it go - gets on top of the bounce and clatters it over backward point for a boundary
24.3
Mustafizur to Williamson, 1 run, Mustafizur shortens his length outside off, pushed into the gap wide of point for a single
24.2
Mustafizur to Williamson, 2 runs, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, driven in front of square on the off-side - a sliding stop near the ropes prevents the boundary
24.1
Mustafizur to Williamson, no run, banged in short and holding its line outside off, Williamson drops his gloves and sways away from the line
23.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, clipped straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
23.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Williamson, 1 run, low full-toss on Williamson's pads, whipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
23.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Williamson, no run, fraction short and wide of off, Williamson makes room and finds cover with the cut
23.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, worked in front of square on the on-side for a run
23.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Williamson, 1 run, Williamson runs down the track, gets to the ball on the full and whips it to deep mid-wicket for a single
23.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short and wide of off, cracked square on the off-side for a single
22.6
Mustafizur to Williamson, no run, much better from Mustafizur, pitched up and the angle takes it across the right-hander, has Williamson feeling for the ball and beat the outside edge by a whisker. Hold on, there was an edge on that and it bounced in front of Rahim
22.5
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, 1 run, back of a length and angling across the right-hander, eased down towards third man for a run
22.4
Mustafizur to Williamson, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, eased behind square on the off-side for a run
22.3
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short and wide of off, dabbed down towards third man for a single
22.2
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, no run, on a good length and well wide of off, steered straight to the fielder at backward point
22.1
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, FOUR, that's easy pickings for Taylor, short and wide of off, he reached out on the cut and found the gap wide of point - the outfield takes care of the rest
21.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 1 run, pushed through flatter and well outside off, chopped square on the off-side for a single
21.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, dropped short and wide of off, cut square behind point and Taylor runs back for the second run
21.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, Mosaddek drifts one on Taylor's pads, clipped straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
21.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up just outside off, pushed back at the bowler
21.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Williamson, 1 run, flatter and on Williamson's pads, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
21.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Williamson, no run, very full and outside off, driven straight to the bowler
20.6
Mustafizur to Williamson, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, Williamson was looking to cut it late, gets a thick edge towards third man
20.5
Mustafizur to Williamson, no run, back of a length and well outside off, Williamson rides the bounce, but can't beat backward point
20.4
Mustafizur to Williamson, no run, full and wide of off, Williamson leans across and squeezes it straight to the fielder at backward point
20.3
Mustafizur to Williamson, no run, on a good length and just outside off, defended with a closed face to backward point
20.2
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Mustafizur shortens his length on middle, Taylor plays with soft hands and turns it to the on-side, rushes through after being called by his partner
20.1
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller length delivery and angling away from the right-hander, drew Taylor into the drive and beat him on the outside edge
19.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Williamson, no run, flatter and quicker from Mosaddek, Williamson steers it straight to the fielder at short third man
19.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Williamson, no run, nicely tossed up on off, Williamson leans well forward in defence
19.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, 1 run, very full and slanting across the right-hander, pushed in front of extra-cover for a single
19.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted delivery outside off, Taylor leans forward and finds cover with the drive
19.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, no run, tad short and angling across the right-hander, Taylor was looking to dab it late and missed
19.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Ross Taylor, FOUR, a sprawling stop from Soumya Sarkar, but has he saved the boundary. No, it's signalled as a boundary - a gentle short delivery from Mosaddek, Taylor waits and then cuts it late, behind square on the off-side and it runs away to the point boundary
18.6
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Taylor plays with soft hands and runs it down to third man, brings up the 50-run stand
18.5
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Taylor waits on it and defends it with soft hands
18.4
Mustafizur to Williamson, 1 run, full outside off, Williamson drives it square on the off-side for a single
18.3
Mustafizur to Williamson, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven straight to the fielder at cover
18.2
Mustafizur to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on a good length and on Taylor's pads, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
18.1
Mustafizur to Williamson, 1 run, short of a good length and well outside off, eased in front of square on the off-side for a single
17.6
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, Taylor is looking to be positive, didn't get hold of the sweep as he fetched it from well outside off, placed it in the gap wide of square leg and comes back for the second run
17.5
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, very full and at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
17.4
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 3 runs, Taylor is looking in fine touch, tad too short and wide of off, Taylor waits on it and then cuts it late, behind square on the off-side and it's a long chase for the fielder - the batsmen come back for the third
17.3
Shakib to Ross Taylor, no run, Shakib drags his length back a bit, pushed towards the bowler
17.2
Shakib to Ross Taylor, FOUR, beautifully played, tad too full and wide of off, Taylor gets close to the ball and then drives it into the gap past cover, runs away across the fast outfield
17.1
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, tossed up at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
16.6
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, 1 run, flatter and at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
16.5
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, tossed up on Williamson's pads, turned to the on-side
16.4
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, FOUR, cracking shot, tad too short from Mehidy, KW makes room and then expertly threads the gap behind square on the off-side with the cut, no need to run for those
16.3
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, Mehidy drifts one around middle, clipped straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
16.2
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, flatter and at the stumps, punched off the back-foot to mid-wicket
16.1
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, tossed up on off, Williamson lunges well forward in defence
15.6
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, very full and wide of off, Williamson takes it on the full and squeezes it behind square on the off-side for a single
15.5
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Shakib drops one short and wide of off, cracked square on the off-side for a single
15.4
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, very full and just outside off, driven in front of mid-off and Williamson scampers across for a quick single
15.3
Shakib to Williamson, no run, pushed through with the arm, Williamson makes room and punches it to mid-off
15.2
Shakib to Williamson, no run, slower and on off, Williamson gets close to the ball in defence
15.1
Shakib to Williamson, no run, tossed up slower and just outside off, Williamson leans forward and pushes it back at the bowler
14.6
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, FOUR, cracking shot, banged in short and the ball kept climbing onto the right-hander, Taylor does well to ride the bounce, rolls his wrists over and pulls iot in front of square on the on-side for a boundary
14.5
Saifuddin to Williamson, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Williamson plays close to his body and dabs it down towards third man for a single
14.4
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tad too straight from Saifuddin, worked off the hips and past square leg for a single
14.3
Saifuddin to Williamson, 1 run, fuller length delivery and a hint of shape wide of off drew Williamson into the drive and found the edge, flew through the vacant gully region
14.2
Saifuddin to Williamson, no run, Saifuddin shortens his length on off, Williamson brings his wrists into play and finds mid-wicket
14.1
Saifuddin to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of a length and well wide of off, cracked in front of square on the off-side for a single
13.6
Shakib to Williamson, no run, slower and on the leg-stump line, Williamson leans well forward on the defensive push
13.5
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Shakib drifts one on Taylor's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
13.4
Shakib to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, Taylor leans half-forward in defence
13.3
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, another appeal for a run-out? Has Taylor ran himself out? He looks confident and that's because he's in. NOT OUT is the call. Risky running from the two, nudged behind square and both set-off for a quick single, a better throw would have had Taylor short
13.2
Shakib to Williamson, no run, tossed up just outside off, Williamson leans well forward in defence
13.1
Shakib to Williamson, 2 runs, fraction short and wide of off, Williamson makes room and cuts it in front of square on the off-side, back for the second run
12.6
Mortaza to Ross Taylor, no run, back of a length delivery around middle and leg, Ross Taylor nudges it into the leg side
12.5
Mortaza to Williamson, 1 run, short and wide outside off, Williamson plays an uppish square cut and manages to get away with it. The ball just falls short of the man at point who parries it away and they get a single
12.4
Mortaza to Williamson, no run, tad short in length and it's been eased back to the bowler by Williamson
12.3
Mortaza to Williamson, no run, back of a length outside off, Williamson slices it to the man at point, crowd catch perhaps as few of the spectators cheer out loud
12.2
Mortaza to Ross Taylor, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Ross Taylor works it into the leg side
12.1
Mortaza to Williamson, 1 run, short ball around off, Williamson pulls it over mid-wicket for a single
11.6
Shakib to Ross Taylor, no run, flashes wide away from his body and gets an inside edge this time around, the ball misses the off-stump by a whisker and hits the keeper on his pads
11.5
Shakib to Ross Taylor, FOUR, that shall release some pressure! Ross Taylor walks down the wicket and smacks the floated delivery over wide mid-on, aggressive intent by Ross, he wants to deal in boundaries
11.4
Shakib to Ross Taylor, no run, bludgeons this one straight back to the bowler who parries the ball on to the stumps at his end, Williamson's bat is grounded in the crease though
11.3
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, flicks this one through mid-wicket and gets a single
11.2
Shakib to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Williamson is run-out by a long-way! But has Rahim dislodged the bails with his elbow? It certainly looks like. Both the bails seem to be in the air as the keeper disturbs the stumps with his elbow. Williamson gets a life! Such a massive reprive for the New Zealand skipper. Taylor had driven the fullish delivery to mid-on and Williamson was nowhere close to the crease when the throw came in at the keeper's end. There was never a run there. But how costly is this going to be? NZ could have been three down by now had Rahim gathered the ball behind the stumps. It might have been a direct-hit probably, that's what the replays suggest
11.1
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, flatter outside off, Williamson punches it through the gap at cover-point, takes a single
10.6
Mortaza to Ross Taylor, no run, keeps his head steady and eases it in front of covers
10.5
Mortaza to Ross Taylor, FOUR, overpitched delivery in the channel outside off, room on offer and Taylor makes most out of it. Square drives this one through cover-point and gets going, four runs for the middle order batsman
10.4
Mortaza to Ross Taylor, no run, spears in a length ball around off, Ross Taylor watches it carefully and nudges it into the leg side
10.3
Mortaza to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Williamson punches it on the up to wide mid-off and sets off for a single
10.2
Mortaza to Williamson, no run, hint of inward movement on this back of a length delivery, Williamson keeps his shape and nudges it into the leg side
10.1
Mortaza to Williamson, no run, back of a length around off, Williamson stands tall and knocks it back to the bowler
9.6
Shakib to Munro, out Caught by Mehidy Hasan!! That's a sharp catch by Mehidy and Shakib gets his second wicket. Munro wasn't convinced with the catch but the umpire sends him on his way. He thinks it's a clean grab. The southpaw had whipped the floated delivery to short mid-wicket where the fielder puts in a dive in front of him and grasps it with fingers underneath. With both the openers back to the hut, out walks New Zealand's most experienced batsman - the one and only 'Ross Taylor'. Probably playing his last World Cup, so he'd be looking forward to make an impact wkt (2-55) min (41m). Can he? Munro c Mehidy Hasan b Shakib 24(34) [4s-3 6s-1]
9.5
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, touch shorter by Shakib and Williamson beats the man at short mid-wicket with this flick
9.4
Shakib to Munro, 1 run, makes room and drills the full ball to long-on, off the mark with this single
9.3
Shakib to Munro, no run, down the leg side, loosener, Munro sweeps it crisply but fails to beat the man at short fine leg
9.2
Shakib to Munro, no run, short in length and straight in line, outside off and it's been punched to the fielder at covers, stopped with a dive
9.1
Shakib to Munro, no run, arm ball around off, straighter delivery that goes on with the angle, Munro gets a leading edge towards the off side, point to be precise
8.6
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, another good over by Bangladesh. They're keeping a lid on the scoring having scored plethora of boundaries earlier in the powerplay. Williamson waits for the floated delivery to arrive and defends it off his front foot
8.5
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, short ball around middle and leg, Williamson nudges it to the man at short mid-wicket
8.4
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, 1 run, shimmies down the wicket, does Munro and drives the floated delivery to long-off
8.3
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, no run, darted on off, keeps very low and Munro guides it back to the bowler
8.2
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, no run, short ball outside off, Munro treks back and punches it firmly to the man at cover
8.1
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, 1 run, tossed up delivery around middle and leg, Williamson knocks it down to long-on for a single
7.6
Shakib to Munro, no run, tidy stuff by Shakib as he concedes just a single in the over. Blocks the last ball off his front foot
7.5
Shakib to Munro, no run, arm ball around off, keeps low and straight, Munro tries to play across the line and gets a leading edge to the fielder at point
7.4
Shakib to Munro, no run, tad full in length around leg and Munro eases it back to Shakib
7.3
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, subtle wrists at work as Williamson manoevers the floated delivery into the gap at mid-wicket
7.2
Shakib to Williamson, no run, slider in the channel outside off, keeps a touch low and Williamson finds the man at cover-point with his back foot punch
7.1
Shakib to Williamson, no run, flatter around off, Williamson rocks back and knocks it to cover
6.6
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, FOUR, slogswept! Tossed up delivery around off, Munro gets down on his knee and slogs it over mid-wicket. There was a fielder in the deep sprinting across to his right but the timing and placement was just about enough to beat his run
6.5
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, no run, floated around off, Munro comes on his front foot and eases it back to the bowler
6.4
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, 1 run, quicker delivery by Mehidy and Williamson is quick to get into position as he flicks it through mid-wicket
6.3
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, no run, Williamson being watchful as he defends the fullish delivery off his front foot
6.2
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, 1 run, loopy delivery around off, dipping into the batsman who drives it down to long-off for a single
6.1
Mehidy Hasan to Williamson, 1 run, floated delivery around middle and leg, Williamson clips it through mid-wicket and hands over the strike to Munro
5.6
Shakib to Williamson, 1 run, flatter on middle and leg, Williamson clips it through mid-wicket and gets off the mark
5.5
Shakib to Williamson, no run, Appeal for an lbw turned down, Bangladesh review. It's the opposition skipper and Bangladesh are desperate for it. They have taken the review, and this looks to be sliding down the leg side. Yup, it is. Missing leg and Bangladesh have lost their only review. This was a floated delivery around middle and leg, it skids on and beats the batsman's defence. The impact was on middle but the angle was taking it down the leg side. Good call by the umpire, he's bang on with his decision
5.4
Shakib to Munro, 1 run, tries to play this one across the line but the ball keeps straight and a leading edge is induced, straight to point
5.3
Shakib to Munro, no run, floated delivery around middle and off, dipping into the batsman who defends it down
5.2
Shakib to Munro, SIX, smoked down the ground! Guptill is out? So what, Munro is still out there. Shimmies down the wicket and lofts it cleanly over the bowler's head. Straight as an arrow for a maximum
5.1
Shakib to Guptill, out Caught by Tamim!! The day just gets better for Shakib. Fifty earlier in the day and strikes on his first ball of the match. Invites the batsman with a gentle tossed up delivery and the opener lofts it straight to long-on. Horrible timing on the shot as Tamim settles under the skier and pouches it safely. End of a sweet little cameo by Marty  wkt (1-35) min (22m). Guptill c Tamim b Shakib 25(14) [4s-3 6s-1]
4.6
Mustafizur to Munro, no run, fullish delivery around off, Munro drives it to the fielder at covers
4.5
Mustafizur to Munro, no run, well directed bouncer by Mustafizur and Munro sways away from its line
4.4
Mustafizur to Munro, no run, bowls a yorker around middle and leg, Munro brings his bat down in time and squeezes it into the leg side
4.3
Mustafizur to Munro, FOUR, cracked through covers! Length ball in the channel outside off, Munro picks the gap on the off side and drills it with a nice punch from within the crease. Huge gap in fact!
4.2
Mustafizur to Munro, no run, overpitched delivery by the Fizz and it's been driven crisply to mid-on by Munro. Hint of movement into the batsman but well adjusted by the left-hander
4.1
Mustafizur to Guptill, 1 run, on a length around off, Guptill pushes it to the fielder at mid-off for a quick run
3.6
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, no run, flatter around middle and leg, Munro goes for a drive and gets an inside edge on to his pads
3.5
Mehidy Hasan to Guptill, 1 run, hacks this one towards long-on and gets a single
3.4
Mehidy Hasan to Guptill, no run, Guptill comes down the wicket and drives the floated ball to mid-off
3.3
Mehidy Hasan to Guptill, no run, back in his crease to nudge the flatter delivery into the leg side
3.2
Mehidy Hasan to Guptill, no run, floated around off, Guptill defends it from within the crease
3.1
Mehidy Hasan to Guptill, FOUR, swept away! No stopping Guptill, it seems. A floated delivery around middle and leg, Guptill goes down on his knee and sweeps it past the fielder at square leg. He's in a hurry
2.6
Mortaza to Munro, no run, slower delivery to end the over, length ball and it's been eased into the off side
2.5
Mortaza to Munro, FOUR, there's the first boundary of the innings for Munro. Length ball in the channel outside off and Munro punches it nicely through the gap at covers. Bisects the two fielders inside the ring and gets four more
2.4
Mortaza to Munro, no run, on a length around off, Munro knocks it to the man at cover
2.3
Mortaza to Guptill, 1 run, short ball that hurries up the batsman, Guptill goes ahead with a pull shot and gets a top-edge that falls short of the man at deep mid-wicket
2.2
Mortaza to Guptill, FOUR, stand and deliver! Short of a length around off, Guptill hammers it through mid-wicket and gets another scintillating boundary
2.1
Mortaza to Munro, 1 run, sliding down the leg side, Munro clips it to short fine leg where Tamim stops it with a dive, just a single
1.6
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, 1 run, a low full toss by Mehidy and Munro drills it down to long-off to get off the mark
1.5
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, no run, slider on middle and leg, keeps a touch low and strikes the batsman on his pads. Would have probably slipped down the leg side
1.4
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, no run, darted on a fullish length by Mehidy Hasan. Munro goes for a drive and gets an inside edge on to his pads
1.3
Mehidy Hasan to Munro, no run, low full toss around middle and leg, Munro clips it to mid-wicket
1.2
Mehidy Hasan to Guptill, 1 run, drives the tossed up delivery to long-on for a single
1.1
Mehidy Hasan to Guptill, SIX, high and handsome! He's in the same mood as he was in the last match. Latches on to the floated delivery and smokes it over wide long-on for half a dozen. Smoking!
0.6
Mortaza to Munro, no run, 'wait on' is the shout from Munro as he slices the back of a length delivery to the man at point
0.5
Mortaza to Munro, no run, rising short ball in the channel outside off, delivered from round the wicket and a slingy action, Munro camps back and punches it to the man at cover
0.4
Mortaza to Munro, no run, seaming into the batsman on back of a length, Munro stays back in his crease and guides it back to the bowler
0.3
Mortaza to Guptill, 1 run, at his hips and Guptill nudges it through square leg as he gets his partner on strike
0.2
Mortaza to Guptill, 2 runs, pulls the short ball through mid-wicket for a couple of runs, does Guptill
0.1
Mortaza to Guptill, FOUR, wastes no time does Guptill. Short ball without much pace on offer, easy for Guptill who rocks back and pulls it through mid-wicket for a cracking boundary to get off the mark in style
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Ferguson
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
