49.6
Riaz to Mark Wood, FOUR, short of length delivery down leg, paddled off the waist into the fine leg boundary. Won't be enough. England, with all their firepower, have fallen short. Famous win for Pakistan here in Nottingham
49.5
Riaz to Adil Rashid, 1 run, dug in short, holds up on the pitch and climbs on Rashid who sticks his bat up while taking his eyes off the ball. Somehow bunts a single into the on-side
49.4
Riaz to Mark Wood, 1 run, pitched up on off, driven to extra cover
49.3
Riaz to Mark Wood, no run, another yorker outside off that storms through to the keeper. Pakistan taking it home
49.2
Riaz to Mark Wood, FOUR, all eyes on the umpire as this high full toss is scythed through to the extra cover boundary. But the height's fine. Just below the waist
49.1
Riaz to Mark Wood, no run, sizzling yorker outside off, Wood beaten for pace. Top stuff from Riaz
48.6
Amir to Mark Wood, 1 run, keeps it away wide outside off, Wood fetches it off the toe-end down to long-on
48.5
Amir to Adil Rashid, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, Rashid flings his hands at it and can only manage a thick edge. Single to third man
48.4
Amir to Jofra Archer, out Caught by Riaz!! Nice, low catch from Wahab Riaz at third man. Pakistan nearly there. It's the off-cutter from Amir again, taking it wide outside off and getting the outside edge with Archer swinging hard wkt (9-322) min (6m). Jofra Archer c Riaz b Amir 1(2)
48.3
Amir to Adil Rashid, 1 run, driven only as far as sweeper cover
48.2
Amir to Adil Rashid, no run, Rashid walks well across the stumps, Amir goes even wider. Almost past the cut strip outside off, enough to beat him. The line moved with Rashid, no wide
48.1
Amir to Jofra Archer, 1 run, pitched up outside off, driven through the covers
47.6
Riaz to Woakes, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! Two in two from Wahab Riaz! He spits fire from short of length, whistling past Woakes's attempted cut, taking a faint edge on the way. Riaz leaps in delight, punches the air. Mickey Arthur's on his feet in the dressing room. Great scenes wkt (8-320) min (23m). Woakes c Sarfaraz b Riaz 21(14) [4s-1 6s-1]
47.5
Riaz to Moeen Ali, out Caught by Fakhar Zaman!! Now the Pakistani section cheers. The fortunes are swinging like a pendulum. Slower bouncer outside off which brings an apt end to Moeen Ali's miserable stay as he strangely slices it up in the air to backward point. Dolly for Fakhar Zaman wkt (7-320) min (48m). Moeen Ali c Fakhar Zaman b Riaz 19(20) [4s-1]
47.4
Riaz to Woakes, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, Woakes cuts through to sweeper cover
47.3
Riaz to Woakes, SIX, how about that from Chris Woakes! A thunderous strike over long-off to elicit huge cheers. Riaz misses his length big time, offers it in the slot and disappears
47.2
Riaz to Woakes, no run, what a searing yorker from Riaz as he goes round the wicket. Woakes does exceedingly well to keep it out
47.1
Riaz to Woakes, 2 runs, full outside off, sliced up in the air in front of Asif Ali at sweeper cover who runs in and dives forward but can't hold on. All these things add up in the end
46.6
Amir to Moeen Ali, FOUR, now then, that extra ball off the wide that was called has been put away to the boundary. Banged in short from Amir, Moeen Ali seems to be expecting it. He's rolled his wrists on the pull behind square
46.5
Amir to Woakes, leg byes, 1 run, zips through from a length, strikes Woakes on the pad before his bat comes across for the flick. Had pitched outside leg
46.5
Amir to Woakes, wide, ooooo, this call from S Ravi has agitated Sarfaraz who thinks, rightly, that Amir's off-cutter was inside the guidelines
46.5
Amir to Woakes, wide, too wide from Amir this time, and rightly called
46.4
Amir to Woakes, no run, full and wide, Woakes chases after it but misses his drive. Well inside the marker
46.3
Amir to Woakes, FOUR, the edge comes to the rescue for Woakes as he attempts to cut a ball whose line dictates that it's a lost cause. Short of length close to off, flies away past short third man
46.2
Amir to Woakes, 2 runs, sliced up in the air.. seemed to hang up forever but still drops in no-man's land at deep extra cover. Plugs on the outfield
46.1
Amir to Woakes, 2 runs, good length delivery across off, driven wide enough of long-off to bring England a couple. They need boundaries
45.6
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, 2 runs, gets some bat this time, but not enough to find the boundary. Full length at the stumps, off the toe-end from Moeen Ali to the right of long-off
45.5
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, no run, another swing and a miss. Short of length, another off-pace delivery which has him heaving too early
45.4
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, no run, through the swing too early! Slower length ball outside off, deceives Moeen Ali who loses his shape as he slogs. Absolutely struggling out there
45.3
Hasan Ali to Woakes, 1 run, fuller than a length at the stumps, punched to long-on
45.2
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, 1 run, slower ball angling into Moeen Ali's right shoulder. He's still battling with his timing. Looking to take it on, Moeen's in an awkward tangle and it pops up off his gloves in front of Sarfaraz
45.1
Hasan Ali to Woakes, 1 run, short of length delivery close to off, Woakes affords himself some room but not enough. Mistimes the cut to backward point
44.6
Amir to Woakes, 1 run, slower off-cutter on middle, eased in front of mid-off
44.5
Amir to Moeen Ali, 1 run, pitched right up, targetting the stumps. Ali drives down to long-on
44.4
Amir to Woakes, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, cuts it to deep point
44.3
Amir to Buttler, out Caught by Riaz!! Massive, massive moment. Buttler falls to trigger wild celebrations in the Pakistan camp. Length ball across off, an off-cutter from Amir that's spooned off a thick outside edge to short third man. Buttler flashed hard at it, but couldn't get on top of the bounce. An excellent knock from him, but it's a steep ask from here for England's lower-order if they're to make it wkt (6-288) min (103m). Buttler c Riaz b Amir 103(76) [4s-9 6s-2]
44.2
Amir to Buttler, FOUR, absolutely thumped over mid-off to complete a sensational hundred! Length ball just outside off, Buttler stands and delivers. Tremendous power with his hands running through the ball. What a knock. Take a bow, Jos!
44.1
Amir to Buttler, no run, skiddy delivery that zips across Buttler, beating him on the outside edge. His flat-footed waft connecting thin air
43.6
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, driven to extra cover who's too deep in the circle. Buttler onto 99
43.5
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 2 runs, back of a length delivery on middle and leg, clips it gently in front of long-on, two more
43.4
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, 3 runs, sliced off the outside half, right in the gap between extra cover and mid-off, couldn't have placed it better, even if it's only by accident
43.3
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, punches wide of extra cover
43.2
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 2 runs, chops it off a thick inside edge past leg stump! This slower ball had deceived him into going early for the pull. So, so close. As it happens, he hares back for the second putting pressure on the fine leg fielder
43.1
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, 1 run, pitched up outside off, squeezed wide of extra cover who's able to cut it off
42.6
Shadab Khan to Moeen Ali, 1 run, nudges this leg-break round the corner. These two have carefully played Shadab out in this over. Six runs without any risk
42.5
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, length ball turning away from off, Buttler punches through the covers
42.4
Shadab Khan to Moeen Ali, 1 run, floated up on the pads, flicked through midwicket
42.3
Shadab Khan to Moeen Ali, no run, 94kph, slightly short outside off, Moeen Ali late-cuts to backward point
42.2
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, tossed up around off, driven firmly to long-off
42.1
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 2 runs, flighted up outside off, driven wide of sweeper cover. They charge back for two
41.6
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, loses control with the swing and slips down leg, Buttler flicks the attempted yorker to fine leg
41.5
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, 1 run, short of length delivery slanted in at the body, Moeen Ali tucks it through the on-side
41.4
Hasan Ali to Moeen Ali, no run, full ball on off, driven languidly to mid-off
41.3
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, guided through cover-point
41.2
Hasan Ali to Buttler, no run, pitched up fuller outside off, driven to extra cover
41.1
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 2 runs, short of length delivery around the waist, Buttler knows what he's doing as he clips it gently through midwicket to open up the possibility of two
40.6
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, sliding in on leg stump, clipped backward of square
40.5
Shadab Khan to Moeen Ali, 1 run, skidding through from a length on middle, Ali reads off the pitch, adapts, and guides it to short third man
40.4
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, slightly short outside off, Buttler leans back and cuts to deep point
40.3
Shadab Khan to Moeen Ali, 1 run, goes with hard hands on this leg-break, almost having to bring his flourish to a stop as this ball holds on him. Chips it through mid-on
40.2
Shadab Khan to Moeen Ali, no run, Sarfaraz fluffs a chance behind the stumps! Probably the deflection was big enough to excuse him here. The ball hit his hands before he could get his gloves in position. Flighted googly on leg stump, Ali has no idea which way it's going. He tries to work it against the turn, losing his balance and walking outside the crease after getting a leading edge. Tough chance
40.1
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, flighted up outside off, Buttler pushes with the turn through cover
39.6
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, tailing away from off, full ball, punched wide of mid-off
39.5
Riaz to Moeen Ali, 1 run, seemed like he took it on the knuckles here, unable to contend with the steep bounce even after getting on his toes. But manages to keep it down through square leg
39.4
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, clipped off the hips through square leg
39.3
Riaz to Buttler, FOUR, good length delivery just outside off, Buttler leans into the ball and cracks it crisply through extra cover as the crowd goes wild. We're in for an exhilarating final stretch
39.2
Riaz to Moeen Ali, 1 run, good length ball just outside off, eased through the cover region
39.1
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, short of length on leg, clipped into the midwicket region. 250 up for England
39.1
Riaz to Buttler, wide, wild short ball down the leg-side, Buttler tries but can't reach out
38.6
Shadab Khan to Moeen Ali, no run, pushed through flat on middle, turning back into Moeen who punches it down the pitch
38.5
Shadab Khan to Root, out Caught by Hafeez!! 111kph, fired through on a length outside off, and Shadab's variation has done the trick. Root stands in disbelief after carving it straight to short third man. Trent Bridge is stunned, but they soon gather themselves to recognize what has been a fantastic knock that has given England a fair shot at scripting history today. Standing ovation for Root as he walks off, raising his bat to all corners, before briefing Moeen Ali who walks in next wkt (5-248) min (168m). Root c Hafeez b Shadab Khan 107(104) [4s-10 6s-1]
38.4
Shadab Khan to Root, no run, short ball outside off, cuts to point
38.3
Shadab Khan to Root, 2 runs, tossed up outside off, Root goes down to sweep which produces a thick top-edge. Spins away fine of short fine leg
38.2
Shadab Khan to Root, no run, cuts it even finer this time, to short third man
38.1
Shadab Khan to Root, no run, slightly short outside off, Root cuts and finds backward point
37.6
Riaz to Buttler, 2 runs, short of length at the body, Buttler's pull comes off a thick under-edge but is placed well enough for a couple
37.5
Riaz to Root, 1 run, punched through the covers
37.4
Riaz to Root, FOUR, and he gets on top of the bounce of this one, cuts it away through point. Riaz being made to pay for his indiscretions
37.3
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, clipped through the midwicket region
37.2
Riaz to Root, 1 run, and he gets there. 'Rooooooooooooooooot'. All the talk about the razzle-dazzle of England's batting lineup, and it's their most classy player who's scored the first hundred of this World Cup. Short of length outside off, guided wide of point. Takes off the helmet, kisses the badge as Trent Bridge gives him a standing ovation
37.1
Riaz to Buttler, leg byes, 1 run, Buttler shapes to pull, but Riaz's trajectory barely allows for it with the ball skidding through low from short of length. Strikes him on the thigh
36.6
Amir to Buttler, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, driven on the up wide of cover who dives clumsily and manages a hand on it
36.5
Amir to Root, 1 run, length ball slanted outside off, slapped on the up to sweeper cover
36.4
Amir to Buttler, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, probably an off-pace delivery which sticks in the pitch just a tough longer and Buttler mistimes it wide of mid-off
36.3
Amir to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery going across from middle, Root is on his toes to punch it to the right of mid-off
36.2
Amir to Root, no run, back of a length delivery across off, punched to extra cover
36.1
Amir to Buttler, 1 run, punched through the covers
35.6
Hasan Ali to Root, FOUR, the cry of 'Roooooooooooooooot' bellows across Trent Bridge. He has the controls of England's ship here, and he hasn't mishandled them too much. Short ball around shoulder height, nippy bumper from Hasan Ali but Root is so quickly into position, swivelling across and pulling it all along the floor to the long leg boundary
35.5
Hasan Ali to Buttler, leg byes, 1 run, an appeal from Pakistan but Buttler's well down the pitch. So even as he plays across the line of this slower ball, there's hardly much encouragement for the umpire to even ponder
35.4
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 2 runs, walks at Hasan and clips this late in-dipper off his pads through midwicket. Good effort from Imam in the deep
35.3
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, back of a length delivery around off, punched to mid-on. Not serving the purpose, that mid-on fielder. Given that he's inside the circle, the idea's to save one which hasn't been accomplished off these previous two balls
35.2
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, sharp inswinging yorker at the stumps, Buttler's alert as he digs it out towards mid-on
35.1
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, hint of reverse for Hasan Ali as the ball curves back into Root, punched firmly to the left of mid-off for one
34.6
Amir to Root, 1 run, good length delivery around off, knocks it wide of mid-off does Root
34.5
Amir to Buttler, 1 run, pitched up across off, punched wide of mid-off
34.4
Amir to Buttler, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched through to extra cover
34.3
Amir to Buttler, FOUR, high on the bat perhaps? Pfft, please. Buttler comfortably lofts this length delivery over mid-off even with a mishit. 100 of the partnership comes up
34.2
Amir to Buttler, FOUR, what he didn't achieve of the previous delivery, he more than makes up for it with this sublime backfoot punch through backward point. Skimmed through the outfield
34.1
Amir to Buttler, no run, not wide enough to cut, Buttler's beaten as he daringly goes for it
33.6
Hasan Ali to Root, 2 runs, short and wide, Root is airborne as he runs his hands through that upper cut towards third man for a couple
33.5
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length delivery, a bit of early tail in, Buttler punches it off a hop towards cover for a single
33.4
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, punched off that tall stance towards cover
33.3
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length delivery staying low outside off, Buttler steps forward and across to clip it away towards fine leg for a single
33.2
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, shortish, on the hip, pulled off a crouch towards mid-wicket for a single
33.1
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, back of a length delivery, gunbarrel-straight, punched off the tip-toe towards cover
32.6
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, loopy flat leg-break, Root steps forward and runs his hands through the ball for a swat-whip to cover - a quick single
32.5
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, the non-spinning slider from deep in the palm, shortish and wide outside off, slapped off the backfoot towards sweeper cover for a single
32.4
Shadab Khan to Buttler, no run, good length, loads of turn away, Buttler gets very low and carves it to point
32.3
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, loopy delivery on off, rather full, Root drives it down to long-off for a single
32.2
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, loopy delivery on leg and middle, clipped away off the frontfoot towards long-on
32.1
Shadab Khan to Buttler, no run, good length, angling in, turning away, cut away off a crouch towards short third man
31.6
Hasan Ali to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Buttler gets on his toes and punches it towards sweeper cover for a single
31.5
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the hips, whipped away off the backfoot towards mid-on for a single
31.4
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, very full outside off, no tail this time, Root opens the face and steers it to Shadab at backward point
31.3
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, ANOTHER one that tails back in, Root defends it far too late off the backfoot and it rolls back wide of the stumps
31.2
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, tails back in slightly on a fuller length, Root steps forward and drives it towards mid-off
31.1
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, angled in on a short of length and seams back in, Root hops and taps it on the head towards point
30.6
Shadab Khan to Buttler, SIX, not nearly short enough, Buttler gets deep in the crease and whips a pull over deep mid-wicket for six! Over Asif Ali at the boundary, in fact, who tries to grab a one-handed stunner line Stokes running backwards but instead, lands awkwardly on his shoulder and hurts himself
30.5
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, loopy delivery in a nice area on off, Root steps forward and sweeps it down towards deep mid-wicket for a single
30.4
Shadab Khan to Root, 2 runs, dropped short again, carved away off the backfoot towards deep point for a couple
30.3
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, drops it a little short, Buttler rocks back and wrists a slap down to sweeper cover for a single
30.2
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, very loopy and full, tooooo full to cut, Root manages to chop it off the under-edge towards short third man for a quick single
30.1
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, loopy delivery outside off, driven down to sweeper cover for a single
29.6
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, short and at the body, pulled down to deep square leg for a single
29.5
Riaz to Buttler, FOUR, very full and fast @145km/h, Buttler runs his hands through a cover drive, gets a thick outside edge that falls short of slip and goes through 'keeper and slip for four
29.4
Riaz to Root, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, Root opens the face and steers it away towards third man for a single
29.3
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length delivery angling away from off, Buttler shuffles across and tucks it down to fine leg for a single
29.2
Riaz to Buttler, no run, short of length delivery on the chest @149km/h, punched off a hop towards cover. He's breathing fire. A slip comes in.
29.1
Riaz to Buttler, FOUR, angling away, Buttler drives away from his body off a half-cock, gets a thick outside edge to third man past a diving Sarfaraz for four
28.6
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, a tad short, slapped away off a crouched stance towards sweeper cover for a single
28.5
Shadab Khan to Buttler, no run, Pakistan review for LBW! That skids through on middle, Root defends and misses - hits the pads. Topspinner - might be too high. Yep. Missing. Too high. Going over the stumps. Pakistan lose their review.
28.4
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, loopy delivery on leg, very full, punched down to long-on
28.3
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, turns away a little outside off, pushed towards sweeper cover
28.2
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, turns away from a back of a length, punched to sweeper cover off the backfoot for a single
28.1
Shadab Khan to Root, no run, loopy outside off, skids through, Root punches it off the inside half into the off-side
27.6
Riaz to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery angling towards off, Root gets on the backfoot, dabs it down towards third man for a single
27.5
Riaz to Root, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, Root drops it off the backfoot towards cover point
27.4
Riaz to Root, FOUR, angling away from a back of a length, seaming a little, Root tries steering it with an open face, gets a thick outside edge to the third man boundary for four
27.3
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, fuller length delivery wide outside off, falls over on his followthrough does Riaz, and that's driven with popor timing towards cover point for a single
27.2
Riaz to Buttler, no run, angled away, short of length, a hop and a block
27.1
Riaz to Buttler, no run, short one at the body, Buttler hops and drops it into the on-side
26.6
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 3 runs, googly, backs away and slaps it away towards sweeper cover for a single - a dive by Hasan Ali and his knee is stuck in the turf. The batsmen manage a treble. He's saved the boundary.
26.5
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, low full-toss outside off, swept down to deep mid-wicket for a single
26.4
Shadab Khan to Root, no run, loopy one outside off, deadbatted
26.3
Shadab Khan to Buttler, 1 run, tossed up once again, steered away towards sweeper cover for a single
26.2
Shadab Khan to Buttler, FOUR, tossed up, far too full, drilled down to deep extra cover for four
26.1
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Root reaches out and drives to sweeper cover for a single
25.6
Riaz to Buttler, FOUR, finally a fuller one and he regrets it immediately - Buttler crabwalks across and scoops it away to the fine leg boundary for four
25.5
Riaz to Root, 1 run, short, pulled, single, deep square leg
25.4
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, short ball on the body again, another pull down to deep square leg for a single
25.3
Riaz to Root, 1 run, short one at the body, pulled down to backward square leg for a single
25.2
Riaz to Root, no run, back of a length delivery on off, Root defends off the backfoot
25.1
Riaz to Buttler, 1 run, short of length delivery on the body, Buttler pulled it to deep square leg
24.6
Hafeez to Root, SIX, second six of the over for England. They have finally found some momentum against the spinners. Root ran down the track, got close to the ball and whacked it over long-on for a maximum
24.5
Hafeez to Buttler, 1 run, goes back and punches it to long-off
24.4
Hafeez to Buttler, SIX, intent from Buttler and he has deposited it into the stands. That's the danger this man posses. It was marginally short, Buttler goes deep in the crease and smokes it over the deep mid-wicket fence
24.3
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, goes right back and tucks it to deep mid-wicket
24.2
Hafeez to Buttler, 1 run, offie down the leg-side, Buttler works it to deep mid-wicket
24.1
Hafeez to Buttler, no run, Buttler comes down the track, Hafeez observs that and drags his length back. It spins in, clips his pads and ends up on the off-side
23.6
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, 1 run, slower and spinning down the leg-side, Buttler works it to the on-side
23.5
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, no run, quicker one on the stumps, Buttler stays back and pushes it to the off-side
23.4
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, no run, very full and wide of off, Buttler wanted to drive it wide of cover, inside half of the bat takes it to mid-wicket
23.3
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Buttler pushes it straight to cover
23.2
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, no run, pushes it to cover
23.1
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, FOUR, there was no long-off in place, Buttler makes full use of it and tonks it straight down the ground for a boundary
22.6
Hafeez to Root, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Root works it to mid-wicket
22.5
Hafeez to Buttler, 1 run, slower and down the leg-side, Buttler tucks it wide of short fine for a single
22.4
Hafeez to Buttler, 2 runs, fuller and wide of off, Buttler stays put in the crease and carves it wide of deep backward point for a brace
22.3
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, flatter and down the leg-side, Root pulls it to backward square leg for a single
22.2
Hafeez to Root, FOUR, short and around off, it keeps a shade low. Root bends down, adjusts well and pulls it away wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
22.1
Hafeez to Root, no run, another good piece of fielding from Shadab. It was on the stumps and Root works it to the on-side, Shadab from mid-wicket dives to his right and fields it
21.6
Shoaib Malik to Root, 1 run, flatter delivery on the stumps, Root pulls it to backward square leg
21.5
Shoaib Malik to Root, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Root works it to the on-side, short mid-wicket moves to his left and stops it with a fancy dive
21.4
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, 1 run, works it with the spin to mid-wicket to get off the mark
21.3
Shoaib Malik to Buttler, no run, flatter and on the stumps, Buttler tucks it to square leg
21.2
Shoaib Malik to Stokes, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! Pakistan's spinners are turning the match their way in the middle overs. It was a quicker delivery wide of off, Stokes went for a cut shot. It came quickly off the deck, clipped the outside edge and Sarfaraz takes a fine catch. Pakistan on top wkt (4-118) min (27m). Stokes c Sarfaraz b Shoaib Malik 13(18) [4s-1] 
21.1
Shoaib Malik to Stokes, no run, cheeky reverse sweep, he is better off playing with the straight bat. Shoaib Malik bowled it quicker and Stokes misses it
20.6
Hafeez to Stokes, 1 run, goes on the back foot and carves it to deep extra cover
20.5
Hafeez to Stokes, no run, punches it straight to cover
20.4
Hafeez to Stokes, no run, 91 kph delivery on the stumps, Stokes went for a cut shot, finds backward point
20.3
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, Root crouches low and pulls it to backward square leg
20.2
Hafeez to Stokes, 1 run, lots of flight on this delivery. It was very full and was on the stumps, Stokes knocks it down the ground
20.1
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, pulled hard by Root but straight to deep square leg
19.6
Shoaib Malik to Root, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Root went back in the crease and whips it to the on-side
19.5
Shoaib Malik to Stokes, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Stokes drives it back. It clipped the hand of Shoaib Malik and deflected to long-on
19.4
Shoaib Malik to Root, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Root punches it down the ground
19.3
Shoaib Malik to Root, no run, wanted to flick it wide of mid-wicket, Shadab dives and stops the ball from going any further
19.2
Shoaib Malik to Root, no run, goes for a fancy reverse sweep, misses it
19.1
Shoaib Malik to Root, no run, quicker one on the stumps, Root tucks it to square leg
18.6
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, goes right back and tucks it to deep backward square leg. Fifty for Root! He has played the role of anchor to perfection so far but others haven't helped him
18.5
Hafeez to Stokes, 1 run, charges down this time, reaches the pitch and knocks it down the ground
18.4
Hafeez to Stokes, no run, lot slower from Hafeez. It was on the stumps and Stokes blocks it back
18.3
Hafeez to Stokes, no run, pushes it straight to cover
18.2
Hafeez to Stokes, no run, full and on the stumps, Stokes clips it to square leg
18.1
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, knocks it down the ground to long-on
17.6
Hasan Ali to Stokes, FOUR, that's a glorious straight drive. It was on a length and was on the stumps, Stokes plunges forward and drives it down the ground. It races to the fence in a canter
17.5
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Root hops and punches it wide of backward point for a single
17.4
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, defends it to the on-side
17.3
Hasan Ali to Root, 2 runs, down the leg-side, Root flicks it wide of fine leg for a brace. It came off the inside half of the blade
17.2
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, Sarfaraz thought for a long long time and decides against taking the review. Tell you what, it looked really close. It came back in off the deck, Root gets a slight inside edge and that made Sarfraz decision of not taking the review looked good
17.1
Hasan Ali to Root, FOUR, too short and lots of width, easy pickings for Root. He gets in a good position and cuts it wide of backward point for a boundary. 100 up for England!
17.1
Hasan Ali to Root, wide, just a little bit too short from Hasan Ali, it sailed over the head of Root and umpire called it wide
16.6
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, lot slower from Hafeez, it was on the stumps and Root knocks it wide of Hafeez for a single
16.5
Hafeez to Stokes, 1 run, very full and attacking the stumps, Stokes drives it to long-off
16.4
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Root pushes it to long-on
16.3
Hafeez to Root, no run, flatter one outside off, Root steers it straight to short third man
16.2
Hafeez to Stokes, 1 run, 90 kph delivery on the stumps, Stokes goes back and knocks it down to long-on
16.1
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, offie spinning down the leg-side, Root nudges it to deep mid-wicket
15.6
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery directing on the face, Root pulls it to deep backward square leg for a single
15.5
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, lively bumper! On a short of length and around off, Root did well to get away from the line of the ball and leaves it alone
15.4
Hasan Ali to Stokes, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Stokes opens the face of the bat and guides it to third man
15.3
Hasan Ali to Stokes, no run, that's the length and the line. On a back of a length and around off, Stokes was just a late on the shot and inside edges it back onto his shoe. It deflects to the off-side
15.2
Hasan Ali to Stokes, 2 runs, drifting down the leg-side, Stokes flicks it wide of deep mid-wicket and collects a brace
15.1
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, on a length and around off, Root runs it down to third man
14.6
Hafeez to Stokes, no run, offie around off, Stokes stays put in the crease and pushes it to cover
14.5
Hafeez to Morgan, out Bowled!! Hafeez is the man for Pakistan. Scored valuable runs with the bat and now picks up England's skipper. Slower and drifting in, Morgan was stuck on the back foot and was cramped for room on the off-side, seeks to cut but the ball skids off quickly and clatters the bails. Morgan's back foot never moved and he paid heavy price for it wkt (3-86) min (31m). Morgan b Hafeez 9(18) [4s-1]
14.4
Hafeez to Morgan, no run, flatter around middle, nudged to mid-wicket
14.3
Hafeez to Morgan, no run, quicker outside off, cut away to point
14.2
Hafeez to Morgan, no run, turning away from a shortish length, a cross-batted slap to short cover
14.1
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, to long-on, punched down to long-on for a single
13.6
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, low full toss on the leg stump, Root flicks it to deep square leg
13.5
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, fullish delivery on the stumps, Root flicks it to mid-wicket
13.4
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Root defends off the front foot
13.3
Hasan Ali to Root, FOUR, he plays the cut shot really late and plays it very well, bends back as hops to get that room and places this short ball to the left of backward point, sweet timing too
13.2
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, Root cuts it towards point
13.1
Hasan Ali to Root, no run, fullish delivery on the stumps, Root drives it to mid-on
12.6
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, spinning back in, Root flicks to deep square leg
12.5
Hafeez to Morgan, 1 run, full delivery outside off stump, Morgan drives it to long-off
12.4
Hafeez to Morgan, no run, flatter delivery from round the wicket, Morgan defends off the back foot
12.3
Hafeez to Root, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Root flicks it to mid-wicket
12.2
Hafeez to Root, FOUR, way too short and down the leg-side, helped away nicely, no deep square leg, so Root gets it past square leg and fine leg had no chance
12.1
Hafeez to Root, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Root defends from the crease
11.6
Hasan Ali to Morgan, FOUR, top edge but it flies over the cordon. Good short ball from Hasan Ali, Morgan lost shape on the pull shot and got a thick edge that went one bounce into the boundary
11.5
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Root flicks it to square leg
11.4
Hasan Ali to Morgan, 1 run, slightly outside off stump, Morgan pushes it to sweeper cover
11.3
Hasan Ali to Morgan, no run, uppishly pushed towards mid-on
11.2
Hasan Ali to Morgan, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Morgan defends into the on-side
11.1
Hasan Ali to Root, 1 run, did that tail back in? Root dabs it to third man. The throw to mid-off from Riaz at third man came on the second bounce and umpire Marais Erasmus gently smiles at the Pakistani fielders. Umpires do get concerned if teams deliberately throw the ball into the ground to get it roughened up for reverse swing
10.6
Riaz to Root, 1 run, thick edge, there is gully but it flies over him and goes to third man. Root drove away from the body at that and got away with it
10.5
Riaz to Morgan, 1 run, tap and run single, risky, but Riaz fumbles as he attacks the ball running to his right, turns back and tries to have a shy, Morgan dives nevertheless to make his ground
10.4
Riaz to Morgan, no run, short of length and coming back in, Morgan defends
10.3
Riaz to Morgan, no run, first short ball from Riaz and Sarfaraz loves it. Morgan let it pass, Sarfaraz encouragaes his bowler to try more
10.2
Riaz to Root, 1 run, softly nudges this short of length delivery to third man
10.1
Riaz to Morgan, 1 run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Morgan defends it into the off-side for a run
9.6
Amir to Morgan, 1 run, inside edge onto pad and wide of the stump, Morgan tried to force this into the off-side, the ball rolls to square leg
9.5
Amir to Morgan, no run, full and on the stumps, Morgan drives it to mid-on, diving save
9.4
Amir to Morgan, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Morgan defends off the back foot
9.3
Amir to Morgan, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Morgan defends into the off-side
9.2
Amir to Root, 1 run, punched nicely off the back foot, Imam fumbles at short cover and allows the run
9.1
Amir to Root, no run, swing and a miss, good length delivery outside off stump, Root looks to cut and gets beaten, the Pakistani fans get right behind their bowler
8.6
Riaz to Bairstow, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! Now then, now then! England are two down and Riaz is charged up. This is a lovely delivery. Short of a length delivery, looked like the off-cutter, it moved away and also bounced. Bairstow checked his dab and the ball took the edge and flew straight into the hands of the keeper. 140kph from Riaz and Bairstow had no clue how to control the movement and bounce wkt (2-60) min (46m). Bairstow c Sarfaraz b Riaz 32(31) [4s-4 6s-1]
8.5
Riaz to Bairstow, no run, defended nicely this time
8.4
Riaz to Bairstow, no run, look at the extra bounce on this short of length delivery outside off stump, Bairstow looks to defend, is surprised by the bounce and misses the ball
8.3
Riaz to Bairstow, FOUR, this is square-driven over cover-point, Riaz took pace off with this full ball, Bairstow went through with the loft and managed to make good enough contact
8.2
Riaz to Bairstow, no run, hit on the thigh pad, no chance for LBW, too high and impact may well have been outside off as well. Short of a length delivery from Riaz, Bairstow misses the pull, Sarfaraz says no for the review and rightly so
8.1
Riaz to Bairstow, 2 runs, short ball, no one at deep mid-wicket, Bairstow short-arm jabs the pull, deep square leg runs to his left and tidies up
7.6
Amir to Root, no run, covers the line of off stump and defends to point
7.5
Amir to Bairstow, 1 run, slower delivery outside off stump, Bairstow opens the face of the bat and runs it down to third man
7.4
Amir to Root, 1 run, punched to the right of cover point, where the fielder rolls and stops the ball
7.3
Amir to Root, 2 runs, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Root flicks it to mid-wicket, unmanned space and they get two
7.2
Amir to Root, FOUR, this time Root reads the slower delivery from the hand and square-drives along the ground through point, big gap there and it went all the way
7.1
Amir to Root, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Root taps it to the bowler
6.6
Riaz to Bairstow, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, Bairstow defends
6.5
Riaz to Bairstow, FOUR, oh this is an inside edge that threatened to smash the sticks. Full delivery outside off stump, Bairstow was late on the drive, didn't move his feet much, very lucky with the edge
6.4
Riaz to Bairstow, FOUR, short delivery on the leg stump, Bairstow helps it away fine and fine leg was inside the ring, easily gets the placement right to the right of the fielder and collects four runs
6.3
Riaz to Bairstow, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, Bairstow defends it towards short cover
6.2
Riaz to Root, 1 run, fullish delivery around off stump, Root pushes it to cover-point and set off
6.1
Riaz to Root, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Root covers the line and defends
5.6
Amir to Bairstow, 2 runs, slower delivery, knocked to mid-wicket, big open space and they rush back for two
5.5
Amir to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Root punches it to cover
5.4
Amir to Bairstow, 1 run, short delivery, Bairstow pulls it to deep square leg
5.3
Amir to Root, 1 run, edgedddd and put down! You cannot drop Joe Root on a good batting surface! Amir walks back disappointed. Full delivery outside off stump, Root went hard on the cover-drive, thick edge, there's a big gap between Sarfaraz and Babar Azam - the lone slip fielder. Babar reacted late and by the time he got both hands to it by diving to his left, he was off balance and spilled it
5.2
Amir to Root, FOUR, oh inside edge and just past the sticks, Root wanted to back foot punch this through cover, this short of length delivery may have just cut back in and troubled him there. Hassan Ali slides and stops the ball on the fine leg boundary, was his back foot in contact with the ad cushions when he tried to push the ball back? Yes it was! Cheer from the England contingent and boos from the Pakistani fans
5.1
Amir to Root, no run, short delivery on the off stump, Root sways out nicely and lets it go. Had to really bend away as it was headed straight to his helmet
4.6
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, no run, leg-spin away from the off stump, Bairstow lets it go
4.5
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, no run, a loud shout of no from Bairstow after defending this towards mid-wicket
4.4
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, SIX, this is excellent batting. Two good deliveries previously but he doesn't miss out as soon as Shadab Khan overpitched one, in the slot for the loft and Bairstow went straight over the bowler's head and towards the sightscreen. Looks like the ball has been damaged by the impact in the stands. A part of the leather has come off and they are changing it
4.3
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, no run, the googly from Shadab Khan this time, Bairstow covers the line and defends
4.2
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, no run, lovely delivery! Draws Bairstow forward with a flighted delivery, gets it to turn and almost takes the outside edge
4.1
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, no run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Bairstow covers the sticks and lets it go
3.6
Amir to Root, no run, too close to the body to guide and Root gets away with an under edge that bounces a few times before reaching Sarfaraz
3.5
Amir to Root, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Root defends it to cover
3.4
Amir to Bairstow, 1 run, the slower delivery, inside edge on the defence, Bairstow escapes as it rolls beside the sticks, Root calls through for a run
3.3
Amir to Bairstow, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Bairstow watchfully pushes it to mid-off
3.2
Amir to Bairstow, 2 runs, too straight, Bairstow goes back and flicks it to long leg
3.1
Amir to Bairstow, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Bairstow uppishly drives to mid-off
3.1
Amir to Bairstow, wide, short of length delivery down the leg-side
2.6
Shadab Khan to Root, FOUR, width on offer outside off stump, Root stays back and guides late, beating backward point. Enough pace to get it to the fence
2.5
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, 1 run, nudged to square leg
2.4
Shadab Khan to Bairstow, no run, spinning away outside off stump, Bairstow leans forward and defends
2.3
Shadab Khan to Root, 1 run, allows the ball to come in and works it to mid-wicket, off the mark
2.2
Shadab Khan to Root, no run, flatter delivery outside off stump, Root punches it towards point
2.1
Shadab Khan to Roy, out Lbw!! Horrid day for Jason Roy comes to an end. He was poor on the field and now he's out for a single digit score in a big chase. Roy isn't happy. Stopped and spoke to umpire Marais Erasmus for a moment, before shaking his head and walking off again. Looks like he was given a sendoff by the Pakistani players. The ploy to bowl leg-spin to Roy first up works. Shadab Khan bowled this googly very full, unlike his first over where he was bowling short. Roy went for the sweep shot, missed, impact was in line with off stump and umpire Sundaram Ravi raised his finger. Roy had a long chat with Bairstow and reviewed just before the DRS timer was exhausted. Looked very out to the naked eye and it turned out it was a poor call to review as it was plumb LBW. Ball crashed into off stump according to technology wkt (1-12) min (11m). Roy lbw b Shadab Khan 8(7) [4s-2]
1.6
Amir to Bairstow, FOUR, in the airrr, wide of the diving fielder at cover. First runs of the World Cup for Bairstow. Length delivery outside off stump, Bairstow drives on the rise, lucky that he hit the gap at cover
1.5
Amir to Bairstow, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Bairstow punches this towards cover
1.4
Amir to Bairstow, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Bairstow covers the off stump and shoulders arms to this one
1.3
Amir to Bairstow, no run, allows the short of length delivery to come and defends to cover
1.2
Amir to Bairstow, no run, tucks it to square leg
1.1
Amir to Bairstow, no run, what a start from Amir. Good length delivery outside off stump, Bairstow wants to drive, but the ball cuts back in and beats the inside edge, could so easily have been an edge to keeper or drag on
0.6
Shadab Khan to Roy, no run, optimistic shout for LBW, pad first on this defence, but impact was way outside off stump
0.5
Shadab Khan to Roy, no run, back foot punch to cover
0.4
Shadab Khan to Roy, no run, pushed into the off-side
0.3
Shadab Khan to Roy, FOUR, this is a poor drag down, not the ideal start from Shadab Khan when given the new ball by his captain, Roy ricks back and pulls it hard to deep mid-wicket
0.2
Shadab Khan to Roy, FOUR, short and wide outside off stump, Roy cuts it away nicely, the ball races through cover and rockets for four
0.1
Shadab Khan to Roy, no run, oh uppish defence, Roy went with hard hands at this flatter delivery, pushed to the left of short mid-wicket
Commentary
Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz, Wahab Riaz, Mohammad Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Asif Ali,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
