49.6
Amir to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, and that's it. Hoicked away to deep mid for a single. Pakistan win by 49 runs and stay alive in the tournament. But South Africa have been eliminated. First time since 2003 that they have failed to progress into the knock-outs
49.5
Amir to Phehlukwayo, no run, and that was a toe-pinger. Stingy delivery on to the boot and Phehlukwayo misses the heave on the on-side. That will pinch for sometime as Phehlukwayo sent his partner back who wanted a single
49.4
Amir to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, fuller ball and has been slammed past the man at cover. The man at deep cover dives over it and Phehlukwayo moves to 45. Had he farmed more strike, he could have already gotten his fifty
49.3
Amir to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs, is there a run-out? Phehlukwayo was scampering back for a couple. But he has made it. Top-edge and the ball landed well short of Shaheen, who didn't even make an attempt to take it. And to make matters worse for Pak, they stole a double
49.2
Amir to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs, looks to slap and gets it off the outer half of the bat to get a double. The man at deep third cuts it off
49.1
Amir to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs, slams the full ball down the ground and gets a double
48.6
Riaz to Tahir, no run, and a meek push into the covers as another full delivery was aimed for the base of the sticks
48.5
Riaz to Tahir, no run, blocks the fuller delivery out
48.4
Riaz to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, drives the ball away into the covers for a single
48.3
Riaz to Tahir, 1 run, a Donald-Klusener moment in an inconsequential game but the result is different. There is no run-out. Pushed out to mid-off and Tahir and Phehlukwayo stuttered but takes a single in the end as the man at mid-off missed the sticks at the bowler's end
48.2
Riaz to Lungi Ngidi, out Bowled!! And that's why I think despite the result being obvious Phehlukwayo could have had the strike. Length delivery squares the batter up and Lungi Ngidi fails to cover his sticks. The ball darts in from round the wicket and shatters the timber. The mess of the sticks is a close representation of SA's journey in this World Cup wkt (9-246) min (8m). Lungi Ngidi b Riaz 1(6)
48.1
Riaz to Lungi Ngidi, no run, looks to block and run but misses. That was missiled in at 144kph
47.6
Amir to Lungi Ngidi, 1 run, looks to slog across the line and ends up outside edging the ball away to deep third man for a single. Keeps the strike. 63 more needed
47.5
Amir to Lungi Ngidi, no run, on a length, slower and Lungi Ngidi trying to slam it on the up, misses
47.4
Amir to Lungi Ngidi, no run, on a length, angles across and Lungi Ngidi trying to throw his bat at it, misses
47.3
Amir to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, he takes a single! I thought he will keep the strike. That was wide and full, drives it out to cover and they get a single
47.2
Amir to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, squeezes a full and wide ball past point and Shaheen at deep third puts in the dive but the ball bobbles away after hitting his hand to touch the fence
47.1
Amir to Phehlukwayo, no run, slower delivery outside off and Phehlukwayo looks to go for the big shot and misses. Triggered the gun too early
47.1
Amir to Phehlukwayo, wide, bullets a wide yorker and Phehlukwayo throws his bat at it and misses
46.6
Riaz to Lungi Ngidi, no run, it is reversing! Angles in the full ball from round the wicket and Lungi Ngidi looks to drive and misses. 70 needed off 3 overs. Even mathematics has given up hope
46.5
Riaz to Rabada, out Bowled!! Swinging in at a pace of 139kph and the full toss bulldozes through the defences of the batter. The ball swung in late and Rabada missed it all ends up despite that being a full toss. Pakistan chipping away with the wickets here. Won't have much of a difference to the result though wkt (8-239) min (13m). Rabada b Riaz 3(7)
46.4
Riaz to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, on a length and has been pushed out into the off-side for a single
46.3
Riaz to Phehlukwayo, no run, looks to cut and misses as that was a length delivery outside off
46.2
Riaz to Rabada, 1 run, fuller delivery, angling in, Rabada looks to drive and inside edges the ball away into the on-side for a single
46.1
Riaz to Rabada, no run, low full toss spearing in and Rabada inside edges the ball on to the pads
45.6
Amir to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, short ball, looks to pull and gets the top-edge for the ball to fly away to deep fine for a four. Lucky runs but SA will take it
45.5
Amir to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, hit to the longish part of the ground and the ball bisects the men at deep mid and long-on for a four. Full toss on the pads and was heaved away for the ball to fly away into the gap
45.4
Amir to Phehlukwayo, no run, low full toss outside off and Phehlukwayo throws his bat at it to miss it
45.3
Amir to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs, short ball, pulled away and the man at deep mid dives and stops it. Two more
45.2
Amir to Rabada, 1 run, length delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side for a single
45.1
Amir to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, throws his bat at a fuller delivery and the inside edge flies past the sticks for a single down to fine leg
44.6
Riaz to Rabada, no run, angling in length delivery and has been tucked out to mid-wicket
44.5
Riaz to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, swirling in full toss and has been nudged out into the on-side for a single
44.5
Riaz to Phehlukwayo, wide, bangs the ball short, Phehlukwayo ducks down and allows the ball to sail through. Was too high and wided
44.4
Riaz to Rabada, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been pushed down to mid-off for a single
44.3
Riaz to Rabada, no run, and that shapes in to the southpaw. Rabada gets the bat down in time and blocks it out
44.2
Riaz to Chris Morris, out Bowled!! Inch perfect yorker bowled at 148kph. That speared away and Chris Morris tried to dig it but missed it for the leg pole to be pegged back. First of the day for Riaz. He nailed the yorker and Chris Morris had no answers to it. SA sink further. Their campaign in the tournament is pretty much mirroring the abysmal performance today wkt (7-222) min (16m). Chris Morris b Riaz 16(10) [4s-1 6s-1]
44.1
Riaz to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, tails in that low full delivery and a thinnish inside edge is found. The ball jams on to the boot for a single
43.6
Shadab Khan to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, the googly entices a bit shot and the faulty hit lands well short of the man at long-off. The big boundaries save him. 88 needed off 6 overs
43.5
Shadab Khan to Phehlukwayo, no run, quicker one and has been pushed back to the bowler. The batter picked it in time to guard it out
43.4
Shadab Khan to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, kneels down and slog sweeps! The man at deep mid dives to his left but fails to reach that. That is a four. Was towards the longish part of the fence
43.3
Shadab Khan to Chris Morris, 1 run, slaps the ball down to long-off for a single
43.2
Shadab Khan to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, shortish outside off and has been carved away into the covers for a single
43.1
Shadab Khan to Chris Morris, 1 run, lifts the ball over the bowler for a single. Wasn't timed well
42.6
Shaheen Afridi to Chris Morris, 1 run, this was mistimed, it was in the air but landed just wide of mid-off
42.5
Shaheen Afridi to Chris Morris, SIX, that is one of the best timed shots of the evening! Gee! It was clean! It was in the slot for Chris Morris, he clears his leg, holds his shape and lofts it straight down the ground. It was hit so well that it cleared the long-off fence
42.4
Shaheen Afridi to Chris Morris, FOUR, nicely played. It was on a short of length, Chris Morris backs away, makes room and cuts it over backward point for a boundary
42.3
Shaheen Afridi to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, back of a length delivery wide of off, Phehlukwayo cuts it to deep backward point
42.2
Shaheen Afridi to Phehlukwayo, no run, on a length and attacking the stumps, Phehlukwayo defends it to backward point
42.1
Shaheen Afridi to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, that's edged and four. It came back into Phehlukwayo, who wanted to punch it. He played it down the wrong line. It clipped his inside edge, evaded the stumps and went for a boundary through fine leg
41.6
Shadab Khan to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, knocks it down the ground to long-on
41.5
Shadab Khan to Phehlukwayo, no run, went for a reverse sweep, failed to make any contact. And Shadab Khan went up in appeal, it looked out but umpire though otherwise. There was a chance for run-out too but Sarfaraz missed the stumps at the striker's end
41.4
Shadab Khan to Chris Morris, 1 run, charges down to reach the pitch and drives it down the ground
41.3
Shadab Khan to Chris Morris, no run, defends it back
41.2
Shadab Khan to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, flatter and around off, Phehlukwayo was taken aback by the speed on that delivery and brought his bat down late. He inside edges it to on-side
41.1
Shadab Khan to Chris Morris, 1 run, pushes it to mid-off for a single
40.6
Shaheen Afridi to Chris Morris, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Chris Morris stays in the crease and carves it to sweeper cover
40.5
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, out Bowled!! Miller departs now and I am afraid to say South Africa are going down. This should be the game, set and match! It was an off-cutter which gripped in the surface, Miller went for a big heave to the on-side. He lost his shape and ended up swinging way too early. It goes through him and crashes into his stumps. Shaheen Afridi punches the air in delight to celebrate his wicket wkt (6-192) min (54m). Miller b Shaheen Afridi 31(37) [4s-3]
40.4
Shaheen Afridi to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, another delivery on a fuller length, it was just wide of off. Phehlukwayo plunges forward and carves it to sweeper cover
40.3
Shaheen Afridi to Phehlukwayo, no run, on a fuller length and it shaped back into Phehlukwayo, he stays put and pushed it straight to cover
40.2
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, 1 run, Miller comes on the front foot and drives it to sweeper cover
40.1
Shaheen Afridi to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Phehlukwayo drives it wide of third man for a single
39.6
Shadab Khan to Miller, no run, Miller was given out. And he has gone for the review. There is an under edge and that saved Miller. Miller went for the sweep on that delivery, it skidded off the deck. He was rapped on the pads but there was a faint under edge which umpire failed to spot
39.5
Shadab Khan to Miller, no run, punches it to the off-side
39.4
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, out Caught by Hafeez!! Look at Mickey Arthur celebrate that wicket on the balcony. He is ecstatic and so are Pakistan players in the middle. It was a flighted delivery on the stumps, Vander Dussen went for an across the line slog. It came off the outside half of the bat and popped up high in the air. It went miles up and Hafeez takes it at cover, Sarfaraz was always coming from the other side but Hafeez took the responsibility. He takes a tumble too after collecting it wkt (5-189) min (71m). Vander Dussen c Hafeez b Shadab Khan 36(47) [4s-1 6s-1]
39.3
Shadab Khan to Miller, 1 run, wrong 'un, Miller was looking to work it to the on-side. It spins in, hits the inside edge and pops up in the air, over the head of Shadab Khan
39.2
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, flatter one on the stumps, Vander Dussen tucks it to the on-side
39.2
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, wide, lot of spin on that leggie and it ends up well wide of off. Wide called!
39.1
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, no run, cuts it straight to backward point
38.6
Riaz to Miller, no run, another delivery on a length. Miller fails to put any bat on the heave again. He is trying to hit the ball too hard and losing his shape
38.5
Riaz to Miller, no run, it was on a length and was there to be hit, Miller went after it with a full swing. Again, his bat came down at a wrong time and ended up making no contact
38.4
Riaz to Miller, no run, on a length and wide of off, Miller throws his bat at it. And ends up missing it
38.3
Riaz to Vander Dussen, 1 run, excellent slower one, Vander Dussen was way early into the shot. His bat came down way early and it hits him on his tummy and deflects to the off-side
38.3
Riaz to Vander Dussen, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
38.2
Riaz to Miller, 1 run, drives it to mid-off for a single
38.1
Riaz to Vander Dussen, 1 run, nasty short of length delivery. Vander Dussen was hurried up by it and ends up missing the pull. It might have hit the edge and hits him on the helmet
37.6
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, 2 runs, another chance for Amir but it was a tough one. It was a slower one and Miller slogs it to the on-side, it was mistimed and ends up just wide of mid-on
37.5
Shaheen Afridi to Vander Dussen, 1 run, yorker on the stumps, Vander Dussen wanted to work it to the on-side. Gets squared up a touch and it comes off the outside edge and ends up to the off-side
37.4
Shaheen Afridi to Vander Dussen, SIX, that has been clobbered! It was on a fuller length, Vander Dussen clears his frong leg, stays balanced and heaves it to the on-side. The connection was terrific and it clears the deep mid-wicket fence
37.3
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, 1 run, slower one on the stumps, Miller pushes it to long-on
37.2
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, no run, short of length delivery and wide of off, Miller attempts a pull. He was late onto it and ends up missing it
37.1
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, FOUR, shot! It was full and was wide of off, Miller comes on the front foot and drives it with a lot of class. It beats cover and races to the fence
36.6
Riaz to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, fuller and coming back into Vander Dussen. It is reversing a bit. Vander Dussen lofts it straight down the ground, not enough power behind it and it will be cut off
36.5
Riaz to Miller, 1 run, in the air and Amir has dropped another one. His third drop catch of the match. It was short and there was width, Miller went for the upper cut. He mistimed it, Amit came forward from third man and drops an easy catch
36.4
Riaz to Vander Dussen, 1 run, this one moved away from Vander Dussen, he swung to the on-side. It clipped his outside edge and went flying to Sarfaraz who threw himself to the right but failed to grab it
36.3
Riaz to Miller, 1 run, this was slower and was wide of off, Miller delays his bat swing but fails to put the requisite power behind it behind that shot. It ends up at sweeper cover
36.2
Riaz to Miller, no run, fast delivery! It was banged in short @145 kph, Miller gets outside the line and leaves it alone
36.1
Riaz to Miller, no run, short and on the body, Miller pulled it straight to square leg
35.6
Shaheen Afridi to Vander Dussen, no run, shuffles to the off-side, his stumps were visible and Shaheen Afridi bowls it down the leg-side. It missed the leg-stump just by a whisker
35.5
Shaheen Afridi to Vander Dussen, no run, Vander Dussen walks forward and Shaheen Afridi bangs it in, Vander Dussen was taken aback by it and he ends up leaving it alone
35.4
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Miller opens the face of the bat and steers it to third man
35.3
Shaheen Afridi to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length delivery angling into Vander Dussen, he misses the tuck. It hits his thigh pad and deflects to the on-side
35.2
Shaheen Afridi to Vander Dussen, no run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Vander Dussen stays put in the crease and tucks it to the leg-side
35.1
Shaheen Afridi to Miller, 1 run, short of length delivery on the body, Miller stays back and pulls it to deep mid-wicket for a single
34.6
Riaz to Miller, 1 run, pacy short delivery at the body, Miller swivels across and pulls it away to fine leg
34.5
Riaz to Vander Dussen, 1 run, very full outside off, Dussen drives it airly through cover
34.4
Riaz to Vander Dussen, no run, 141kph, length delivery on middle. Dussen turns it gently to mid-wicket
34.3
Riaz to Miller, 1 run, as 146kph, slanting in. Miller with a closed bat-face tuck through square leg
34.2
Riaz to Miller, FOUR, priceless boundary for South Africa. If they are to get any closer, Miller has to play a big knock. Riaz gets it much fuller and Miller backs away, creates some room and hammers it firmly past extra cover. It was in the air for a while but well wide of the fielder
34.1
Riaz to Vander Dussen, 1 run, to third man
34.1
Riaz to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 143kph, back of a length outside off. Dussen exploits the pace and directs it to third man
33.6
Amir to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slower delivery outside off, Dussen opens his bat face and glides it to third man
33.5
Amir to Vander Dussen, no run, fuller length, nipping away in the fourth stump zone. Creeps low and Dussen was undone by the lack of bounce as it slides under his bat
33.4
Amir to Vander Dussen, no run, pacy, low full toss zeroing at the stumps. Dussen shuffles inside the line and stabs it back to the bowler. Amir collects it in his followthrough
33.3
Amir to Vander Dussen, no run, cutter on a length, Dussen opens his stance slightly and dinks it to point
33.2
Amir to Vander Dussen, no run, 140kph, this shortish delivery sprang up menacingly and strikes Dussen on the glove. He wasn't expecting it to kick off rapidly and had to jerk back quickly before yanking his bottom hand off the handle
33.1
Amir to Miller, 1 run, 135kph, good length in the channel outside off. Miller gets across and steers it to third man
32.6
Imad Wasim to Miller, 1 run, driven to the right of the bowler and Wasim flies across to stop that but in vain
32.5
Imad Wasim to Miller, no run, quicker and stays a bit low, Miller accounts for it and plays it back
32.4
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 92kph, armer outside off. Spanked away to sweeper cover
32.3
Imad Wasim to Miller, 1 run, slower outside off, dropped in front of point
32.2
Imad Wasim to Miller, no run, fired in, Miller presents a straight bat-face block back to the bowler
32.1
Imad Wasim to Miller, FOUR, biffed over mid-off! Miller has had enough and puts on his dancing shoes. Meets the pitch and lifts it with a clean swing of the bat
31.6
Amir to Vander Dussen, no run, off-paced delivery, on a fuller length outside off. Dussen waits and defends it to point
31.5
Amir to Miller, 1 run, patted with an open bat-face towards point
31.4
Amir to Miller, no run, optimistic appeal from Amir for a caught-behind but nothing from Sarfaraz and the Pakistan captain says he didn't hear anything even though Amir thought otherwise. Whangs in a brisk bouncer which kept climbing and evades Miller's pull. It soar over his head and the appeal was spontaneous from the pacer but umpire Joel Wilson wasn't too keen and gives it one-bouncer for the over
31.3
Amir to Vander Dussen, 1 run, length, too straight and it's been nudged softly to deep mid-wicket
31.2
Amir to Miller, 1 run, swerving fuller on middle and leg, Miller clears his front leg and whips it down to long-on
31.1
Amir to Miller, no run, Put down. Got to feel for Amir as he had it till the last instant and just when his right elbow hit the ground, it popped up and Amir couldn't grab the rebound. Tailing in fuller just outside off, holds up on the wicket and Miller is taken aback by the bounce, checking it too hard back to the bowler. Oh, Amir!
30.6
Imad Wasim to Miller, 1 run, full-faced drive to long-on
30.5
Imad Wasim to Miller, no run, goes wide of the crease and throws it up deliciously outside off, Miller was getting forward and guides it to point, wanted a single but he's been sent back by his partner
30.4
Imad Wasim to Miller, no run, soft-handed tap to cover
30.3
Imad Wasim to Miller, no run, 91kph, tossed up outside off and invites Miller forward, who bunts it straight back to the bowler
30.2
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, 1 run, goes much wider of off, thrashed through cover
30.1
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, no run, fast slider outside off, Dussen bends low and drills it straight to extra cover
29.6
Amir to Vander Dussen, 1 run, lasers it away from the right-hander, slapped away to sweeper cover
29.5
Amir to Vander Dussen, no run, tucks Dussen for space with a nip-bender which gained extra bounce to surprise the batsman. Dussen gets an inside edge which falls periliously close to the stumps
29.4
Amir to Miller, 1 run, touch shorter outside off, Miller is underway with a crunchy punch square past point
29.3
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! The smiles and voices are back in the Pakistani camp. Amir strikes and makes up for that drop, in fact gets the prized scalp of Fafdu Plessis. Massive moment in the game and South Africa in trouble now. It was on a good length just outside off, Fafdu Plessis, who was chained to the crease wanted to swipe it across the line. The balance and shape went all awry and as a result, a top-edge is found which balloons up in the sky. Sarfaraz calls for it, takes a few steps forward and pockets it to send Pakistan fans into raptures wkt (4-136) min (112m). Fafdu Plessis c Sarfaraz b Amir 63(79) [4s-5]
29.2
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, wafts it on the legs, picked away neatly through square leg and Fafdu Plessis picks up a couple of runs
29.1
Amir to Vander Dussen, 1 run, rolls his fingers across this full ball on off, push-driven to cover
28.6
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, 1 run, nails it into the blockhole, squeezed to long-on
28.5
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, Fafdu Plessis chips out of his crease and eases it away to long-on
28.4
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, driven hard, but finds extra cover
28.3
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, fired on leg, flicked to backward square leg
28.2
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, mix-up and Dussen rushes back to safety. Pokey push in front of point and Dussen was desperate to get to the other end with Faf firm in his crease and sends him back. But Dussen turns back quickly and no worries in the end
28.1
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, 1 run, quicker on off, Dussen makes room and punches it to cover
27.6
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, second boundary of the over and Fafdu Plessis takes on this flighted delivery, sinks low and hoicks it across the line through mid-wicket
27.5
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slower but overpitches. Knocked down to long-on
27.4
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, no run, drifter on leg, wristed to mid-wicket
27.3
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, whipped away towards long-on for a couple of runs
27.2
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, FOUR, in the air and bursts through Amir's fingers at long-off. Was it a case of misjudgement? Well, can't be too harsh as well because he had to run across the turf. Flighted luringly outside off, Dussen loads up and lifts it down the ground. Didn't time it as he would've liked to clear the fielder. Amir got both hands but couldn't clasp onto that and sort of lost his balance too. Pakistan's coach Mickey Arthur gets anxious for a moment in the balcony
27.1
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flatter outside off, Fafdu Plessis creates space and cuts it away to sweeper cover
26.6
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, Fafdu Plessis clips the flatter ball to mid-wicket, Sarfraz wants Imam to be a bit quicker
26.5
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, 1 run, quicker one outside off, Vander Dussen glides it to short third man, one more to the total
26.4
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, slightly short ball by Imad Wasim and it's been knocked down to long-on
26.3
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, comes down the wicket and lifts the loopy delivery over extra cover, fielder in the deep was a touch square, hence two runs were always on
26.2
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, flatter ball around off, Fafdu Plessis punches it to cover
26.1
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, 1 run, flighted ball around off, Vander Dussen drives it down to long-off
25.6
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, flighted ball around off, Vander Dussen drives it to long-off
25.5
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, back in the crease to work this through mid-wicket
25.4
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, short and straight ball outside off, Vander Dussen slices it through cover-point
25.3
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, fifty for Fafdu Plessis, his second in the tourmanent. Gets there with a gentle on-drive that fetches him a single. Needs to carry on and get a big one though
25.2
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, 1 run, loopy ball by Shadab and it's been driven to long-off
25.1
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, clips the floated delivery through mid-wicket
24.6
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, no run, flighted ball around off, Vander Dussen defends it off his front foot
24.5
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, eases the tossed up delivery to long-off
24.4
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, Pakistan have taken a review. Sarfraz is sure that Fafdu Plessis has nicked it and he has challenged the umpire's call who thinks the South African skipper hasn't. Well, well. Kumar Dharmasena is right again. He's having a great match, indeed. A flatter delivery around off and the batsman gets beaten on his punch. Nothing on UltraEdge and the batsman survives. Faf also gestured that the sound came off the bat's handle or maybe the friction against the grip. Probably the reason why Kohli walked off the other day against Mohammad Amir
24.3
Imad Wasim to Vander Dussen, 1 run, drives this loopy delivery to mid-on for a single
24.2
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, floated delivery around off, pushed to long-off
24.1
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, flighted delivery around off, Fafdu Plessis driven to covers by Fafdu Plessis
23.6
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, no run, googly on a full length, Vander Dussen defends it off his front foot
23.5
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, no run, short ball around middle and leg, Vander Dussen treks back and nudges it to short mid-wicket
23.4
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, no run, dipping into the batsman this ball and the batsman has squeezed it out
23.3
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, no run, flighted ball around off and it's been driven into the off side
23.2
Shadab Khan to Vander Dussen, no run, straigther ball with a bit of carry, Vander Dussen tries to work it through the on side, fails to connect and is struck on thigh pad
23.1
Shadab Khan to Markram, out Bowled!! South Africa sink further. Markram was struggling to rotate the strike and his struggle finally comes to an end. Tahir got a couple of wickets earlier in the day and it's now time for Shadab Khan to have a ball. This one was a straighter delivery that skid along the deck and kept low. Markram plays for the spin and makes a mess of it, beaten and the stumps are rattled. Shadab's hands go up in the air as he celebrates and the young batsman goes back to the hut. See a young Pakistani kid roaring out loud as the team he's supporting is right on top wkt (3-103) min (13m). Markram b Shadab Khan 7(16)
22.6
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, straighter delivery by Imad Wasim, tight line and it's been driven to cover
22.5
Imad Wasim to Markram, 1 run, flatter on the pads, Markram clips it through mid-wicket
22.4
Imad Wasim to Markram, no run, flighted delivery around off, Markram slices it to cover with a drive
22.3
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, slightly short around off, Fafdu Plessis punches it through covers for a single
22.2
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, shimmies down the wicket and drives the loopy delivery to wide long-off for a couple of runs
22.1
Imad Wasim to Markram, 1 run, drifting around off, full one that's been knocked past the diving bowler by Markram
21.6
Shadab Khan to Markram, 1 run, single off the last ball in the previous over, single off the last ball of this over too. That one was driven down to long-on, this one to long-off
21.5
Shadab Khan to Markram, no run, another loopy delivery by Shadab, good line and Markram can do nothing more than easing it back to the leggie
21.4
Shadab Khan to Markram, no run, floated around middle and leg, Markram tries to work it into the leg side but gets an inside edge towards mid-wicket
21.3
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, another decent delivery, skids along the deck and keeps straight, Fafdu Plessis chops it towards cover-point for a single
21.2
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, no run, goes a touch fuller now, extracts some quick spin too, Fafdu Plessis pats it into the off side
21.1
Shadab Khan to Markram, 1 run, punched to the right of sweeper cover for a single, played that shot off the back foot as it was slightly short
20.6
Imad Wasim to Markram, 1 run, tosses this one up as the ball drifts and dips late, Markram drives it down to long-on and retains strike
20.5
Imad Wasim to Markram, no run, back in his crease as he knocks the flatter ball to extra cover
20.4
Imad Wasim to Markram, no run, flighted ball around off, Markram pushes it to mid-off from within the crease
20.3
Imad Wasim to Markram, no run, drifting into the batsman on a full length, Markram eases it back to the bowler
20.2
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, tossed up ball on a slightly full length, Fafdu Plessis keeps his head steady and clips it through square leg
20.1
Imad Wasim to Markram, 1 run, skiddy floater outside off, keeps straight and it's been punched through covers
19.6
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, no run, tossed up delivery to end the over, inviting the batsman to have a go at it but Fafdu Plessis doesnt't, he simply eases it into the off side with a gentle push
19.5
Shadab Khan to Markram, 1 run, legbreak by Shadab, Markram makes room and drives it through mid-off
19.4
Shadab Khan to Markram, no run, flatter delivery around off, Markram blocks it well
19.3
Shadab Khan to Markram, no run, wrong 'un by Shadab and it's been defended nicely by Markram
19.2
Shadab Khan to De Kock, out Caught by Imam!! End of De Kock's sweet little knock. Third opener today who's getting out in the 40s. But is it a clean catch? Yup, it is. Imam has caught that with his fingers underneath. Clean as a whistle. The batsman's eyes lit up after seeing the ball tossed up and he slogsweeps this one to deep square leg. Imam in the deep is swift to move across as he holds on to it. Just the wicket Pakistan were looking for. The run rate has crossed the 7-run mark so they would need the new batsman to come in and unsettle few nerves in the opposition camp wkt (2-91) min (83m). De Kock c Imam b Shadab Khan 47(60) [4s-3 6s-2]
19.1
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flatter legbreak by Shadab Khan, Fafdu Plessis goes back in his crease and works it into the gap at mid-wicket
18.6
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, plays the last ball of the over with soft hands and quickly scampers across to the other end
18.5
Riaz to De Kock, 1 run, skiddy length ball outside off, bit of width on offer and it's been steered down to third man by De Kock
18.4
Riaz to De Kock, SIX, he's taking on the bowlers now. This is what spending some out in the middle can do. A short ball on the pads and De Kock picks it up nicely. Sends it over fine leg for half a dozen and moves his strike rate close to 80
18.3
Riaz to De Kock, FOUR, finally a boundary for De Kock. Not been at his best today but he's get the runs. An overpitched delivery outside off and De Kock squeezes it through point, away to the fence as the fielder in the deep was towards deep cover
18.2
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, length delivery around middle and leg, Fafdu Plessis works it through the on side and moves over to the other end
18.1
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, no run, pitched up by Riaz, in the channel outside off, Fafdu Plessis drives it with the angle but the man at extra cover stops it with a dive to his right
17.6
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, dipping into the batsman around middle and leg, Fafdu Plessis drives it along the ground and gets a single, long-on it is
17.5
Shadab Khan to De Kock, 1 run, down on his knee to play a slogsweep but finds the man at deep mid-wicket. Struggling to find those gaps, is De Kock
17.4
Shadab Khan to De Kock, no run, loose delivery down the leg side, De Kock paddles it straight to the man at short fine leg
17.3
Shadab Khan to De Kock, no run, reverse sweeps this one but straight to the fielder at short third man
17.2
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, loopy legbreak around off, Fafdu Plessis drills it to long-off for a single
17.1
Shadab Khan to De Kock, 1 run, flighted up at the stumps, driven to long-on
16.6
Riaz to De Kock, 1 run, back of a length, heaved into the on-side from De Kock. So satisfied he was with the connection that he didn't really run. And eventually ends up with just a single as deep midwicket gets around
16.5
Riaz to De Kock, no run, second short ball of the over, De Kock not willing to take it on yet. This bouncer at 144kph whistled over him
16.4
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length around middle and off, Fafdu Plessis guides this between point and cover
16.3
Riaz to De Kock, 1 run, low full toss slung in on middle and leg, flicked to fine leg
16.2
Riaz to De Kock, no run, Riaz follows up with a short ball now, De Kock sways away from it
16.1
Riaz to De Kock, no run, De Kock looks to unleash against Riaz. Audacious. Charges down at a length ball and swings his hands freely. But he's beaten on the outside edge
15.6
Shadab Khan to De Kock, 1 run, the slog-sweep again, didn't quite get hold of this one. Drops well in front of deep midwicket
15.5
Shadab Khan to De Kock, no run, the googly that's pretty full on middle. Flicked to midwicket
15.4
Shadab Khan to De Kock, no run, floated up on off, good drift in play. De Kock defends down the pitch
15.3
Shadab Khan to De Kock, SIX, just the flourish of his bat. One of De Kock's great strengths. Flighted leg-break on off, makes his mind up quickly and clouts the slog-sweep which goes skimming past deep midwicket
15.2
Shadab Khan to De Kock, no run, flighted leg-break on middle, defended back down the pitch
15.1
Shadab Khan to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, loops one up on middle to start off, Fafdu Plessis drives down to long-on
14.6
Riaz to De Kock, no run, proper short ball now. Lifts sharply in line with off and De Kock evades it quickly by sinking down at the crease
14.5
Riaz to De Kock, no run, can't hit the gap this time either. Shadab again. Width again from Riaz, not much, but enough. Can't keep bowling it there
14.4
Riaz to De Kock, no run, short of length outside off, slaps it hard and straight to Shadab at point
14.3
Riaz to De Kock, 2 runs, back of a length on middle and leg, neatly clipped wide of deep midwicket, back for two
14.2
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, back of a length delivery on leg stump, clipped down to fine leg
14.1
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, stabbed to point
13.6
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, works this through midwicket
13.5
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, checked push from Fafdu Plessis, just falls short of Wasim. Held up on him from a good length
13.4
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, now this will get him thinking further. A ball that grips from Wasim. Tossed up on off, Fafdu Plessis looks to push with a straight bat and a thick edge rolls to backward point
13.3
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, snakes into Fafdu Plessis, cramps him up and brings about a thick inside edge in defence
13.2
Imad Wasim to De Kock, 1 run, works it down to long-on
13.1
Imad Wasim to De Kock, FOUR, flighted up outside off, too full from Imad Wasim and De Kock smokes his lofted drive over extra cover. Nailed this
12.6
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, no run, too high, this bumper? Not according to the umpire. Fafdu Plessis has ducked under it
12.5
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length ball outside off, finds cover with the drive again
12.4
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, no run, pitched up outside off, driven to cover
12.3
Riaz to De Kock, 1 run, Fafdu Plessis and Riaz bump into each other, but this single is completed without any further drama. Short of length on off, De Kock mistimes it to mid-on. Wahab came across to field and got in Fafdu Plessis's path. No malice
12.2
Riaz to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, chopped to backward point
12.1
Riaz to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length at the body, something you get after annoying a pacer. Fafdu Plessis into a bit of a tangle as he looks to fend, but he adjusts by taking his bottom hand off, turns it into the on-side
11.6
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, works it with the angle through the on-side
11.5
Imad Wasim to De Kock, 1 run, flatter from Wasim, at the stumps, De Kock clips it through midwicket
11.4
Imad Wasim to De Kock, FOUR, this should feel good for De Kock. Nice juicy full ball outside off, although he did have to stretch for it. But once he got to the ball and laid his bat on it, there was no stopping. Sarfaraz clearly unhappy behind the stumps
11.3
Imad Wasim to De Kock, no run, length ball spinning in on leg, turned to midwicket
11.2
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, curves in on leg stump, nudged round the corner for one
11.1
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short ball outside off, slapped straight to extra cover
10.6
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, an off-cutter by the looks of it. Chopped off a thick under-edge to point. De Kock's 12 off 31 and struggling to find rhythm in his batting
10.5
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, no run, strays on middle and leg, gets lucky as De Kock flicks it straight to mid-on
10.4
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, slapped through to sweeper cover
10.3
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, full on leg stump, and it's been dealt with through some strong wristwork from Fafdu Plessis. Flicked crisply past mid-on. Sarfaraz walks down for a chat with his young bowler
10.2
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length ball outside off, left alone
10.1
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, 1 run, cutting in on middle, back of a length, De Kock clips it through to deep midwicket
9.6
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, he's squeezed this past mid-off for the boundary. Came down the pitch looking to force something, his last chance of capitalizing on the powerplay. Manages to convert this into a low full toss and jams it down the ground
9.5
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length ball that straightens a touch on off, Fafdu Plessis plays back to it, adjusts for the turn and blocks
9.4
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, dances down to this and works this to the right of short midwicket where Azam is sharp to cut off the single
9.3
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, no run, tossed up just outside off, driven to cover
9.2
Imad Wasim to De Kock, 1 run, flighted up on leg, clipped down to long-on
9.1
Imad Wasim to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, full ball drifting in at the stumps, Fafdu Plessis works it down to long-on
8.6
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, no run, back of a length, into De Kock to deny him the room. De Kock - on the lookout of any kind of width, finds none. Blocks it to cover
8.5
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, no run, pitched right up on off, 140kph, walks down and drives to mid-off
8.4
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, no run, overpitched outside off, jammed to cover
8.3
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, no run, length ball angling in sharply, strikes De Kock on the pad as he misses his flick. Was beaten for pace
8.2
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, no run, pitched up just outside off, smears the drive to cover
8.1
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, Shadab Khan flies to his left at backward point, body near parallel to the ground, hands - both of them - stretching every sinew. Fingertips, that's all he can get. Really tough chance, great effort. Full ball nipping away from off, Fafdu Plessis not shying away from his front foot drives. Gets away again
7.6
Amir to De Kock, no run, length ball on middle, straightens a touch and De Kock gets his forward defence off the outside half
7.5
Amir to De Kock, no run, short ball outside off, De Kock swats it to mid-on
7.4
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, takes the bait of a full and wide one, and edges it down to third man. The edge thick enough to bail him out. Went quite hard on the drive
7.3
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, steered to point
7.2
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery close to off, Fafdu Plessis wafts it to backward point
7.1
Amir to De Kock, 1 run, De Kock opened up by the swing, he's walking into the forward defence, and he's edged it. But it goes well wide of the solitary slip that's in place. Having a second slip wouldn't have helped either. Would've been well wide. Single down to third man
6.6
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery outside off, punches this to point
6.5
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length ball outside off, left alone. Hides his bat behind the back
6.4
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, it nips away from Afridi, thus exacerbating the angle that Fafdu Plessis is trying to contend with. He presses forward in defence but is convincingly beaten on the edge
6.3
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, 1 run, back of a length around off, De Kock scythes this to third man
6.2
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, planted in the blockhole outside off, Fafdu Plessis squeezes it down to third man
6.1
Shaheen Afridi to De Kock, 1 run, length ball on leg stump, flicked to the man at deep square leg
5.6
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, length ball swinging in on leg stump, Fafdu Plessis clips it wide of fine leg
5.5
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery outside off, an off-cutteer, glided it to backward point
5.4
Amir to De Kock, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, more conviction from De Kock, punching this crisply wide of Fakhar at point. Desperate dive from the Pakistan opener to get his hand on it
5.3
Amir to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery slanting in on middle and leg, turned to midwicket
5.2
Amir to De Kock, no run, short of length, curves away late and beats the outside edge! Turning out to be another top spell from Amir, setting the tone for Pakistan. De Kock was so tentative looking to punch this through point
5.1
Amir to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, steered to point
4.6
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, overpitched outside off, put away through extra cover. Nice flow on the bat from Fafdu Plessis there as he nails the drive
4.5
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length ball angling away outside off, another leave
4.4
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, lets this go with the angle as well
4.3
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length ball outside off, left alone
4.2
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length on off, blocked from the crease
4.1
Shaheen Afridi to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, this sight is so common with Fafdu Plessis. Happens far too often. Chases deliveries away from the body, weight not going into the shot and then gets the inside-edge in play. He's been dismissed chopping it back on plenty of times. This time though, it runs past off stump into the fine leg boundary
3.6
Amir to De Kock, no run, this one slants in with the arm, no swing, and ends up on De Kock's pads. Clipped to the midwicket fielder
3.5
Amir to De Kock, no run, fuller around off, has De Kock moving forward - reaching for the drive. It's played off the outside half to point. The balance isn't great. He's on the walk as he plays it
3.4
Amir to De Kock, no run, rare error from Amir but De Kock finds the fielder. This was short and wide, and with just three fielders in the ring, De Kock would feel he's missed out, slapping it straight to cover
3.3
Amir to De Kock, no run, pitched up just outside off, mistimed drive off the outside half to cover
3.2
Amir to De Kock, no run, squares him up with the outswinger. Short of length, nice shape from Amir. And crucially, it's late too. De Kock left his bat hanging but couldn't get close to this
3.1
Amir to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery outside off, guides this to point
2.6
Hafeez to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length on leg, turned to square leg
2.5
Hafeez to De Kock, 3 runs, great effort from Shaheen Afridi, chases it down with big bounding steps and then throws himself forward to keep the ball in play. De Kock had found the gap through cover with this drive, nicely leant into the ball. Gamely chase by Afridi from mid-off
2.4
Hafeez to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flat into leg stump, clipped through midwicket
2.3
Hafeez to De Kock, 1 run, nice drift. De Kock wants to drive through extra-cover, but it curves back into him and he gets it off the inside half down to mid-on instead
2.2
Hafeez to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, and Hafeez bowls to that field change. With the off-side weakened, he turns it into the pads and is nudged through backward square
2.1
Hafeez to De Kock, 1 run, back of a length, sliding in at the stumps, De Kock punches to long-on
1.6
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery across off, Fafdu Plessis blocks from the crease
1.5
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, plays it finer this time, rolling his wrists on the ball nicely wide of fine leg. Back for two
1.4
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, back of a length on leg stump, this time Fafdu Plessis clips it neatly through square leg
1.3
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, no run, this is brilliant from Amir. He's got the ball curving. Back of a length, hoops into Fafdu Plessis. It came back in so late that the South African captain didn't have time to adjust. His upper-body falls over, even as the ball gets wedged between the two legs. Too high for the leg-before
1.2
Amir to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery across off, Fafdu Plessis has it covered in defence. Right behind the line
1.1
Amir to Amla, out Lbw!! Amir likes this LBW shout. He implores Sarfaraz to consider a review, and apparently makes a good enough case for it. There was a hint of inswing but everything about this appeared to be leg-sidish. Oh well, what do I know! It's pitched in line with leg, straightened and would've crashed into leg-stump as per ball-tracking. What a start from the left-armer, and an equally good decision to take the review. Back of a length, curves in at Amla who shuffles across for a clip but misses the line. Not for the first time, South Africa suffer an early blow in this tournament wkt (1-7) min (7m). Amla lbw b Amir 2(3)
0.6
Hafeez to De Kock, no run, not enough room to cut, De Kock makes some of his own and cuts it from off stump to point
0.5
Hafeez to De Kock, no run, shimmies down to a flighted delivery, realizes he's not to the pitch and defends
0.4
Hafeez to De Kock, no run, drifting in at the stumps, De Kock gets forward and defends
0.3
Hafeez to Amla, 1 run, eased down to long-on
0.2
Hafeez to De Kock, 1 run, a chance shelled at mid-on by a diving Wahab Riaz! Flighted up full, De Kock - the very first ball he faces - wants to power it over mid-on but can't get underneath the length. It goes flat to the right of Riaz who dives, strangely going with a reverse-cup for a catch this low. It pops out
0.1
Hafeez to Amla, 1 run, spinning in on middle and leg, clipped through midwicket
0.1
Hafeez to Amla, wide, starts with a filthy ball well down leg, Amla lets it go
Commentary
Amla,Miller,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Lungi Ngidi
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Mohammad Amir, Shaheen Afridi,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Imad Wasim
