16.1
J Mendis to Munro, 1 run, there it is! The very definition of a clinical win! New Zealand win by ten wickets, and Sri Lanka's doom arrives, fittingly, in the form of mediocrity - a terrible loopy delivery on the pads, and that's just nudged away into the on-side for a single to seal the deal for the Kiwis
15.6
Malinga to Guptill, 2 runs, low dipping full-toss on the pads, clipped away towards deep square leg for a couple and the scores are level
15.5
Malinga to Guptill, no run, Free-hit, fires in an inch-perfect yorker, Guptill can do nothing but dig it back out to him
15.5
Malinga to Guptill, no ball, 4, oversteps, and bowls it short without any venom, pulled away with a bit of a hop towards the fine leg fence for four
15.4
Malinga to Guptill, FOUR, short and into the body, Guptill swivels on his heel and pulls it away to the fine leg fence for four
15.4
Malinga to Guptill, wide, a short one, but down leg this time, Guptill ducks partially, but doesn't really need to. Flies over his head.
15.3
Malinga to Guptill, 2 runs, back of a length slower one from round the wicket, tucked off the hips towards backward square leg for a couple
15.2
Malinga to Munro, 1 run, short one into the arm-pit, Munro hops and gets the bat down just in time to jab at a pull towards backward square leg for a single. Not a commanding pull - a rather apprehensive one
15.1
Malinga to Guptill, 1 run, a slower one, dipping on the batsman but gets the line wrong - angling into the leg-side - and that's clipped away late towards deep square leg for a single
14.6
J Mendis to Guptill, 1 run, the round-arm fire outside off, Guptill cracks the cut towards backward point and a fumble allows the single to be taken with ease
14.5
J Mendis to Guptill, SIX, this is into River Taff. Superb use of the feet. Guptill dances down the wicket, gets to the pitch of the flighted delivery and smokes it straight back over the bowler. The ball is lost and the fourth umpire is walking out with a box of balls
14.4
J Mendis to Munro, 1 run, straight delivery and Munro nudges it past mid-wicket, for a single
14.3
J Mendis to Guptill, leg byes, 1 run, drifting down leg and Guptill's deflects it off the pad
14.2
J Mendis to Guptill, no run, flighted on the stumps, Guptill turns it to mid-wicket
14.1
J Mendis to Guptill, 2 runs, flatter delivery on middle and leg, Guptill wrists it with soft hands wide of long-on and hurries back for the second
13.6
Perera to Munro, no run, charges down the wicket and is met by a shortened length, Munro still goes through with his slash and is beaten on the top-edge by the extra bounce. Thisara went up immediately and he was the only one convinced, Karunaratne took a chance and it didn't pay off
13.5
Perera to Munro, FOUR, fuller and outside off, Munro does not bother to keep the drive and hits it to the right of mid-off. No need to run for that as he got it right off the sweet spot
13.4
Perera to Munro, no run, bends low to play that whip through the leg-side, but the angle did not allow him to make connection. He's beaten on the outside edge
13.3
Perera to Munro, 2 runs, Munro's turn to raise his bat. He gets to his 8th ODI fifty and one that would count for more. Munro was facing stiff competition for the opener's spot but this knock might have just sealed it in his favour. Back of a length delivery and Munro tucks it through mid-wicket for a couple
13.2
Perera to Guptill, 1 run, back of a length around off, Guptill punches it square of the wicket on the off-side
13.1
Perera to Munro, 1 run, on a length around off, Munro drops it into the off-side and races across
12.6
Udana to Guptill, SIX, fifty for Guptill. He could not have asked for a better start in the World Cup. Gets there with a typical Guptill shot - the no-look flick over wide long-on. Udana bowls it full on middle and leg, Guptill likes it there and he dispatches it with ease over the the rope
12.5
Udana to Guptill, 2 runs, straying on the pads and Guptill flicks it into the vast vacant spaces on the leg-side, for a brace
12.4
Udana to Guptill, no run, good length ball on off, Guptill jams it off the inner half onto the pad and the ball drops near his feet
12.3
Udana to Munro, 1 run, a finger roller and Munro had to delay his punch, gets it past point and he crosses over
12.2
Udana to Munro, no run, beaten! Sri Lankan bowlers have had no luck. They have beaten the bat and the edges have landed safely. This was a good length delivery outside off, Munro looks to drive on the rise and is beaten on the outside edge
12.1
Udana to Guptill, 1 run, full and outside off, Guptill bends down and drives square of the wicket, sweeper cuts it off
11.6
Perera to Guptill, 1 run, full and outside off, Guptill spoons the drive to sweeper cover
11.5
Perera to Munro, 1 run, back of a length on middle, Munro tucks it into the leg-side, for a single
11.4
Perera to Munro, FOUR, once more a New Zealand batsman looks at the base of his bat. Munro charges down and gives it everything on the bash, he manages to beat a diving mid-off to collect a boundary
11.3
Perera to Guptill, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Guptill drives to long-off
11.2
Perera to Munro, 1 run, slanting away from the left hander, Munro's tentative poke takes the outside edge to third man
11.1
Perera to Guptill, leg byes, 1 run, short of length on the hips, Guptill misses the tuck and the ball deflects off the thigh pad, Munro scampers across for a quick run
10.6
Udana to Guptill, 1 run, finger roller on off, Guptill wrists it to mid-on and takes on Malinga, easily stolen
10.5
Udana to Munro, 1 run, full and zeroing in at the stumps, Munro eases it down to long-on
10.4
Udana to Munro, no run, swing and miss. Back of a length and Udana is generating tennis ball kinda bounce, Munro swings through the line and is undone by the extra bit of bounce. Not far from the outside edge
10.3
Udana to Guptill, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads, nurdled away to square leg
10.2
Udana to Munro, 1 run, another edge that is safe. Munro goes chasing after the length delivery outside off and the outside edge runs away fine, third man is straighter and he keeps it down to a single
10.1
Udana to Guptill, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Guptill drills the drive to long-off
9.6
Perera to Munro, FOUR, edged and four. First slip would have gobbled that up. But with Thisara's inconsistency, Karunaratne had not provided him that luxury. Back of a length angled across off, Munro looks to force it from the crease and the outside edge flies away to third man
9.5
Perera to Munro, no run, on a length just outside off, Munro drives without conviction to cover
9.4
Perera to Guptill, 1 run, lands safely behind mid-off. Guptill decides to go down town, but gets it off the toe-end and fortunately for him, the ball clears a backtracking Lakmal. Guptill has a look at his bat after completing the single
9.3
Perera to Guptill, no run, decks in from back of a length and Guptill is cramped, he knocks it to point
9.2
Perera to Guptill, FOUR, finally something off the middle after some time. Short of length and Guptill plays a wristy short-arm jab through mid-wicket, the timing was good enough to take the ball to the fence
9.1
Perera to Guptill, no run, fuller and outside off, Guptill goes hard on the drive and mistimes it to cover
8.6
Udana to Munro, no run, low full toss around off, Munro eases it with soft hands to mid-off
8.5
Udana to Guptill, 1 run, Guptill keeps having a go at Udana. Steps out to mow it across the line, the inside edge rolls to deep square leg
8.4
Udana to Guptill, FOUR, another lucky boundary for Guptill. Short and hurried him on the pull, Guptill, who has been very good with his pull shots, cannot control the shot and the top-edge flies over the slip cordon
8.3
Udana to Guptill, FOUR, edged and four! Sees the width outside off and throws his bat, he has to really reach out and all he can manage is a toe-edge to third man. No one there to stop the boundary
8.2
Udana to Guptill, no run, oh! Udana almost had his man. Guptill steps down and looks to heave it over mid-on, but the ball cuts in to beat the inside edge and luckily for Guptill it bounces over the stumps.
8.1
Udana to Guptill, no run, slanted across off, Guptill's firm forward press takes the ball quickly to mid-off
7.6
Lakmal to Munro, FOUR, in the air and wide of square leg. There was a fielder placed specifically for this shot and Munro has managed to evade him. Angled in from a fullish length, Munro flicks it uppishly to the left of square leg and the ball races away
7.5
Lakmal to Munro, 2 runs, slower delivery which Munro eases through cover-point, just a gentle push and he collects two
7.4
Lakmal to Guptill, 1 run, short of length around off, Guptill punches it to mid-off and calls Munro through
7.3
Lakmal to Guptill, 2 runs, back of a length outside off, Guptill wanted to hack it over mid-wicket but ends up dragging it off the inner portion to deep backward square, Malinga cannot prevent the second
7.2
Lakmal to Guptill, no run, good length ball outside off, Guptill lifts his bat and lets it go
7.1
Lakmal to Guptill, no run, he was backing away and Lakmal spotted, tied him up with a back of a length delivery and Guptill can only block it back
6.6
Malinga to Munro, 2 runs, short of length at the body, Munro is on one leg as he pulls it behind square leg, the tag team work of Udana and Mendis keeps it down to a brace
6.5
Malinga to Guptill, 1 run, not where he intended but Guptill will take a single. He was looking to go over mid-off but the bat turned on impact and he ended up slicing the loft over cover, there is a sweeper in position
6.4
Malinga to Guptill, 2 runs, full toss on the legs, Guptill tickles it past short fine and is happy with a couple
6.3
Malinga to Munro, 1 run, arrowing in at the stumps from a fullish length, Munro squirts an inside edge backward of square
6.2
Malinga to Munro, no run, sharp bouncer and Munro thought about taking it on, but aborted at the last second. Good decision as the ball was climbing on him and he would not have been able to control the pull/hook
6.1
Malinga to Munro, FOUR, streaky but Munro won't mind it. Malinga offered him width outside off, Munro throws everything at the slash and the outside edge flies wide of short third man
5.6
Lakmal to Munro, 1 run, full and at the pads, Munro flicks it away in front of square leg, retains strike
5.5
Lakmal to Munro, no run, angled in and keeps it close to off-stump, Munro knocks it in front of mid-on
5.4
Lakmal to Munro, SIX, one ball off the middle and that is enough for the modern batsman to feel confident. Munro shimmies down the wicket, gets close to the length delivery and swings it through the line over long-on
5.3
Lakmal to Munro, FOUR, first loose delivery that Lakmal has bowled. Short and outside off, Munro generally stays leg-side of the ball and that gives him the room to go through the off-side, flays it over the infield for his first boundary
5.2
Lakmal to Munro, no run, curling into the pads and Munro fails to connect with the clip, off the pad to mid-wicket
5.1
Lakmal to Munro, 2 runs, swinging into the pads, Munro relies on timing the flick and gets it through the unmanned mid-wicket area, Thirimanne runs across from deep square and puts in the slide, does enough to keep it to a brace
5.1
Lakmal to Munro, wide, swinging down leg and Munro was nowhere close to the ball to play the glance, easy call for the ump
4.6
Malinga to Guptill, FOUR, Guptill has been superb with the pull shot today. This was short and around chest height, Guptill gets into a good position and pulls it square on the leg-side. No chance for the fielder in the deep
4.5
Malinga to Munro, 1 run, he's struggling for timing. Hasn't got one ball off the middle. Fullish delivery slanting in, Munro goes hard on the drive and the inside edge deflects off the pad into the off-side
4.4
Malinga to Munro, no run, very full and close to yorker length, jammed out into the off-side
4.3
Malinga to Guptill, 1 run, banged in short, Guptill is in complete control of the pull shot, rolls his wrists and hits it down the ground to deep square leg, picks out the fielder there and hence only a single
4.2
Malinga to Munro, 1 run, went for the yorker but it ends up as a full toss on the pads, Munro squirts it off the inside edge to fine leg
4.1
Malinga to Munro, no run, angling in around off, Munro goes for the drive with his feet going nowhere, the inside edge ricochets onto the pad
3.6
Lakmal to Guptill, no run, swing and miss. Guptill walks down and has a big swish at the length delivery outside off, he had backed away as well which made it difficult for him to reach the ball
3.5
Lakmal to Munro, 1 run, cramps the batsman for space with a back of a length delivery, tucked to square leg
3.4
Lakmal to Guptill, 1 run, just over gully. Guptill is staying leg-side to flay the ball over the off-side field, but this ball moved away and his half-hearted waft got it over the fielder, third man tidies up
3.3
Lakmal to Guptill, no run, three quarter length in the channel, Guptill is watchful in his defence to cover
3.2
Lakmal to Guptill, no run, shortens the length and hits the splice of the bat, Guptill played it with soft hands into the off-side and wanted a single, which Munro was not interested in
3.1
Lakmal to Munro, leg byes, 1 run, swinging into the pads and Munro is beaten by the movement, he doesn't get his bat across and is pinged on the pad. The ball was heading down leg and struck outside leg-stump as well, hence Lakmal quickly aborts from his appeal
2.6
Malinga to Guptill, no run, pitched up around off, Guptill knocks it with a straight bat to mid-on
2.5
Malinga to Guptill, no run, gives himself room to crack it through the off-side, but the slingy length delivery fizzes past the outside edge
2.4
Malinga to Munro, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads, Munro works it away past mid-wicket, for a single
2.3
Malinga to Munro, no run, very full and close to yorker length, Munro squeezes it out to mid-off
2.2
Malinga to Guptill, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Guptill eases it through cover and rotates strike
2.1
Malinga to Munro, 1 run, short and at the body, Munro takes his eyes off as he pulls to fine leg. The wrist roll at the point of contact helped him keep it along the ground
1.6
Lakmal to Munro, 1 run, too straight - on middle and leg, tucked away into the vacant mid-wicket pocket
1.5
Lakmal to Munro, no run, curling in from a fuller length, Munro stays cemented to the crease and pushes it to mid-on
1.4
Lakmal to Munro, no run, angled across the lifts his bat and lets it go outside off, Munro lifts his bat and lets it go
1.3
Lakmal to Munro, 2 runs, now Munro decides to give the charge, is cramped by the short of length delivery, heaves it along the ground backward of square leg, the two fielders in the deep keep it down to a brace
1.2
Lakmal to Munro, no run, back of a length on off-stump, Munro is right behind the line to defend
1.1
Lakmal to Munro, no run, hint of nibble for Lakmal. But the length is on the shorter side and Munro is beaten on the inside edge, the ball hits him near the thigh pad and rolls away to the cordon
0.6
Malinga to Guptill, FOUR, ends the over with another boundary. Malinga tries to surprise the batsman with a short ball, but he's not the Malinga of old, the ball just sat up and Guptill swivels to nail the pull backward of square
0.5
Malinga to Munro, 1 run, nails the yorker on leg-stump, Munro digs it out to deep square leg
0.4
Malinga to Guptill, 1 run, fuller and around off, Guptill drives to mid-off and sets off for a quick single. The fielder was sitting on the edge of the 30-yard circle and the run was on
0.3
Malinga to Guptill, FOUR, Guptill decides it is better to play shots than prod and nudge. He walks down the wicket while giving himself room and lofts the full delivery over, couple of bounces and into the fence. He didn't get it off the middle but the aim was to get it over the infield which he did with ease
0.2
Malinga to Guptill, no run, edged and safe. The ball does not carry to second slip. Fuller and getting that away movement, Guptill has a tentative poke and the outside edge lands in front of Karunaratne, who only gets a hand to make a half stop
0.1
Malinga to Guptill, no run, gentle good length delivery at 127kph, Guptill sees the width outside off and drives on the rise, finds cover in the way
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill, Kane Williamson (c), Colin de Grandhomme,Munro, Trent Boult, Tom Latham (wk), James Neesham, Matt Henry, Mitchell Santner, Lockie Ferguson
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Isuru Udana, Thisara Perera,Thirimanne,J Mendis, Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
