49.6
Woakes to Shadab Khan, FOUR, falls just short of a yorker this time, a half-volley, and that's clubbed away to long-on - a desperate dive from Roy, a last-ditch effort, but it evades him and makes the fence. Sums up his day. England will hope it doesn't carry over into his batting.
49.5
Woakes to Shadab Khan, no run, perfect yorker length delivery, nothing to do but dig it back out
49.4
Woakes to Shadab Khan, 2 runs, yorker length delivery dug out to long-on, a throw by Roy from the boundary, and an overthrow towards third man to make it a couple
49.3
Woakes to Shadab Khan, FOUR, short ball, another blind hook, massive top-edge over the 'keeper towards long stop for four
49.2
Woakes to Hasan Ali, 1 run, nasty bumper @135km/h at the head, Hasan Ali has a blind hook and is struck on the helmet! Gets a deflection away to third man for a woozy single
49.1
Woakes to Shoaib Malik, out Caught by Morgan! He's miscued a half-volley! A poor delivery, deserved to be whacked into the stands, but Malik makes the mistake of going across the line - tries swatting it over cow corner and gets a leading edge - Morgan settles under it at cover. Well-judged take wkt (8-337) min (18m). Shoaib Malik c Morgan b Woakes 8(8)
48.6
Jofra Archer to Hasan Ali, SIX, picks the bones out of that slower one @121km/h, the length ball, and absolutely smokes the cross-batted club over long-off for six! Useful hit!
48.5
Jofra Archer to Hasan Ali, no run, short and outside off, Hasan Ali clears his leg and tries carting it into the on-side misses
48.4
Jofra Archer to Shoaib Malik, 1 run, back of a length delivery skidding through without much width, slower one @112km/h, steered away delicately to third man for a single
48.3
Jofra Archer to Shoaib Malik, no run, good length delivery wide outside off, Shoaib Malik crouches to get level with the ball and has a slash at it - misses
48.2
Jofra Archer to Hasan Ali, 1 run, inch-perfect yorker length delivery @143km/h, Hasan Ali digs it out neatly to extra cover for a single
48.1
Jofra Archer to Hasan Ali, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on leg, Hasan Ali chips it to long-on for a couple - a huge dive by Hasan Ali at the striker's end
47.6
Woakes to Shoaib Malik, 2 runs, Shoaib Malik backs away, Woakes follows him with a full-toss on the pads, clipped away to mid-wicket for a brace
47.5
Woakes to Riaz, out Caught by Root! Another one bites the dust! He's angled the length delivery towards leg-stump, and Riaz has an almighty heave-ho into the on-side. A bit of grip, and a leading edge that's skied into the off-side as Joe Root settles under it at backward point. A useful boundary, and an efficient knock by Riaz wkt (7-325) min (4m). Riaz c Root b Woakes 4(2) [4s-1]
47.4
Woakes to Riaz, FOUR, strays on the pads, Riaz just needs to get some bat on it, finds out that he is good enough to do so, and gets a deflection away to the fine leg fence for four
47.3
Woakes to Shoaib Malik, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads @119km/h, clipped away towards deep square leg for a single
47.3
Woakes to Shoaib Malik, wide, strays down leg-side, wide called
47.2
Woakes to Sarfaraz, out Caught&Bowled! A brainfreeze from Sarfaraz! A short one, right at the fulcrum of the lever system - Sarfaraz is looking to pull it after shuffling across to the off-side, but ends up not taking the metaphorical leap completely - just gets a top-edge that balloons up towards cover point and Woakes rushes across on his followthrough to take the c&b. A very scratchy (but important) innings comes to an end wkt (6-319) min (68m). Sarfaraz c & b Woakes 55(44) [4s-5]
47.1
Woakes to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, yorker length delivery on the stumps @133km/h, Sarfaraz goes deep in his crease and toe-ends a drive towards long-on for a couple. Fantastic running...
46.6
Mark Wood to Shoaib Malik, 2 runs, short of length delivery on the hips @138km/h, tucked away off a hop in front of square leg for a couple
46.5
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps @148km/h, Sarfaraz backs away and clubs it to long-on for a single
46.4
Mark Wood to Shoaib Malik, 1 run, short, minimal width, guided to Rashid at short third man and a sharp single completed - Rashid, not the quickest of the English fielders
46.3
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, 1 run, slower one, short of length just outside off, waits on it and taps it on the head to glide it towards short third man for a quick single
46.2
Mark Wood to Shoaib Malik, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the pads, middle stump, clipped away towards deep backward square leg for a single
46.1
Mark Wood to Asif Ali, out Caught by Bairstow! Not the best delivery, a slower one @127km/h, short and wide outside off, Asif Ali waits on it and slaps it hard towards the sweeper cover fence where Bairstow leaps and takes the catch above his head. A useful cameo comes to an end from Asif Ali, and perhaps that will cost Pakistan a few runs wkt (5-311) min (17m). Asif Ali c Bairstow b Mark Wood 14(11) [6s-1]
45.6
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, 4 runs, short and wide, Sarfaraz slashes it to point, a throw from Root as there is confusion between the batsmen, and he throws at the striker's end - overthrows to the square leg fence for four overthrows and that's a fifty for Sarfaraz!
45.5
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, FOUR, @144km/h, Sarfaraz has timed the pants off this, finally, and our co-comm. Sagar Chawla is on his feet to applaud! Clubs it away over the in-field to the long-off fence for four
45.4
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, another short one outside off, another mistimes pull, and away to mid-wicket for a couple
45.3
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, short one at the body @140km/h, Sarfaraz top-edges a hook, doesn't even clear the inner circle, and it's so poorly timed that they manage a couple
45.2
Jofra Archer to Asif Ali, 1 run, 146km/h yorker length delivery on leg and middle, clipped away to backward square leg for a single
45.1
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, @142km/h, Sarfaraz backs away and digs it out to long-on for a single
44.6
Mark Wood to Asif Ali, no run, length delivery wide outside off, Asif Ali backs away - a little too much - and can't reach it
44.5
Mark Wood to Asif Ali, 2 runs, short of length delivery @143km/h, clubbed away cross-batted to straightish long-on where Stokes dives and cuts it off
44.4
Mark Wood to Asif Ali, no run, short one again, @143km/h, Asif Ali hops and has a go at an agricultural hook, misses
44.3
Mark Wood to Asif Ali, 2 runs, fuller length delivery @138km/h, Asif Ali clubs it with poor timing towards long-off and it dribbles away for a couple - the second one only because of a misfield by Woakes
44.2
Mark Wood to Asif Ali, no run, shortish and wide, but the slower variation @124km/h, Asif Ali has a slash at it, misses
44.1
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, 1 run, length ball on the stumps, Sarfaraz tries a cross-batted heave, poor timing, and almost carries to mid-off where the fielder dives but it falls short - just a single
43.6
Jofra Archer to Asif Ali, no run, @141km/h, short one at the body, Asif Ali takes his eye off the ball and evades in an ungainly manner
43.5
Jofra Archer to Asif Ali, SIX, @113km/h slower delivery, stopped on the pitch, very short and very wide, to the point of dipping on the batsman, Asif Ali waits - and waits some more - and slaps it over deep point for a massive six!
43.4
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps @146km/h, Sarfaraz backs away into the on-side and clubs it to mid-off for a quick single
43.3
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, short of length delivery just outside off, Sarfaraz clears his front-leg and steers it away to deep backward point for a single
43.2
Jofra Archer to Asif Ali, 1 run, slower one @118km/h, length delivery outside off, Asif Ali has a slog gets an outside edge away to third man for a single
43.2
Jofra Archer to Asif Ali, wide, short and soaring over his head, wide called
43.1
Jofra Archer to Asif Ali, 2 runs, @143km/h, length delivery on the pads, clipped away in front of deep square leg for a couple. A throw by Bairstow and at the non-striker's end, and Sarfaraz was gone, had Archer collected it - not to be
42.6
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, no run, shot and wide outside off, Sarfaraz hops and tries an upper-cut, misses
42.5
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, no run, fuller length delivery on the pads, Sarfaraz misses the flick, struck on the pads, probably going down leg and hence the appeal is turned down - and England have no reviews left
42.4
Mark Wood to Hafeez, out Caught by Woakes! A third catch for Woakes, and another tumbling take! A tad fuller than a half-volley @146km/h, Hafeez timed the pants off this one, but didn't get the required elevation - Woakes comes around and dives to take another impressive catch today. A fantastic take at long-off and Hafeez misses out on a well-deserved hundred wkt (4-279) min (99m). Hafeez c Woakes b Mark Wood 84(62) [4s-8 6s-2]
42.3
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, slower one @129km/h, Sarfaraz tries cutting it away, but the lack of bounce makes him chop it off the under-edge towards gully for a quick single
42.2
Mark Wood to Hafeez, 1 run, another half-volley outside off @146km/h, Hafeez lofts it flat over the in-field towards sweeper cover for a single
42.1
Mark Wood to Hafeez, SIX, terrible half-volley on the pads @146km/h, Hafeez just casually flicks it in the air and it soars over backward square leg for six! Fantastic hit!
41.6
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, 1 run, another short one into the ribcage @141km/h, Hafeez is late on the pull, gets it away off the sticker towards backward square leg for a single
41.5
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, no run, double-bluff, short one just outside off, Hafeez tries ramping it towards third man, misses
41.4
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, no run, a spine-cracking bumper @139km/h, Hafeez ducks under it and evades. Through to the 'keeper
41.3
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, FOUR, half-volley just outside off, right in the slot for Hafeez, who lofts it inside out between extra cover and long-off for four
41.2
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, 1 run, another attempted yorker @139km/h, low full-toss instead, Sarfaraz clears his leg again and slugs it away towards long-on for a single
41.1
Jofra Archer to Sarfaraz, no run, yorker length delivery @140km/h, backs away into the on-side and digs it back out to the bowler. Right on the money
40.6
Stokes to Hafeez, 2 runs, low full toss outside off, Hafeez pushes the drive through extra cover and that's two more. Stokes is not amused with that and he kicks the ball in anger
40.5
Stokes to Hafeez, 2 runs, full and drifting into the pads, Hafeez helps it with a flick to the right of fine leg, a diving stop by Archer keeps it down to two
40.4
Stokes to Hafeez, FOUR, slower short ball down the leg-side, Hafeez sets himself on the back foot and clatters the pull through square leg with immaculate timing
40.3
Stokes to Sarfaraz, 1 run, pins the yorker in the blockhole, Sarfaraz jams it into the off-side and they sneak through for a quick single
40.2
Stokes to Sarfaraz, FOUR, change of pace but the length is too full and that allows Sarfaraz to get under and clonk this wide of the fielder at mid-on. Game of inches this...
40.1
Stokes to Sarfaraz, no run, Sarfaraz is struggling for timing but he continues to roll on...tries to whip this full delivery of the pads but can only get it as far as mid-on
39.6
Woakes to Sarfaraz, 1 run, very full and wide of off, Sarfaraz squeezes the drive on the off-side and pinches a quick single
39.5
Woakes to Sarfaraz, FOUR, clears his front leg, picks the slower ball early and pummels this over the leaping fielder at mid-on, brings up Pakistan's 250 too
39.4
Woakes to Hafeez, 1 run, 121ks back of a length outside off, Hafeez jumps and guides a single neatly down to third man
39.3
Woakes to Sarfaraz, 1 run, shuffles away to the leg-side and pulls the short ball on the leg-side, on the bounce to the fielder at deep square
39.2
Woakes to Hafeez, 1 run, off-cutter just outside off, Hafeez brings his bat down straight and plays with soft hands to pinch a quick single on the off-side
39.1
Woakes to Sarfaraz, 1 run, makes room and slogs the 122ks full delivery to the right of mid-on, no timing obviously and the fielding horrors continue for England
38.6
Stokes to Sarfaraz, 1 run, 122ks short on the stumps, Sarfaraz drags the pull off the toe-end through mid-wicket
38.5
Stokes to Sarfaraz, no run, slower dipping yorker on off-stump, Sarfaraz can only squeeze it under his eyes
38.4
Stokes to Sarfaraz, no run, backs away and drags the slog to mid-on
38.3
Stokes to Hafeez, 1 run, back of a length on leg-stump, tickled away backwards of square leg
38.2
Stokes to Hafeez, 2 runs, full outside off, another silky drive from Hafeez and he'll get two more
38.1
Stokes to Hafeez, FOUR, England's fielding has been horrible today, and we haven't said that often since Morgan took over captaincy. Slower full ball outside off, Hafeez leans on the drive and a terrible misfield at mid-off allows Hafeez to fetch his sixth boundary of the day
37.6
Woakes to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, another vacuous slog from Sarfaraz and this time Bairstow shows brilliant reflexes to haul the ball back with a well-timed dive at the deep mid-wicket fence
37.6
Woakes to Sarfaraz, wide, bowls a searing bouncer on the stumps, Sarfaraz looks to pull but it's too high reckons the umpire
37.5
Woakes to Hafeez, 1 run, looks to lap this away fine, but no pace from Woakes, bowls it at 118ks and therefore, it takes the inside half and rolls to the right of fine leg
37.4
Woakes to Hafeez, no run, steered to the left of point where Roy dives and denies a single for Hafeez
37.3
Woakes to Sarfaraz, 1 run, on a length around middle and leg, Sarfaraz shuffles across and works it off his hip on the leg-side
37.2
Woakes to Sarfaraz, no run, tries to guide this fine of third man but the extra bounce of Woakes beats Sarfaraz's outside edge
37.1
Woakes to Sarfaraz, FOUR, juicy length delivery from Woakes, Sarfaraz had his front leg cleared and all he needed to do was post the ball in the gap; does it with superb perfection as he heaves this over mid-wicket for an easy boundary
36.6
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, no run, quicker delivery just outside off, Hafeez gets down on one knee and misses the sweep. Impact well outside off and would have missed off pole anyway
36.5
Moeen Ali to Sarfaraz, 1 run, touch short on the stumps, pulled away over mid-wicket, only a single
36.4
Moeen Ali to Sarfaraz, no run, gets back and mistimes the cut to backward point
36.3
Moeen Ali to Sarfaraz, no run, slightly quicker and just outside off, Sarfaraz goes with hard hands on the cut and misses it by a whisker, wasn't far from the edge either
36.2
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, 1 run, strides forward, pushes the drive wide of cover and gets across for a quick single
36.1
Moeen Ali to Sarfaraz, 1 run, 80ks fullish outside off, Sarfaraz gets forward and across to flick it wide of deep square, a misfield by Stokes this time but the duo don't risk a second
35.6
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, 1 run, allows Sarfaraz to sit back and punch the back of a length delivery wide of mid-off
35.6
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, wide, short and drifts down the leg-side, wided, Sarfaraz misses the pull
35.5
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, 142ks short at the body, Sarfaraz swivels and pulls to deep square and to make matters worse for England, the ball nutmegs James Vince - the sub - at deep square
35.4
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, no run, 148ks closer to off-stump, Sarfaraz swings and misses, yells out a loud roar in frustration
35.3
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, no run, 146ks angled in from wide of the crease, Sarfaraz looks to push it through the off-side and gets an inside edge onto pad
35.2
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, no run, 130ks full delivery outside off, Sarfaraz clears his front leg and toe-ends the smash to mid-on. No timing whatsoever
35.1
Mark Wood to Hafeez, 1 run, gets a hint of width outside off and Hafeez's happy to knock it down to third man
34.6
Moeen Ali to Sarfaraz, FOUR, gets low and takes on the full delivery on leg-stump, a top-edge on the sweep but Sarfaraz won't mind one bit for he has managed to get it over the fielder at 45
34.5
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, 1 run, forces this flatter delivery through covers
34.4
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, no run, slider on off, Hafeez blocks from the crease
34.3
Moeen Ali to Sarfaraz, 1 run, nudged round the corner
34.2
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, 1 run, misfield and Hafeez gets away! He tapped this to the left of mid-on and Roy slid over the ball allowing the duo to get away with a probable run-out mishap. Hafeez was nearly at the bowling end when the ball passed Roy, Sarfraz wasn't even moving
34.1
Moeen Ali to Sarfaraz, 1 run, flighted on off, Sarfaraz works it through mid-wicket for a single
33.6
Mark Wood to Hafeez, FOUR, fifty for Mohammad Hafeez! Gets there with a lovely drive down the ground, was a low full toss and all Hafeez needed to do was put bat to ball. T-I-M-E-D dead straight
33.5
Mark Wood to Sarfaraz, 1 run, 141ks short of length outside off, Sarfaraz opens the face and taps this gently wide of backward point. Off the mark with a quick single
33.4
Mark Wood to Hafeez, 1 run, 149ks, Hafeez plonks this with straight bat in front of mid-off and collects a quick single
33.3
Mark Wood to Hafeez, FOUR, 139ks short ball outside off, Hafeez swivels and uses Mark Wood's pace to slot the pull between deep backward square and fine leg
33.2
Mark Wood to Hafeez, no run, looks to guide this down to third man, but the short of length delivery holds its line and zips past the outside edge
33.1
Mark Wood to Hafeez, no run, lifter outside off, Hafeez lets it go
32.6
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, 1 run, shortish on off, Hafeez gets across and helps it wide of square leg
32.5
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, out Caught by Woakes!! Three for Moeen Ali. Pakistan's top three are back in the hut. Babar Azam was denied boundaries in the last five overs and that clearly played on his mind. Shimmied down and showed no conviction on his hack across the line, nowhere near the middle of the bat and Woakes takes a fine low catch running in from wide long-on. Babar Azam knows he's thrown it away and slams his pads in frustration wkt (3-199) min (83m). Babar Azam c Woakes b Moeen Ali 63(66) [4s-4 6s-1]
32.4
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, 1 run, leaves the stumps exposed and cuts the quicker delivery to the left of backward point
32.3
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, no run, opens the face and pushes the full ball to backward point. A direct hit at the batting end, but Hafeez's well inside
32.2
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, leg byes, 1 run, this offbreak slides in quickly from a good length and hits Babar Azam high on the back pad to beat his flick
32.1
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, 1 run, flatter around off, Hafeez gets low and brooms it through square leg
31.6
Mark Wood to Hafeez, 1 run, guided down to third man and that'll be drinks
31.5
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, leg byes, 1 run, appeal for leg before but that's sliding down. In-ducker from Mark Wood, bowled it from wide of the crease and beat Babar Azam on the inside edge, close but no cigar!
31.4
Mark Wood to Hafeez, 1 run, 143ks angles this into the pads, Hafeez gets across and helps it to deep square with a flick of the wrists
31.3
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, 1 run, 143ks short of length outside off, Babar Azam opens the face and glides a single fine of third man
31.2
Mark Wood to Hafeez, 1 run, chips the flick off the high of the bat, but Hafeez's placed that right in the gap between mid-on and mid-wicket
31.1
Mark Wood to Hafeez, 2 runs, 138ks full delivery outside off, Hafeez drives through extra cover and he pauses a bit at the bowling end before nabbing the second, but no troubles, they make it look easy in the end
30.6
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, goes full again and gets whacked along the ground for a single through mid-wicket
30.5
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, no run, pitches on a good length and gets the legbreak to spin away slightly outside off, just past the poking blade of Mohammad Hafeez
30.4
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, FOUR, overcompensates and bowls it too short now, Hafeez had enough time to rock back and clobber it wide of the fielder at deep mid-wicket fence
30.3
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, SIX, that flight was so enticing and Hafeez ain't missing out on that. Gets underneath and smokes Adil Rashid clean and straight for a flat maximum
30.2
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 1 run, slightly quicker on middle and leg, allows Babar Azam to stand back and punch a single to long-on
30.1
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, tosses full around off, Hafeez preempts the lap sweep and connects sweetly to fetch a single on the leg-side
29.6
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, 1 run, 143ks back of a length around middle and leg, Hafeez gets inside the line and glances it off his hip towards fine leg
29.5
Jofra Archer to Babar Azam, 1 run, hops inside the crease, drops the ball on the leg-side and sprints across to complete a quick single. There's a direct hit from square leg at the bowling end, but Babar Azam's well in
29.4
Jofra Archer to Babar Azam, 2 runs, 135ks short and wide of Babar Azam's off-stump, he gets on his tippy toes and flays it over backward point for a couple of runs
29.3
Jofra Archer to Babar Azam, no run, fiery bumper, 145ks and shoots up off the surface, Babar Azam with his high backlift sees it all along and lets it go
29.2
Jofra Archer to Babar Azam, 2 runs, 116ks hits the short of length and gets the ball to rear up around the hip, Babar Azam swivels and controls the pull along the ground through deep square
29.1
Jofra Archer to Babar Azam, no run, pounds it short and gets it to hold its line outside off, Babar Azam looks to steer it behind square and gets beaten by the extra zip on that delivery
28.6
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 1 run, tap-drives this quicker delivery wide of cover
28.5
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, no run, tossed up just outside off, played back to the bowler
28.4
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 2 runs, excellent save from Bairstow, certainly saved two runs for his side. Babar Azam nailed the drive off the front foot and it appeared to be a yawning boundary until YJB threw himself at deep extra cover - diving full length to his right - and prevented a certain boundary
28.3
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, no run, 83ks floated up outside off, forward and defended
28.2
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, 92ks loopy delivery down leg, Hafeez gets down on one knee and slogs the sweep wide of square leg
28.1
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 1 run, straighter one, Babar Azam eases the drive to long-on
27.6
Jofra Archer to Babar Azam, 1 run, on the pads and that's easy pickings for Babar Azam, tickles it behind square on the leg-side and will keep strike
27.5
Jofra Archer to Babar Azam, 2 runs, fuller and wider of off, Babar Azam drives square behind point and will claim his maiden World Cup fifty. No real celebrations in the Pakistan camp, just an acknowledgment - thumbs up - from Hafeez
27.4
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, 1 run, 139ks, gets some width outside off stump, Hafeez uses all of it to guide a single down to third man
27.4
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, wide, asd37ks bumper on the stumps, Hafeez ducks early and Jofra Archer is not happy with the verdict from the square leg umpire. Too high? Maybe...
27.3
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, no run, cross-seam slower delivery just outside off, Hafeez gets his weight forward and checks his defence in front of cover
27.2
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, no run, 141ks hurls it full and gets it to nibble away slightly off the seam, Hafeez seeks to drive and is beaten all ends up
27.1
Jofra Archer to Hafeez, no run, full delivery outside off, Hafeez opens the bat face and taps to point, looks to nab a quick single but no dice
26.6
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, FOUR, smidgen short and Babar Azam pounces on it in a flash! Quick to get his weight back and muscle the pull over mid-wicket, the fielder in the deep is too wide and can't get there in time
26.5
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, no run, much slower, Babar Azam's happy to show a straight bat in response
26.4
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, no run, this one grips and stops a touch, Babar Azam hangs back and checks his push into the off-side, gets a soft leading edge down the pitch
26.3
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, no run, goes back and defends this quicker delivery into the leg-side
26.2
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, SIX, all hands on this one! Saunters down a touch and then pauses, but no half-hearted measures in his intent, picks the ball from outside off and uses the long levers to what a 82-metre maximum over mid-wicket
26.1
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, FOUR, premeditated stuff from Babar Azam! Uses his feet, gets closer to the pitch of the flighted delivery and clubs it over the fielder at mid-on, 150 up for Pakistan
25.6
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, pitched up at 136ks, but there's width written all over that delivery and therfore, Babar Azam pushes hard on the drive and sends a healthy edge dribbling down to third man
25.5
Stokes to Hafeez, 1 run, 139ks back of a length on and around off-stump, Hafeez taps with soft hands in front of mid-off and they sneak another quick single
25.4
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, 136ks dishes it full on the pads, Babar Azam wrists it wide of the English skipper at mid-wicket and pinches a quick single
25.3
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, touch fuller outside off, Babar Azam opens the bat face and looks to steer it behind point, Jason Roy's quick at backward point and he won't allow that
25.2
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, full delivery outside off, Babar Azam drives but can't get it past Archer at wide mid-off
25.1
Stokes to Babar Azam, 2 runs, on a length and on the stumps, Babar Azam jumps in the crease a touch and tucks it wide of deep square leg for a brace
24.6
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter and wide of off, Babar Azam cuts it to deep backward point for a single
24.5
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, wrong' un down the leg-side, Hafeez rocks back and pulls it to deep backward square leg
24.4
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 1 run, on the stumps and Babar Azam works it to deep backward square leg
24.3
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, opens the face of the bat to push it wide of cover
24.3
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, wide, 2 down the leg-side, wide called. It evades Buttler too and they will take an extra run
24.2
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, no run, blocks it back
24.1
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, Roy drops a sitter. He is arguably England's best fielder and probably he has taken it too casually. Hafeez comes down the track in order to hoick it away, gets a lot of elevation but not the requisite distance. Roy at long-off came under it but spilled it, may be he was affected by sun which was directly in his sight
23.6
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, good stuff from Stokes! It was on a length and was on the stumps, Babar Azam could only block it back
23.5
Stokes to Hafeez, leg byes, 1 run, this one was angling back into Hafeez, he was late on the shot again and misses the flick again. It clips his pads and deflects to the off-side, good enough to take a single
23.4
Stokes to Hafeez, no run, excellent delivery. On that fuller length and in that outside off area, Hafeez was late on the steer shot again and gets beaten again
23.3
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, very full and wide of off, Babar Azam carves it to sweeper cover
23.2
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, lot fuller and attacking the stumps, Babar Azam drives it straight to mid-on
23.1
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Babar Azam was looking to run it down to third man. He gets beaten for pace and it goes past his blade
22.6
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, no run, slower and on the leg-stump, Hafeez works it to mid-wicket
22.5
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 1 run, leggie around off, Babar Azam goes back and cuts it to sweeper cover for a single
22.4
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, wrong 'un which ends up down the leg-side, it ends up on the pads and Hafeez nudges it to the on-side
22.3
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, 1 run, leggie on the stumps, Babar Azam goes back and works it to deep mid-wicket
22.2
Adil Rashid to Babar Azam, no run, rocks back and pushes it to cover
22.1
Adil Rashid to Hafeez, 1 run, fuller and spinning away from Hafeez, he goes on the back foot and punches it to deep cover
21.6
Stokes to Hafeez, 1 run, steers it to third man for a single
21.5
Stokes to Hafeez, FOUR, Hafeez has bisected the gap to perfection there. Top-notch placement! It was short and was on the face, Hafeez gets on top of the ball and pulls it between Bairstow and Woakes at deep square leg and fine leg for a boundary
21.4
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, short and wide, Babar Azam cuts it handsomely but hits it straight to sweeper cover. A meter to the right or left of that fielder would have fetched Babar Azam a boundary
21.3
Stokes to Hafeez, 1 run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Hafeez hops in the crease a touch and runs it down to third man
21.2
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, short of length delivery angling into Babar Azam, he gets behind the line and pulls it away to deep mid-wicket
21.1
Stokes to Hafeez, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Hafeez drives it to sweeper cover for a single
20.6
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, 1 run, stays put and pushes it wide of backward point
20.5
Moeen Ali to Hafeez, FOUR, Hafeez comes down the track on his first ball, gets close to it and smashes it straight down the ground for a boundary. Some statement from him!
20.4
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 1 run, stands tall and pushes it to sweeper cover
20.3
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 2 runs, opens the face of the bat to steer it wide of short third for a brace
20.2
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, no run, blocks it back to Moeen Ali
20.1
Moeen Ali to Imam, out Caught by Woakes!! Oh Woakes, you beauty! Stokes in the last match and Woakes in this one, England are making it a habit. It was a tossed up delivery on the stumps, Imam advances down to loft it inside-out over cover. He ends up dragging it too close to long-off where Woakes ran to his right, dived dramatically and picks up a stunner. Any other day, that shot would have fetched Imam a boundary wkt (2-111) min (92m).Imam c Woakes b Moeen Ali 44(58) [4s-3 6s-1]
19.6
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, too close for the steer this time. Babar Azam wanted to run it down to third man, it came back in a touch, clips the inside edge and just evades the off-stump
19.5
Stokes to Imam, 1 run, lively bumper aiming on the face, Imam did well to pull it away to deep square leg
19.4
Stokes to Imam, no run, finds backward point with that steer, Roy picks it up cleanly and aims at the non striker's end. He misses, Babar Azam was back in the crease, I reckon
19.3
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, hint of room on that delivery and Babar Azam runs it down to third man to rotate strike
19.2
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, short and wide of off, Babar Azam was shaping up to play an upper cut, was beaten by the pace and ends up missing it
19.1
Stokes to Imam, leg byes, 1 run, Imam misses the flick, it raps him on the pads and deflects to the on-side. It pitched outside leg and Stokes didn't even appeal
18.6
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, FOUR, some intent from Babar Azam after a flurry of singles. It was full and was turning back in, Babar Azam plants his front foot forward and tonks it wide of long-off for a boundary
18.5
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, goes right back in the crease and knocks it to long-on
18.4
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Babar Azam comes down the track and works it wide of mid-wicket for a single
18.3
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, bends a little bit and steers it wide of slip
18.2
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Babar Azam comes down the track and drives it down the ground for a single
18.1
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, no run, offie on the stumps, Babar Azam comes on the front foot and tucsk it to mid-wicket
17.6
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, 100 up for Pakistan with that dab down to third man from Babar Azam
17.5
Stokes to Imam, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Imam opens the face of the bat and guides it to third man
17.4
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Babar Azam plunges forward and drives it straight to sweeper cover
17.3
Stokes to Imam, 1 run, this was attacking the stumps, Imam somehow steers it wide of backward point and he will take a single
17.2
Stokes to Babar Azam, 1 run, this was much straighter from Stokes, Babar Azam gets behind it and tucks it to fine leg
17.1
Stokes to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and wide of off, Babar Azam wanted to run it down to third man. He played it down the wrong line and it went past his outside edge
16.6
Moeen Ali to Imam, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Imam charges down and Moeen Ali drags his length back. Imam wasn't to the pitch of the ball and he decides to block it to cover
16.5
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 1 run, another good-looking drive, this time he hits it straight to sweeper cover
16.4
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 2 runs, fuller and turning into Babar Azam, he comes forward and drives it wide of cover for a brace
16.3
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, works it to mid-wicket for a single
16.2
Moeen Ali to Imam, no run, fuller and spinning away from Imam, he plunges forward, it bounces a touch extra too. It hits him high on the bat and it lands short of short cover
16.1
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter one wide of off, Babar Azam pushes it away from the cover fielder for a single
15.6
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, 1 run, fuller this time and Azam eases the drive through the covers to retain strike
15.5
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, no run, on a length outside off, defended firmly off the front foot towards cover
15.4
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, FOUR, good riposte from Azam! More of the shorter length and he got across a bit to dispatch the pull through backward square leg. Relied more on placement this time and split the two men in the deep precisely
15.3
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, no run, another bouncer! Ploy to Azam seems to be chin music for now. He was looking to pull initially but then realizes that it maybe tough to control and hence, bails out of the stroke in the end
15.2
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, no run, nearly carried to mid-on! Another short ball and this time, Azam goes for the pull. Takes the cue-end of the blade as he was clearly late on the shot. Lucky that it didn't go to hand
15.1
Mark Wood to Babar Azam, no run, sharp bumper at 142kph, Azam quickly ducks under it as it sails over
14.6
Moeen Ali to Imam, no run, more flight and fuller as well, Imam presses forward to defend off the inside half to mid-wicket. Another fine over from Mo
14.5
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter and outside off, Azam hangs back and punches it past the diving short mid-wicket fielder, down to long-on
14.4
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, flatter and on off stump, worked off the back foot towards square leg
14.3
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, 1 run, shuffles across the stumps to nudge this off break into the gap at square leg
14.2
Moeen Ali to Babar Azam, no run, flatter and on off stump, punched off the back foot to short mid-wicket
14.1
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, out Stumped!! Super work from Buttler! Was quick to gather the ball and whip off the bails. Zaman was done in by the turn on this off break and got induced out of the crease momentarily. That was enough for Jos who did the rest. The foot did come back but was on the line when the bails came off. And as we know, on the line generally isn't enough for the batsman. It isn't for Zaman either. England have finally broken through, courtesy Moeen who has been impressive thus  wkt (1-82) min (63m). Fakhar Zaman st Buttler b Moeen Ali 36(40) [4s-6]
13.6
Mark Wood to Imam, no run, the hard length around middle and off, Imam hops a touch and blocks
13.6
Mark Wood to Imam, wide, this is a harsh call. Went just over the leg pole I suppose as Imam shuffled across for the flick shot but didn't connect
13.5
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, banged in short and Zaman mistimes the pull through square leg. Getting a touch hurried by the pace I suppose but is still doing a reasonable job
13.4
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, no run, mix up but the throw is at the wrong end! Zaman was way down the pitch and would have struggled if the throw was at his end. Morgan at mid-off went for the bowler's end and hit the target too but Imam was in easily
13.3
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, no run, bottom edge and it goes on the bounce to Buttler. Zaman wanted to force it square through the off-side but it seems to have come through slowly off the deck a bit
13.2
Mark Wood to Imam, 1 run, back of a length outside off, steered with an open face down to third man
13.1
Mark Wood to Imam, no run, fuller and closer to off stump, defended well off the front foot to short cover
12.6
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, fuller and around off, driven down the ground towards long-on
12.5
Moeen Ali to Imam, no run, tossed up around off, defended firmly with a good front foot stride
12.4
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, fuller and outside off, driven firmly towards mid-off for a tight single
12.3
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, no run, just short of backward point! Extra bounce probably and some turn on the off break too, Zaman's attempted punchy drive flies off the slice and nearly carries to the fielder
12.2
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and outside off, checks the punch-drive to mid-off
12.1
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, flatter and on off, punched it off the back foot to long-on
11.6
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and Zaman's eyes lit up as he goes for the big drive. Gets a thick inside edge onto the pad
11.5
Mark Wood to Imam, 1 run, banged in short and Imam swivels for the pull but mistimes it through square leg
11.4
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, back to the slower ball and this is quite wide outside off, Zaman reaches out to squeeze the drive to sweeper cover
11.3
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fiery bumper to follow up two slower balls, clearly hurried Zaman who was late on the pull. Doesn't connect. Clocked 143kph!
11.2
Mark Wood to Imam, 1 run, another off cutter and this time, Imam waits to dab it down towards third man
11.1
Mark Wood to Imam, no run, beats the edge! Good length around off stump, moves just a bit off the seam as Imam pushes at it. Was the off cutter from Wood and he got instant purchase
10.6
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, flighted this time, fuller as well and worked away down to long-on
10.5
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, use of the feet this time by Zaman as he checks the drive down to long-off
10.4
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, quicker and shorter outside off, punched off the back foot with a shuffle across down to long-on
10.3
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, fuller and around off stump, straight bat face on the drive down to long-off
10.2
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, no run, and again! Another slider that Zaman is unable to work away on the leg-side. Struck on the pads once more and this time, there is a stifled LBW appeal. Going down leg
10.1
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, no run, flatter and around leg stump, Zaman hangs back for the flick but is hit on the pad. Missing leg easily
9.6
Mark Wood to Imam, no run, superb ball! Digs it in short and around off stump, hurries Imam who looks to fend but it's past the edge in a jiffy. Good wheels on this one from Wood
9.5
Mark Wood to Imam, no run, dug in short and Imam crouches a bit before swaying away
9.4
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, short and wide, Zaman frees himself for the cut but gets it off the slice down to third man
9.3
Mark Wood to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller once more and Zaman drives away from the body but didn't middle it that well. Finds mid-off
9.2
Mark Wood to Imam, 1 run, pitched up and Imam drives well but short extra cover gets a hand on it to take the sting out of the stroke. Mid-off goes across to tidy up
9.1
Mark Wood to Imam, no run, fuller and outside off, Imam leans forward and blocks it to cover
8.6
Moeen Ali to Fakhar Zaman, no run, drifting in on middle and off, Zaman camps back and blocks it out
8.5
Moeen Ali to Imam, 1 run, looped up on the pads and this is wristed through square leg for a single
8.4
Moeen Ali to Imam, no run, pushed through quicker this time, straighter lines and another shuffle-defence from Imam
8.3
Moeen Ali to Imam, no run, sliding in on middle and leg, blocked off the back foot to square leg
8.2
Moeen Ali to Imam, FOUR, tickled away fine! Darted in on leg stump, Imam decliately glances it past Buttler down the leg-side and short fine leg isn't quick enough to chase it down
8.1
Moeen Ali to Imam, no run, flatter and on leg stump, worked softly towards short fine leg
7.6
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, fuller this time and Zaman wanted to go straighter perhaps but the bat face turns in his hands a bit. Proves beneficial as this goes between mid-wicket and mid-on
7.6
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, wide, another speedy take off! Archer is getting it to kick up from the short ball length. Zaman ducks and this time, Buttler somehow collects it with a desperate leap
7.5
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, on a good length and it's in the zone for Zaman who heaves it away through the mid-wicket region
7.5
Jofra Archer to Imam, wide, 2 seriously quick! Bangs it in short and it takes off after pitching, 141kph and even a leap from Buttler isn't enough to gather is cleanly
7.4
Jofra Archer to Imam, 2 runs, a bit too straight in line and Imam flicks it away behind square leg for a brace
7.3
Jofra Archer to Imam, no run, review lost! To be honest, it seemed like an inside edge in real time as there was a definite noise. The only question was whether it was pad first or if the sound was deceptive. Eventually, it was the inside edge onto the pad as UltraEdge confirms. Imam was stuck on the crease to the nipbacker and England reviewed in desperation I suppose
7.2
Jofra Archer to Imam, FOUR, awesome timing on this one! Overcooked and on the pads, Imam just shuffes a bit to nudge this through the gap at mid-wicket. Just looked to use the pace and it goes to the fence in no time
7.1
Jofra Archer to Imam, no run, squares up Imam with the shorter length that finds the outside half of the blade. Stokes at fine gully makes a good stop
6.6
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, no run, loose from Zaman! No width on offer but he goes through with the cut and doesn't connect
6.5
Woakes to Imam, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, Imam opens the bat face to steer this down to third man. Came a bit off the outer half but there are no slips in place now, hence no risk
6.4
Woakes to Imam, 2 runs, leg stumpish and shortish, Imam moves across a bit and clips it through backward square leg. Into the gap and an easy brace
6.3
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, fine tumbling stop by Bairstow at deep square leg. Was a fine swivel-pull from Zaman and was speeding towards the fence but JB does well. Keeps the batsmen to just a single
6.2
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, oh ho ho! Zaman is in the mood alright! Premeditated paddle scoop, he was up there early and got the length he wanted. Easily scooped over short fine leg and nearly went all the way! This is refreshing intent from Pakistan but they need to keep going
6.1
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, stand and deliver! Hint of width and Zaman forces it through the gap at cover-point. Creamed it
5.6
Jofra Archer to Imam, no run, shortish and attacks the stumps, kept out with a nice defensive push. Ends a really eventful over
5.5
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, fortune for Zaman! He certainly seems to be living a charmed life at present. Gets totally undone by the sharp shortish delivery that kicks up to take the glove. Luckily for him, it's between the slip and gully fielder. In any case, it had a lot of height and would have cleared the cordon if there was one
5.4
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, this is agricultural as Zaman swings for the ocean, a wild slog across the line and Archer is too good a pacer to allow such stuff. No contact!
5.3
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller this time and Zaman moves forward to drive on the up. Picks out cover
5.2
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, absolutely crunches this! Dug in short by Archer and Zaman responds with a superb controlled swivel-pull behind square leg. Nobody moved! He is looking in rhythm today
5.1
Jofra Archer to Imam, 1 run, good stop by Stokes! Didn't carry to him but did well to stop it on the bounce. Was the shorter length on leg stump and tucked up Imam who tried to flick. A bit uppish but well short of Stokesy
4.6
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, no run, wild hack attempted but no contact! Fuller and probably came in just a wee bit as Zaman went for an expansive shot
4.5
Woakes to Imam, 1 run, back of a length on the pads, worked off the back foot behind square leg for a single
4.4
Woakes to Imam, FOUR, off the edge but this is wide off the two slips in place. There was a man at third slip earlier but was moved just recently. That helps Imam who pushed at this one without much footwork and squirted the nick to the third man fence
4.3
Woakes to Imam, SIX, what a hit! Stunning hit from Imam who just gave the charge and clubbed it over long-on for a maximum. Not often you expect him to do this, it's mostly Fakhar Zaman's designation but his partner decides to have some fun for a change
4.2
Woakes to Imam, no run, middle and off line from a good length, Imam shuffles a bit and blocks solidly
4.1
Woakes to Imam, no run, fuller length and Imam moves forward to check the drive to mid-off
3.6
Jofra Archer to Imam, 1 run, shortish length once more, onto the hips and Imam nudges it softly towards square leg
3.5
Jofra Archer to Imam, no run, the hard length around off stump, defended from the crease towards point
3.4
Jofra Archer to Imam, no run, there it is! First bouncer of the innings, slightly leg stumpish and Imam ducks
3.3
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, Byes, 1 run, speed gun showed 87mph but it seemed like a slower one that died in front of Buttler and sneaked past him. Zaman hadn't offered a shot to it
3.2
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, dispatched with disdain! Shortish and on the hips, Zaman whips it away with a strong bottom hand through square leg. Superbly timed
3.1
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short of a good length just outside off, no shot offered by Zaman
2.6
Woakes to Imam, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, driven back at Woakes who makes a decent stop in his followthrough. Maiden!
2.5
Woakes to Imam, no run, another play and a miss! Get a feeling that these two are probably trying to go too hard at the ball, instead of stroking it. Shortish and some width on offer, Imam slashes hard but doesn't connect
2.4
Woakes to Imam, no run, beaten on the drive! The length wasn't probably there for it and Imam was on the move for a flamboyant stroke with no footwork. Moved just a bit and whizzed past the edge
2.3
Woakes to Imam, no run, a hint of inward movement and Imam shuffles a bit to defend it softly to mid-wicket
2.2
Woakes to Imam, no run, back of a length on off stump, Imam rides the bounce and pats it to point
2.1
Woakes to Imam, no run, fifth stump line, on a good length and moves away a fraction. Imam lets it pass
1.6
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, slash and a miss! Zaman is expecting a wide call but the umpires aren't expected. Plenty of width on this one and perhaps a touch slower than the previous deliveries, Zaman threw everything he had on the cut but couldn't reach it. Archer has an impish grin on his face
1.5
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, does him again! This probably came back in a fraction from the very spot as the previous delivery, Zaman got cramped and once again is beaten for pace
1.4
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, cracking delivery! Nothing much any batsman can do about deliveries like these. Pacy good length ball around middle and off, bounced extra with a hint of away movement. Zaman went fishing and got beaten all ends up
1.3
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, good lines this time, around off stump from a good length and Zaman is forced to let it pass
1.2
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, leg byes, 4, the pace of Archer is red hot but it can also backfire. Like it did on this occasion. Fed it on leg stump and although Zaman didn't connect the flick, it deflected off the pads fine down the leg-side
1.1
Jofra Archer to Imam, 1 run, squares up Imam straightaway! Short of a good length on middle and off, climbs a bit and he is clearly late due to the pace that Archer is generating. Off the edge and down to third man
0.6
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, this is a much better shot and it rockets to the fence in no time. Width from Woakes and that's an area Zaman loved. Frees his arms to belt the cut and this time, nobody in the circle had a chance as it sped through point
0.5
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller this time and Zaman doesn't time this once again. Driven to mid-off
0.4
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, sneaks through the infield and with these short square boundaries at Trent Bridge, good luck chasing these. Was a touch too short and although Zaman didn't time the cut that well. Chopped it past Morgan at point and the English skipper was livid with himself. He sets high standards for himself
0.3
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, no run, closer to the off pole, probing Zaman who makes a good leave
0.2
Woakes to Imam, 1 run, shorter this time and a bit of width, slapped away behind point by Imam
0.1
Woakes to Imam, no run, starts with a good length ball outside off, angles across Imam who lets it pass
Commentary
Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz, Wahab Riaz, Mohammad Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Asif Ali,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
