45.5
Pat Cummins to Pradeep, out Caught by Carey!! Edged and the finger goes up. Australia finally close the innings out. Length delivery from Pat Cummins, Pradeep swings hard, only gets a faint edge to the keeper wkt (10-247) min (21m). Pradeep c Carey b Pat Cummins 0(7)
45.4
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, plays the pull early as Cummins takes pace off this bouncer, this is going to deep backward square leg and he takes a run this time. Two ball for Pradeep to see off
45.3
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Dhananjaya taps it towards cover
45.2
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, back of a length and outside off stump, Dhananjaya defends to backward point
45.1
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, short delivery on the stumps, Dhananjaya wants to move off-side and tries to ramp the ball but misses
44.6
K Richardson to Pradeep, no run, swing and a miss
44.5
K Richardson to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, this is mistimed high, but no one at mid-wicket, so Richardson runs back and tries to take the catch, doesn't get close
44.4
K Richardson to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, now he scoops this over Behrendorff. Short delivery, Dhananjaya moves across and helps the ball over the leaping fielder to fine leg
44.3
K Richardson to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, slower delivery on the stumps, Dhananjaya scoops, Behrendorff dives forward and takes the catch, says he isn't sure. Looked like it bounced off the fingers, but there is no conclusive evidence to say it's not touched the ground
44.2
K Richardson to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, driven to cover
44.2
K Richardson to Dhananjayade Silva, wide, way outside off stump
44.1
K Richardson to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, low full toss outside off stump, Dhananjayade Silva is not hitting the ball in the gaps. There should have been more intent to this one
43.6
Pat Cummins to Pradeep, no run, this one bounces over the stumps, Pradeep throws his bat at it and misses
43.5
Pat Cummins to Pradeep, no run, Pat Cummins misses the sticks with this length ball, Pradeep backs away and misses
43.4
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, short delivery on the leg stump, Dhananjaya pulls it to deep square leg
43.3
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Dhananjayade Silva is only trying to block. Is he going to bat out all the overs and not aim for runs? Might help net run rate
43.2
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Pat Cummins follows Dhananjaya as he backs away, defended straight back to the bowler
43.2
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, wide, shortish delivery outside off stump, left alone
43.1
Pat Cummins to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, shortish delivery on the off stump, Dhananjaya hops and defends
42.6
Starc to Pradeep, no run, guided to third man and he won't take the run because Dhananjayade Silva will need strike next over. No fifer for Starc
42.5
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, outside edge as Dhananjaya tries to drive the away-going ball, late call for a run and they make it
42.4
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, short-arm jab pull shot after cover the stumps, Starc dropped it short, hit it to deep mid-wicket
42.3
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Dhananjaya moves off-side to negate a bit of away-swing on this full ball to defend
42.2
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, nice-looking off drive but Dhananjayade Silva won't run. Understandable, because he can't expose Pradeep with four balls left
42.1
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, 141kph short delivery, Dhananjayade Silva helps it down to fine leg
41.6
K Richardson to Pradeep, no run, now a mistimed drive back to the bowler
41.5
K Richardson to Pradeep, no run, Richardson misses the off stump yorker by a couple of inches, Pradeep manages to reach out after moving leg-side and defends
41.4
K Richardson to Malinga, out Caught by Khawaja!! It's an awful sign to see a tailender back away every ball instead of getting in line and showing fight. Australia aren't even celebrating much. It was that soft. Slower delivery outside off stump, Malinga chips the ball early and spoons a catch to cover wkt (9-237) min (9m). Malinga c Khawaja b K Richardson 1(5)
41.3
K Richardson to Malinga, no run, slower delivery on the off stump, he did go for the poles, but the already-backing away Malinga manages to push it to cover
41.2
K Richardson to Malinga, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Malinga backs away and misses the slash. Come on Richardson, aim for the sticks
41.1
K Richardson to Malinga, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Malinga gets an inside edge onto pad
40.6
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, another full toss, gently driven to mid-off, should have been put in the gap for a few runs
40.5
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, friendly full toss, driven to deep cover and he doesn't take the run
40.4
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, oh 147kph outswinging yorker, Dhananjayade Silva takes his leg out of the way as he digs it out
40.3
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, defends it into the deck by ensuring his front pad was not in line with the sticks
40.2
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, fuller ball and has been pushed back to the bowler
40.1
Starc to Malinga, 1 run, fuller at the base of the sticks, Malinga gets the bat down and shovels the ball out into the covers for a single
39.6
K Richardson to Udana, out Caught by Finch!! Short ball, Udana looks to flat bat and Finch at mid-off back pedals to take it. Gives a thumbs up to his fans as well. That was banged in short, no room and Udana still wanted to slam it down the ground. The top-edge stayed high for a long time before being gobbled up the Aussie skipper wkt (8-236) min (8m). Udana c Finch b K Richardson 8(8) [4s-1]
39.5
K Richardson to Udana, 2 runs, edges it outside off and the ball flew off the outer edge to speed away towards deep third. The fielder there puts in the dive and stops it
39.5
K Richardson to Udana, wide, shortish delivery down leg, Udana fails to tuck it and has been wided
39.4
K Richardson to Udana, no run, on a length and has been pushed out to cover
39.3
K Richardson to Udana, no run, bangs the ball short and the ball flies away to the keeper
39.2
K Richardson to Udana, no run, back of a length delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side
39.1
K Richardson to Udana, FOUR, short, wide, cut away and gets it over the man at point for a four
38.6
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, fuller delivery and has been driven down the ground for a four. Beautiful off-drive and Warner at mid-off had no chance
38.5
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a length and has been nudged out into the on-side
38.4
Starc to Udana, 1 run, flies off the outer edge! Another full ball and took the edge to fly away
38.3
Starc to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, full and straight, the bat comes down and the ball flies off the outer half of the bat for a single past point
38.2
Starc to Udana, 1 run, fuller delivery outside off and has been pushed out to deep cover for a single
38.1
Starc to Kusal Mendis, out Caught by Carey!! Length delivery going across, takes the edge and has been taken by the keeper. Sri Lanka continue to sink. Starc is closing in on another fifer. Superb comeback from Australia. It was angled across and Kusal Mendis tried to drag it across the line only to edge it wkt (7-222) min (68m). Kusal Mendis c Carey b Starc 30(37) [6s-2]
37.6
Behrendorff to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, short ball and has been pulled away to deep square for a single
37.5
Behrendorff to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, plays it late and opens the face of the blade to run it down to third man for a single
37.4
Behrendorff to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, stabs the ball down and finds the man at point
37.3
Behrendorff to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, clipped off the pads and before the man at deep square could hurl it back, they get a brace
37.2
Behrendorff to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a length and has been defended into the off-side
37.1
Behrendorff to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, tucks it off the pads and gets it fine to fine leg for a single
36.6
Starc to Perera, out Caught by Warner!! They are going down like a lead balloon here. Fuller ball and Perera looks to thump it down the ground but finds the man at mid-on. Another massive blow for the Lankans. Second wicket of the over and Starc has his 12th scalp of this World Cup. The Australian fans find their voices again wkt (6-217) min (4m). Perera c Warner b Starc 7(3) [6s-1]
36.5
Starc to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, knocks the ball out into the on-side for a single
36.4
Starc to Perera, 1 run, fuller ball and has been clipped out into the on-side
36.3
Starc to Perera, SIX, short ball, Perera gets on top of the bounce and pulls it. The ball might have gone off the upper half of the bat and sailed into the stands
36.2
Starc to Siriwardana, out Bowled!! Quick and straight! The ball trims the back pad and crashes into the wood work. Another blow for the Lankan team. Nice shape into the batter and Siriwardana was again late on the delivery. His wicket taking spree continues as well. 11th wicket for Starc in the tourney. The batter wanted to play it across the line and misses wkt (5-209) min (5m). Siriwardana b Starc 3(4)
36.1
Starc to Siriwardana, no run, on a length and around the sticks, defended into the deck
36.1
Starc to Siriwardana, wide, slips a quick one down leg and Siriwardana misses the clip. Has been wided
35.6
Pat Cummins to Siriwardana, 1 run, checks his shot outside off and gets it past cover for a single
35.5
Pat Cummins to Siriwardana, 2 runs, not a bad start for Siriwardana! Pulls the ball away and gets it past the man at mid-wicket for a brace
35.4
Pat Cummins to Mathews, out Caught by Carey!! And his horrid run with the bat continues. That was a short delivery down leg, the extra pace meant Mathews was slow on the shot and gets a feather to the keeper. Huge blow for the Lankans. A body blow I would say. That was bowled cross seam and bounced a little more as well to get the edge wkt (4-205) min (14m). Mathews c Carey b Pat Cummins 9(11) [4s-2]
35.3
Pat Cummins to Mathews, no run, on a length outside off and has been blocked out into the covers
35.2
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, closes the face of the bat and knocks it out into the on-side
35.1
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length delivery and has been dropped down into the off-side
34.6
Starc to Mathews, FOUR, waits on the short ball, creates room to free his arms on the pull and gets it behind square for a four. Two good shots in the over and Sri Lanka are back in this chase. I mean the intensity is
34.5
Starc to Mathews, no run, back of a length delivery and has been poked out to the man at point
34.4
Starc to Mathews, no run, shorter delivery going across, Mathews drops his wrists and lets it go
34.3
Starc to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been driven into the covers for a single
34.2
Starc to Kusal Mendis, SIX, can this audition for being the shot of the tourney? That was a quick full ball and Kusal Mendis slaps it down the ground for a sixer. Was slammed over the bowler's head
34.1
Starc to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a length delivery and has been knocked out into the on-side
33.6
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, fuller and quicker on to the pads, clipped away behind square for a single
33.5
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, no run, goes back and tucks the ball back to the bowler
33.4
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, no run, looks to paddle it but fails to beat the man at short fine leg
33.3
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, no run, chops the ball down into the off-side. Man at cover point stops it
33.2
Maxwell to Mathews, 1 run, tucked off the back foot again! Single to deep mid
33.1
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, tucked off the pads into the on-side for a single
32.6
K Richardson to Mathews, no run, fuller ball and has been nudged out to mid-on
32.5
K Richardson to Mathews, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been poked down into the deck
32.4
K Richardson to Mathews, no run, short delivery and Mathews is quick to duck down under it
32.3
K Richardson to Mathews, no run, stays behind the line of the ball and defends it
32.2
K Richardson to Mathews, FOUR, it has taken almost two weeks for Mathews to get off the mark in the World Cup. And he does so with a lovely on-drive past mid-on. Pitched up delivery and Mathews leant into it to stroke the ball away
32.1
K Richardson to Karunaratne, out Caught by Maxwell!! That is disheartening. A distraught Karunaratne is walking off. That was short, wide, Karunaratne looks to cut and ends up guiding the ball to the man at point, who was a little more to the left than the usual point fielder. Karunaratne had been getting away with these shots but not this time. He didn't keep it down and neither did he hit it hard wkt (3-186) min (132m). Karunaratne c Maxwell b K Richardson 97(108) [4s-9]
31.6
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, SIX, that is style in amalgamation with substance! Charges out, gets under the ball and lofts it over long-off for a sixer. Much needed hit for the Lankans
31.5
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, clips it again off the pads and the man at long-on cuts it off
31.4
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, glances it fine but fails to beat the man at short fine leg
31.3
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, clips the ball away and finds the man at square leg
31.2
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, clipped to long-on with the turn for a single
31.1
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, no run, loopy offie, tucked to mid-wicket
30.6
K Richardson to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, goes for the pull, mistimes it and the ball lands well short of the man at fine leg
30.5
K Richardson to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and straighter, knocked into the on-side
30.4
K Richardson to Kusal Mendis, no run, drops the bat dead on a length delivery outside off and the ball finds the man at gully
30.3
K Richardson to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller delivery and has been stamped out back to the bowler
30.2
K Richardson to Karunaratne, 1 run, a push into the covers and they get a single
30.1
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, length delivery outside off and has been poked out into the off-side
29.6
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, flat at the stumps, punched through to deep midwicket
29.5
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, cuts it from off stump to point
29.4
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, turning in on leg, clipped through midwicket
29.3
Maxwell to Kusal Mendis, no run, flighted on a length outside off, Mendis waits in the crease and dabs to backward point
29.2
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, length ball that straightens on off, Karunaratne works it through midwicket
29.1
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, drifting in on leg, clips it to square leg
28.6
K Richardson to Karunaratne, 1 run, short ball outside off, Karunaratne pulls with authority to deep square leg
28.5
K Richardson to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, steered nicely to third man
28.4
K Richardson to Karunaratne, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man
28.3
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, short ball outside off, achieves greater height than what Karunaratne anticipated and to his good fortune, he's beaten on the pull
28.2
K Richardson to Karunaratne, 2 runs, length ball around off, clipped behind square. Placed it wide enough of fine leg for two
28.1
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, length ball angling in on off from round the wicket, Karunaratne pushes on the move to mid-on
27.6
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, walks towards this length ball outside off looking to drive, it runs off a thick edge down to third man
27.5
Behrendorff to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, back of a length delivery on leg, clipped down to fine leg
27.4
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, dabs this down to third man
27.3
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, short of length, doesn't get up high enough for Karunaratne to connect with his pull. They're feeling the pressure slightly now of a steadily growing required rate
27.2
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, overpitched around off, jammed out into the on-side
27.1
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 2 runs, takes a couple of steps down, flicks it from off stump to the right of fine leg
26.6
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, no run, pitched up outside off, Mendis not looking in any kind of rhythm. His weight doesn't go into the shot as he mistimes the drive to cover
26.5
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, 1 run, short ball outside off, Karunaratne ramps it on the bounce to third man. Got away with it. Would've kicked himself if it carried to the fielder
26.4
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, the length is right up from Cummins, on off stump, Karunaratne mistimes the drive to mid-off
26.3
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, full ball on leg stump, Mendis flicks it down to fine leg
26.2
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, Karunaratne cuts it down to third man
26.1
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, back of a length on middle and leg, clipped down to fine leg
25.6
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, pitched up on off, flicked wide of midwicket who makes a diving stop
25.5
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, full ball outside off, turned to midwicket
25.4
Behrendorff to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, that's a well controlled pull from Mendis, rolling his wrists on top of the ball to deep square leg
25.3
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man
25.2
Behrendorff to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, back of a length on middle, works it to the right of mid-on
25.1
Behrendorff to Kusal Mendis, no run, full ball on off, defended off the front foot press
24.6
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, short ball in line with off, Karunaratne ducks
24.5
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, steers it down to third man
24.4
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, blocked to point
24.4
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, wide, short of length delivery down leg, Mendis lets it go by
24.3
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, no run, pitched right up on off, Mendis gets forward and pushes to mid-on
24.2
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, dabbed towards backward point
24.1
Pat Cummins to Kusal Mendis, no run, right behind this short of length delivery in defence
23.6
Behrendorff to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, clipped down to fine leg
23.5
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, out Caught by Carey!! Behrendorff roars in celebration. He found something extra with this delivery, probably spurred on from the boundary off the previous ball. Short of length, climbs onto Thirimanne who wanted to cut again but didn't have enough room to free the arms. An outside edge is found and is gobbled up by Carey wkt (2-153) min (34m). Thirimanne c Carey b Behrendorff 16(26) [4s-1]
23.4
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, FOUR, short of length delivery wide of off, slapped hard through point, showing no signs of discomfort after that blow in the previous over
23.3
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, clipped off the hips through square leg
23.2
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, leg byes, 1 run, direct-hit at the non-striker's end would've had Thirimanne. He was already hurting after a short of length delivery spat onto his arm, and was slow to react to his partner's call. Maxwell had the chance from point, but couldn't find his target
23.1
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, 2 runs, length ball around off, punched wide of sweeper cover
22.6
Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run, floated up on off, turned through midwicket
22.5
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, punched off the back foot to long-on
22.4
Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run, steps out of the crease but doesn't get hold of the lofted drive. Drags it off the inside half to deep midwicket
22.3
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, length ball on off, Karunaratne punches to long-off
22.2
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, hesitantly defended from the crease
22.1
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, the back leg came in the way to stop it from going onto the stumps! Drifting down leg, a difficult line for a reverse-sweep that Karunaratne had attempted. Drags it back off the inside edge
21.6
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, no run, short of length around the waist, blocked to point
21.5
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, no run, back of a length on off, takes his bottom hand off as he drops it into the pitch
21.4
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, length ball outside off, squirted off a thick outside edge down to third man. Wanted to drive on the up, couldn't quite get hold of it
21.3
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, length ball just outside off, punched down the pitch for Behrendorff to get a hand on it
21.2
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, full ball on off stump, driven to mid-on
21.1
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, 1 run, pitched up outside off, sweetly driven to sweeper cover
20.6
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, half an appeal as the ball slides onto Karunaratne's front pad. Would've missed leg comfortably
20.5
Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run, works it backward of square
20.4
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, the line was almost off stump but Karunaratne didn't hesitate on the cut. Got it away towards backward point for a quick single
20.3
Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run, drifting in and straightening on leg, Thirimanne nudges it round the corner
20.2
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, dances down and uses his wrists well to flick it to long-on
20.1
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, sliding in on leg, Karunaratne unsuccessfully plays across the line and is struck on the pad
19.6
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, no run, jagging in very close to off, Thirimanne waits and pats it defensively to point
19.5
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, no run, 135kph, cross-seam full delivery outside off. Thirimanne leans on the front foot and drives it straight to extra cover
19.4
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, now, shifting his body weight back to create some space and then gliding it fluidly to third man
19.3
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 2 runs, tucks it behind square, plenty of spaces there and Karunaratne gets two
19.2
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, 1 run, fuller length outside off, Thirimanne uses the pace and steers it to third man
19.1
Behrendorff to Thirimanne, no run, seaming into the left-hander, closed bat-face tickle to mid-wicket
18.6
Maxwell to Karunaratne, FOUR, Karunaratne splits the gap between short third man and backward point. Talk about precision, this was out of the top draw. Quickly went deep on seeing the length, opened his bat face and flayed it in the pocket
18.5
Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run, stump-to-stump line, Thirimanne crouches and places it to the empty mid-wicket region
18.4
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, flighted too full, Karunaratne ventures out of his crease to whip it to deep mid-wicket
18.3
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, drifter, snaking in. Driven back to the bowler
18.2
Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run, slows it up and extracts a hint of turn outside off, Thirimanne allows it to do its bit and punches it to sweeper cover
18.1
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, use of the feet from Karunaratne, getting to the pitch and knocking it down to long-on
17.6
Starc to Thirimanne, no run, Starc plants it full again, inviting Thirimanne to drive and he obliges, push-driving it back to the bowler. Starc stops in his followthrough
17.5
Starc to Thirimanne, no run, tilting in fuller just outside off, Thirimanne gets his body momentum forward and showcases a sturdy defence
17.4
Starc to Thirimanne, no run, shortish outside off, soft-handed dab into the off-side
17.3
Starc to Karunaratne, 1 run, risky single attempted but I tell you what, if Khawaja had effected a direct-hit at the striker's end, Thirimanne was gone for all money, despite a full-stretch dive. Back of a length and reared up awkwardly, striking Karunaratne high on the bat as it rolled towards mid-wicket. Takes off after getting a nod from his partner and in the end, it's a lucky escape for Thirimanne. Would've been short by a couple of inches..
17.2
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, goes a little wider with this length delivery, Karunaratne drops it in front of point
17.1
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, 139kph, good length slanting at the stumps. Karunaratne waits back to stonewall it
16.6
Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run, flattish, Thirimanne stands tall and turns it to square leg
16.5
Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run, this goes straight on after pitching, Thirimanne is upto the task, defending it solidly
16.4
Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run, slightly overpitches outside off, driven to extra cover
16.3
Maxwell to Thirimanne, no run, 85kph, nice flight from Maxwell. Thirimanne is ready on the front foot to smother the spin
16.2
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, flatter on leg, helped away to deep square leg
16.1
Maxwell to Thirimanne, 1 run, straighter from Maxwell, tickled softly through square leg
15.6
Starc to Karunaratne, FOUR, outside edge and it flies away to the third man fence. It was a loose delivery from Starc, went short and wide of off. Karunaratne threw the kitchen sink and ended up getting a thick outside edge which turned out to be a profitable result
15.5
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, fuller length, angling in. Shovelled to mid-wicket
15.4
Starc to Thirimanne, 1 run, Thirimanne is up and away with a gentle tuck to fine leg
15.3
Starc to Kusal Perera, out Bowled!! Starc crashes Perera's party. You-miss-I-hit stuff, as simple as that. There was an air of inevitability because Perera was going after every ball. 145kph, lethal inducker that swung in the air a bit and it's too hot to hande for KP. Goes through his attempted slog and disturbs the furniture. Starc redeems and Australia will breathe a sigh of relief. But what an entertaining knock from the little man, he's given some hope for his team wkt (1-115) min (64m). Kusal Perera b Starc 52(36) [4s-5 6s-1]
15.2
Starc to Karunaratne, 1 run, 145kph, tailing very full on middle and leg, stylishy flicked to deep square leg
15.1
Starc to Karunaratne, 2 runs, shorter outside off, sliced square past point and races back for the second
14.6
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, picked away with the spin through mid-wicket
14.5
Maxwell to Kusal Perera, 1 run, chips out and shaves it to deep mid-wicket
14.4
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 3 runs, wristy whip from Karunaratne. Sends it hard to the left of long-on where the fielder manages to make a fine stop and thereby saves a run for his team
14.3
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, worked round the pads to short fine leg
14.2
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, tossed up around off, defended back
14.1
Maxwell to Kusal Perera, 1 run, driven down to long-off
13.6
Starc to Kusal Perera, 1 run, inch-perfect yorker from Starc, almost into the blockhole which was clocked at 148kph. Perera does really well to dig it out to square leg to raise his half-century. Looks up at the sky and salutes his bat to the dressing room - who are up on their feet. This is the joint second fastest individual fifty in this World Cup as well
13.5
Starc to Karunaratne, 1 run, effort ball from Starc at 145kph outside off, Karunaratne rides the bounce and dinks it to third man
13.4
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, goes full, holds up on the surface a bit and Karunaratne checks his defence down the pitch
13.3
Starc to Kusal Perera, 1 run, pounds it on a back of a length, Perera short-arm pulls it to deep square leg
13.2
Starc to Kusal Perera, no run, 146kph, full and swerving in. Perera calmly bunts it with a straight bat to mid-off
13.1
Starc to Karunaratne, 1 run, very full outside off, Karunaratne crounches a bit and pushes it to cover
12.6
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, Karunaratne steps out and wrists it with the spin to deep mid-wicket
12.5
Maxwell to Kusal Perera, 1 run, goes down and drags the sweep towards short fine leg
12.4
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 1 run, clipped neatly through mid-wicket
12.3
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, flighted outside off, Karunaratne drives it off the inner half back to the bowler
12.2
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, loud, optimistic appeal for lbw but turned down by umpire Richard Illingworth. Well, this looked close on first viewing and HawkEye shows that it's hitting the leg-stump. Phew! Australia have exhausted their reviews, so this could be a big moment in the game. Drifted in, Karunaratne plays all round it and missed. Gets rapped on back pad, Karunaratne survives..
12.1
Maxwell to Kusal Perera, 1 run, punched away through cover
11.6
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, blocks it softly
11.5
K Richardson to Karunaratne, FOUR, short and butchered! Fifty for Karunaratne. This is a very uncharacteristic innings from the Sri Lankan captain but it's coming off well at the moment. He's looked very aggressive from the start and continues to do so. Unleashes his fury and absolutely drilled it over mid-wicket. Loud applauses ring around the ground
11.4
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, length outside off, patted to point
11.3
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, Richardson bends his back and tests the bounce of the pitch by bombarding a bouncer. Karunaratne takes his head out of the way
11.2
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, 1 run, hip-tickler, Perera swivel-pulls it behind square on the leg-side
11.1
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, uppish slash, lacks timing. Loses balance but falls in the untentated area behind point
10.6
Maxwell to Karunaratne, 2 runs, Karunaratne also shows that he's calculative. Works with the spin towards mid-wicket and picks up a brace
10.5
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, skids on with the arm, Karunaratne tries to flick it across the line and gets beaten for pace. Thuds him on the pads, no appeal though as it was heading down leg
10.4
Maxwell to Karunaratne, no run, looped just outside off, brings Karunaratne forward. Sturdy block off the front foot
10.4
Maxwell to Karunaratne, wide, blip from Maxwell. Slips it down leg, got to rebowl it
10.3
Maxwell to Kusal Perera, 1 run, flattish down leg, nurdled round the corner
10.2
Maxwell to Kusal Perera, no run, settles for a block back to the bowler
10.1
Maxwell to Kusal Perera, no run, oh, he was loading up. At the last moment, arrested his backlift upon seeing the loop. So, jabs it to extra cover
9.6
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Karunaratne defends
9.5
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, 1 run, oh he's smashed this off the front foot to sweeper cover as Richardson offers width outside off stump
9.4
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, no run, horrendous review. Good length delivery angling across outside off stump, Perera tries to dab and misses, the bowler didn't appeal much, Shaun Marsh and Carey seemed convinced and they asked Finch to review. The replay showed the ball missed the bat comfortably. Australia desperately wanted to break the stand and they have lost a review now
9.3
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, FOUR, dear me! Kusal Perera, it's so disgraceful for a bowler if you keep smashing them with such audacity. This is acres outside off stump, but this bloke backs himself and fetches the pull shot, brave hit because there was a man put at mid-wicket just before this ball but he's cleared him
9.2
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, he's mowed this across the line, but mistimes it, rolls wide of mid-on
9.1
K Richardson to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Karunaratne goes back and flicks it to backward square leg
8.6
Behrendorff to Kusal Perera, FOUR, Australia are leaking runs. This is seriously poor bowling. All over the place and this is down the leg-side, Perera glances it along the ground to fine leg, beating the man inside the ring at 45. 18 off that over
8.5
Behrendorff to Kusal Perera, no run, covers the short of length delivery and defends
8.4
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, overpitched delivery on the stumps, Karunaratne flicks along the ground to deep square leg
8.3
Behrendorff to Kusal Perera, 5 runs, pushed to mid-on, Finch has a shy, a direct-hit would have been curtains, but it's gone for overthrows as there is no one backing up the throw
8.2
Behrendorff to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, walks forward and flicks it to deep square leg, rushes back for the second run
8.1
Behrendorff to Kusal Perera, SIX, oh what a shot! He's smashed Behrendorff without any respect. Overpitched delivery outside off stump, Perera lofts in the air and clears the cover boundary
7.6
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, 1 run, slower delivery, pull-flicked to backward square leg
7.5
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, shortish delivery on the stumps, Perera pulls it to deep mid-wicket
7.4
K Richardson to Kusal Perera, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Perera swings and misses
7.3
K Richardson to Karunaratne, 1 run, flicked away to backward square leg
7.2
K Richardson to Karunaratne, FOUR, flicked away uppishly as Richardson bowls short and on the leg stump, Karunaratne places it wide of short fine leg
7.1
K Richardson to Karunaratne, no run, what happened there! Karunaratne was in his stance. He thought Richardson was on his warm-up run and then suddenly defends as the ball is sent down. Aleem Dar did not stop the bowler, there was no signal from him, so it's a legit delivery he says
6.6
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, shortish and on the stumps, Karunaratne flicks it to deep square leg and he's got strike yet again
6.5
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, FOUR, inside edge past the stumps and a lucky boundary to fine leg. Fullish and just outside off stump, Karunaratne pushes at the ball, gets away with an edge
6.4
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, FOUR, short delivery, Karunaratne helps it away on its way, not controlled because the bottom hand came off the handle, ball rolls to fine leg
6.3
Behrendorff to Kusal Perera, 1 run, Kusal Perera is back on strike after 17 balls. He's hurried by this short of length delivery, Perera manages to get an inside edge to deep square leg
6.2
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, gets a step forward and defends this good length delivery to the left of cover-point
6.1
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 2 runs, short and rising, Karunaratne hops and flicks behind square, wide of short fine leg
5.6
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, 1 run, dabbed to third man and he'll keep strike
5.5
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Karunaratne takes a step forward and drives to mid-off
5.4
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, this time Karunaratne inside-edges the ball onto his pad
5.3
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, FOUR, oh almost bowled. That's the length he needs to hit consistently. Good length just around the off stump, Karunaratne defends, the ball nips back in and takes the edge, rolls past the sticks and beats fine leg
5.2
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, FOUR, way too short and both batsmen have been comfortable pulling the ball through mid-wicket. Pat Cummins not really hitting the zone, has been very short on occasions and batsmen have made full use
5.1
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Karunaratne defends off the back foot
4.6
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, 1 run, flicked away to the right of mid-wicket, who half-stops the ball, slight hesitation but they complete the run
4.5
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, this is good bowling. Good length delivery outside off stump, the wobbly seam means it moves away late from Karunaratne, who was pushing in his defence, so close to the outside dge
4.4
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, covers the line of this short of length delivery and defends well
4.3
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, appeal for LBW, not given and rightly so. Good length delivery was slipping past the leg stump, impact was in line but it would have gone down
4.2
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Karunaratne punches it to mid-on
4.1
Behrendorff to Karunaratne, no run, beats the bat first ball. Gets the length delivery to nip away off the seam and Karunaratne was caught poking away from the body
3.6
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, 3 runs, oh lovely square-drive, full and angled across, Karunaratne leans forward and places it between backward point and cover point, the ball rolls and stops in front of the rope. That's soft hands from Karunaratne
3.5
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, Karunaratne looks to cut and misses, the length wasn't really short for the shot
3.4
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, fullish and on the stumps, Karunaratne drives it back to the bowler
3.3
Pat Cummins to Kusal Perera, 1 run, inside edge on the attempted off-side push rolls to mid-wicket, nice attacking length delivery from Cummins, Perera just about manages to get his bat down in time
3.2
Pat Cummins to Kusal Perera, no run, overpitched delivery, but tentative foot movement meant Perera couldn't time this off-drive well, rolls straight to mid-off
3.1
Pat Cummins to Kusal Perera, no run, short of length delivery just around the off stump, Perera punches it hard, but finds backward point
2.6
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery down the leg-side, Karunaratne was late on the glance, wears it on the thigh pad
2.5
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, short and on the leg stump, left alone
2.4
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, inswinging yorker at 150kph and that brings Karunaratne onto ground. He couldn't dig this out, luckily for him it was heading down the leg-side. Ball hit him low on the pad
2.3
Starc to Karunaratne, 2 runs, short of length delivery outside off stump, Karunaratne pushes it past backward point
2.2
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, short in length, Karunaratne stands tall and defends
2.1
Starc to Karunaratne, no run, nice off-drive, full delivery on the stumps, Karunaratne drives, Starc gets down in his followthrough and stops
1.6
Pat Cummins to Kusal Perera, FOUR, he has been severe on anything short, pulls, doesn't bother to keep it down, backs himself to hit the gap at mid-wicket and succeeds
1.5
Pat Cummins to Kusal Perera, no run, defended, but Cummins won't mind becasue Perera front foot pointing to cover and the bat came down at an angle to suggest he was opened up slightly
1.4
Pat Cummins to Kusal Perera, FOUR, oh he's pulled that nicely from the middle of the bat, shortish in length, Perera pounces on the ball and pulls it to deep mid-wicket
1.3
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, 3 runs, sweetly flicked from the crease, mid-wicket dives but it escapes, the ball though slows down and stops just in front of the deep square leg boundary
1.2
Pat Cummins to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Karunaratne shoulders arms
1.1
Pat Cummins to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short and down the leg-side, Perera tries to help it fine, misses, the ball rolls to fine leg off the thigh pad, but the ump reckons there was some bat on it
0.6
Starc to Karunaratne, FOUR, this is sweetly timed, short and wide, Karunaratne drives off the back foot, not exactly a cut shot, backward point had no chance and there were enough legs on this one to get to the rope. Good start for Sri Lanka
0.5
Starc to Karunaratne, 2 runs, width offered outside off stump, so Karunaratne uses the pace of the bowler and pushes it past backward point, Maxwell tidies up with a tumbling save at the fence
0.4
Starc to Kusal Perera, leg byes, 1 run, soft appeal for LBW, but this was clearly going down, impact was even outside leg stump. Very full from Starc, Perera was beaten by the fullness of the ball and it swung slightly away to hit the bottom of the front pad and roll fine leg
0.3
Starc to Kusal Perera, FOUR, uppishly push and the ball escapes through the vacant cover-point region. Fullish delivery outside off stump, Perera slices the ball and it goes to the left of the man at backward point
0.2
Starc to Kusal Perera, no run, hits the pad, no feet from Kusal Perera, incoming good length delivery, hit around leg stump line, so no appeal from Australia as they knew it was heading down the leg side
0.1
Starc to Karunaratne, 1 run, edge straightaway, but Karunaratne is a solid Test player, so he won't push at the ball with hard hands. He did play away from the body to this good length delivery outside off stump though, the ball rolled wide of the man at second slip
Commentary
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Pradeep,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
Aaron Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
