49.5
Phehlukwayo to Lyon, out Caught by Markram!! Australia finish second on the points table! They'll face England at Birmingham. Excellent end to their campaign for South Africa, they would be delighted. A slower delivery by Phehlukwayo and Lyon slogs this one straight to Markram at deep mid-wicket. Good running catch by the youngster and that shall be the game. wkt (10-315) min (7m). Lyon c Markram b Phehlukwayo 3(3)
49.4
Phehlukwayo to Behrendorff, 1 run, attempts a flat batted shot and miscues it to mid-off for a single
49.3
Phehlukwayo to Behrendorff, 2 runs, Appeal for a run-out, taken upstairs! This was lofted to long-off by Lyon, he challenges the fielder's arm and manages to steal the second. Morris threw it at the keeper's end and de Kock was quick to take down the bails too, however, Lyon was the quickest! Not out!
49.2
Phehlukwayo to Lyon, 1 run, short and wide outside off, slightly slow too, Lyon slaps it through covers for a single
49.1
Phehlukwayo to Behrendorff, 3 runs, slow and short down the leg side, Behrendorff drags it to long leg and manages to take three runs, nicely stopped by Duminy in the deep, saves the boundary, but he fumbles trying to quickly fire the throw to the keeper and concedes an extra run
48.6
Rabada to Lyon, 2 runs, drives the length delivery through covers and takes two runs. Meanwhile, the crowd at Manchester appreciate Rabada's efforts, two wickets and Australia need 18 runs after that over
48.5
Rabada to Starc, out Bowled!! You miss, I hit! Starc receiving a taste of his own medicine. Rabada steams in from round the wicket and spears in a full length delivery, the ball holds its shape, beats the batsman's wild swing and takes down the middle-stump along with it. South Africa just a wicket away from a convincing win. wkt (9-306) min (24m). Starc b Rabada 16(11) [4s-1 6s-1]
48.4
Rabada to Behrendorff, 1 run, drags the shortish delivery to wide long-on and brings back Starc on strike
48.3
Rabada to Behrendorff, 2 runs, slices the widish delivery to third man for a couple of runs again, need a boundary though
48.2
Rabada to Behrendorff, 2 runs, overthrows! Needless throw by Morris, it should've been only a single. Behrendorff had got a leading edge towards point and Morris' direct-hit deflects to long-on and they take a couple
48.1
Rabada to Khawaja, out Bowled!! Khawaja tries a fancy shot and throws away his wicket. Rabada follows the batsman by keeping this one outside off, he ends up bowling a full toss but Khawaja ramps it straight on to his stumps. Moved far too across, connected the shot nicely too but unluckily had to see the bails fly all over the place. This is going to be pivotal over by Rabada, it's not going to be easy to get boundaries against his raw pace. wkt (8-301) min (26m). Khawaja b Rabada 18(14) [4s-3]
47.6
Chris Morris to Khawaja, 1 run, slices this one through the gap at cover-point and retains strike
47.5
Chris Morris to Khawaja, FOUR, Morris losing his radar! This is good batting by Australia, just the kind of over they were looking for. A full toss by the bowler and Khawaja clips it towards the gap at mid-wicket, beats the fielder in the deep with his timing and placement
47.4
Chris Morris to Starc, 1 run, goes wide and bowls a reasonably slower ball, Starc reaches out and drills it to sweeper cover for a single
47.3
Chris Morris to Starc, FOUR, another boundary! Morris misses his yorker and dishes a full length delivery, Starc clears his front leg and bludgeons it to the long-on fence, that rocketed to the boundary in no time
47.2
Chris Morris to Starc, SIX, any baseball player will be proud of that shot! A high backlift, right into the slot and Starc swings it over the cow-corner for a flat six! He can hit those big ones, he surely can
47.1
Chris Morris to Khawaja, 1 run, Khawaja tries to play a scoop against this low full toss but the ball catches the toe-end and ricochets into the off side, nothing more than a single
46.6
Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run, low full outside off, Khawaja chips it through covers, just a single to end the over
46.5
Rabada to Khawaja, FOUR, a poor delivery by Rabada! Tries to follow the batsman with this short ball and takes off the pace too. The lack of pace allows Khawaja to make adjustment as he hacks it over fine leg, no fielder in the deep and that shall be a welcome boundary for Australia
46.4
Rabada to Starc, 1 run, flicks the low full toss to wide long-on for a single
46.3
Rabada to Khawaja, 1 run, short of a length around off, Khawaja chops it towards the left of the keeper and hands over the strike to Starc
46.2
Rabada to Khawaja, no run, on a length around off, Khawaja is early into his shot as he chips it in front of mid-off, was in the air for a while but dropped in front of the fielder
46.1
Rabada to Khawaja, no run, short and quick outside off, Khawaja swings across the line and misses, he'll need some time to get going, he's carrying an injury moreover
45.6
Chris Morris to Starc, no run, 136kph, a well directed bouncer by Chris Morris, Starc swings his bat but the ball flies past him. Morris followed the batsman nicely once he had cleared his front leg, just 3 runs and a wicket in that over
45.5
Chris Morris to Starc, no run, 137kph, that length ball was right in the slot, Starc heaves it but the ball travels straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
45.4
Chris Morris to Starc, 2 runs, drags the slightly short ball to deep backward square leg for a couple of runs
45.3
Chris Morris to Starc, no run, fullish delivery around middle and leg, Starc drives it to mid-on
45.2
Chris Morris to Carey, out Caught by Markram!! This was the wicket South Africa were looking for. The game is heavily tilted towards South Africa, especially after Carey's dismissal. This was in the channel outside off, on a length and the batsman plays a half-hearted shot. The ball came off the splice and flew straight to Markram at sweeper cover. He takes a well judged catch and the Aussie 'keeper walks back after playing a brilliant knock. wkt (7-275) min (90m). Carey c Markram b Chris Morris 85(69) [4s-11 6s-1]
45.1
Chris Morris to Starc, 1 run, jams this one out towards covers for a single, does Starc, Carey is back on strike
44.6
Phehlukwayo to Starc, 1 run, slightly fuller around off, Starc drives it through covers and gets off the mark
44.5
Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run, slower delivery down the leg side, Carey drags it to short fine leg where he can't the fielder inside the ring
44.4
Phehlukwayo to Pat Cummins, out Caught by Duminy!! Phehlukwayo comes back into the attack and breaks the partnership. Carey is still out there though, but South Africa are satisfied with this wicket too. Was a slower delivery by Phehlukwayo and Cummins swung hard at it. Mistimed the shot horribly and got it off the top-edge towards long-off. Duminy ambles towards the ball, settles underneath it and reverse cups it. wkt (6-272) min (24m). Pat Cummins c Duminy b Phehlukwayo 9(15) [4s-1]
44.3
Phehlukwayo to Carey, 1 run, drags the short ball to long-on for a single
44.3
Phehlukwayo to Carey, wide, attempts a slower ball but sprays it down the leg side, Carey was looking to help it down to fine leg but it was too wide
44.2
Phehlukwayo to Pat Cummins, 1 run, slower delivery outside off, very full in length, Pat Cummins goes hard at it, flashes and gets an outside edge that flies down to third man
44.1
Phehlukwayo to Pat Cummins, no run, short of a length outside off, Pat Cummins slaps it to cover, Carey wanted a single but he was sent back
43.6
Shamsi to Pat Cummins, 1 run, sharp spin on this ball and it's been heaved to deep square leg by Pat Cummins
43.5
Shamsi to Carey, 1 run, down on his knee to nail the slogsweep to deep mid-wicket, doesn't find the gap this time though
43.4
Shamsi to Carey, 2 runs, treks back and chops the slightly short ball through point, the fielder in the deep had to cover a lot of ground, hence a couple was always on
43.3
Shamsi to Carey, no run, short ball outside off, sliced to the man at point
43.2
Shamsi to Carey, FOUR, not for the first time is Carey playing such a knock in this tournament. Have Australia found a new finisher? A tossed up delivery by Shamsi and the southpaw slogsweeps it into the gap at deep mid-wicket, back-to-back boundaries
43.1
Shamsi to Carey, FOUR, edged for a boundary! That was a quicker ball outside off, Carey rocks back and plays a late-cut and manages to beat the fielder at short third man
42.6
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, slider outside off, Carey slices it to backward point, one more added to the total
42.5
Tahir to Carey, FOUR, Tahir has already conceded 16 runs in this over. A floated delivery around off and it's been thumped down to long-off by the southpaw. Rabada mistimes his run and ends up giving away a boundary
42.4
Tahir to Carey, SIX, one of the cleanest hits of the evening! Gets hold of the leg-break and smokes it over long-on for half-a-dozen. No need for running for those!
42.3
Tahir to Pat Cummins, 1 run, pulls the short ball to deep mid-wicket and takes a single
42.2
Tahir to Pat Cummins, FOUR, a legbreak outside off, Pat Cummins waits for it to arrive and lofts it over covers with clinical timing, placement was excellent too, four runs for the all-rounder
42.1
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, full and quick around off, Carey drills it to wide long-off for a single
41.6
Shamsi to Carey, 1 run, walks down the wicket and chips it to long-off for a single
41.6
Shamsi to Carey, wide, quicker ball outside off, misses the tramline, wide called
41.5
Shamsi to Pat Cummins, 1 run, drives this one to wide long-off for a single, Faf du Plessis loses balance and falls down while going for the throw but the batsmen stick to a single
41.4
Shamsi to Pat Cummins, no run, bunts the wrong 'un in front of covers, wanted a single but he wouldn't have made it, right decision to not take it
41.3
Shamsi to Pat Cummins, no run, slightly short ball by Shamsi, Pat Cummins nudges it to mid-wicket
41.2
Shamsi to Carey, 1 run, tossed up delivery outside off, Carey glides it to short third man
41.1
Shamsi to Carey, no run, short ball outside off, asking to be hit, Carey smacks it hard but can't beat the fielder at cover
40.6
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, drills this floated delivery to long-off and retains strike
40.5
Tahir to Carey, FOUR, the match is not over yet, till the time this guy's out in the middle, it's definitely not. Carey shimmies down the wicket and bludgeons the flighted delivery right over Tahir's head, couldn't have placed it any better
40.4
Tahir to Pat Cummins, 1 run, reads the googly well and knocks it to long-on, does Pat Cummins
40.3
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, treks back and pulls the short ball to deep mid-wicket on a couple of bounces
40.2
Tahir to Carey, no run, quicker delivery by Tahir, Carey guides it back to Tahir
40.1
Tahir to Carey, 2 runs, skips down the track and slices the tossed up delivery to wide long-off, two more runs added to the total
39.6
Pretorius to Pat Cummins, no run, wicket-maiden for Pretorius! Spears in a length ball around middle and leg, Pat Cummins gets an inside edge on his flick, mid-wicket is the man in action. Sublime over by the all-rounder
39.5
Pretorius to Pat Cummins, no run, another diving stop by Morris, he's everywhere on the field. This was flicked to mid-wicket by Pat Cummins and Morris times his jump and grabs it in his right hand
39.4
Pretorius to Pat Cummins, no run, 128kph, short and slow by Pretorius, Pat Cummins tries to ramp it to third man but gets beaten due to the bounce
39.3
Pretorius to Pat Cummins, no run, slightly short in the channel outside off, skiddy ball that's been sliced off the back foot to point
39.2
Pretorius to Pat Cummins, no run, short ball by Pretorius and Pat Cummins sways away from the line, good carry on its way to the keeper
39.1
Pretorius to Warner, out Caught by Chris Morris!! Massive moment in the game and Manchester erupts! The crowd is booing as Warner walks back to the pavilion. A length delivery by Pretorius and Warner heaves it to mid-on. The connection was good enough but Morris at mid-on was equally good with his fielding. Flies to his left and plucks it out of thin air. Onus on Carey to take the game deep from here on. Can he? wkt (5-227) min (168m). Warner c Chris Morris b Pretorius 122(117) [4s-15 6s-2]
38.6
Rabada to Carey, no run, back of a length around off, Carey defends it towards the off side
38.5
Rabada to Carey, no run, short ball by Rabada and the batsman is forced to take evasive action, ducks underneath
38.4
Rabada to Carey, FOUR, half century for Carey! After the Aussie openers, he's has been the most consistent batsman in this team. Arches back and guides the short ball to the third man fence, lovely shot to bring up the milestone
38.3
Rabada to Warner, 1 run, heaves this length delivery to deep mid-wicket
38.2
Rabada to Carey, 1 run, drops the ball in front of backward point and takes off for a quick single. JPD aims and misses at the batting end, had that hit Warner would have been gone
38.1
Rabada to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length on leg-stump, Warner hops and misses the tuck, the ball deflects to backward square off the thigh pad
37.6
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, low full toss on the pads, flicked away to the right of deep square
37.5
Chris Morris to Carey, 1 run, fuller and wider of off at 138ks, Carey drills the drive through extra cover and brings up the 100-run stand between the duo. A warm handshake and back to business...
37.4
Chris Morris to Carey, no run, prods forward and splices the back of a length delivery into the off-side. Thought of a tap-and-run single but Warner was never interested
37.3
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, short of a full length just outside off, Warner taps it into the mid-wicket pocket and rushes across for a quick single
37.2
Chris Morris to Carey, 1 run, angled into the pads from wide of the crease, Carey's happy to nudge it into the leg-side
37.1
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, skiddy length delivery on leg-stump, Warner tucks it into the leg-side and calls his partner through for a quick single
36.6
Shamsi to Carey, 2 runs, premeditates the lap sweep and gets it fine past the keeper, easy two
36.5
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, backs away and cuts the flatter delivery wide of cover
36.4
Shamsi to Warner, FOUR, Warner on charge! Comes down the track, gets close to the pitch of the delivery and lofts Shamsi inside out over extra cover. Shouts of 'catch it' but no-one will get there
36.3
Shamsi to Warner, FOUR, sits on one knee, waits for Shamsi to toss this up and he picks it up off his pads to flap it up and over backward square for a boundary
36.2
Shamsi to Carey, 1 run, shuffles to the leg-side and forces the flatter delivery through covers
36.1
Shamsi to Carey, FOUR, half-tracker from Shamsi, Carey backs away a fraction and batters it past the non-striker and manages it get it straight of mid-on. Well calculated stroke that from the Australian keeper
35.6
Chris Morris to Warner, 2 runs, short ball at the body, Warner swivels and pulls it over mid-wicket, didn't catch the middle of the bat. Looked like a boundary, but Phehlukwayo does well to run in and slide full length (from deep square) to keep it down to two
35.5
Chris Morris to Carey, 1 run, manages to connect with the pull this time, flies off the top-edge and falls well in front of the incoming fielder at fine leg
35.4
Chris Morris to Carey, no run, 136ks angled in from a length, Carey tries to play a flat-feeted pull and misses it altogether. Gets knocked on the thigh pad after being beaten on the inside edge
35.3
Chris Morris to Carey, no run, very full outside off, Carey squeezes the drive to the right of cover
35.2
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, short of length on the pads, clipped away behind square on the leg-side
35.1
Chris Morris to Warner, FOUR, too full and in the slot, Warner makes room slightly and pumps it straight back over the bowler's head. 'The best place to hit a cricket ball' as Harsha Bhogle would say...
34.6
Tahir to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, tries to work this into the leg-side but gets it off the pad and it rolls away wide of backward point. Warner was nearly done in by the flight, just about managed to get some thigh pad on that, past the inside edge
34.5
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, spinning into the pads, flicked away square on the leg-side
34.4
Tahir to Warner, 1 run, shuffles out and works the legbreak wide of mid-on
34.3
Tahir to Warner, no run, driven straight back at the bowler, Tahir half-stops and deflects it onto the stumps at the bowling end. Carey's well in though
34.2
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, advances and drives it to the left of the bowler
34.1
Tahir to Carey, FOUR, shouts of 'catch it' but no-one's getting there. Carey uses his feet and toe-ends the loft over wide mid-off, just had to clear the fielder and it did clear Phehlukwayo by some margin
33.6
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Warner hops in his crease and pushes into the covers
33.5
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, fullish on middle and leg, Warner stays leg-side of the delivery and pokes it into the off-side
33.4
Chris Morris to Warner, FOUR. A poke. Outside edge. Flew away to the third man fence. Doesn't matter how it comes as long as it comes. Third hundred this World Cup for David Warner and his tournament continues to get better and better with each passing game. Looks for a guide down to third man and instead edges it fine past the keeper. A leap to glory and a huge roar from Warner as the dressing room stand and applaud all the theatrics. With that - 17th ODI hundred - Warner surpasses Adam Gilchrist. The trademark leap to celebrate the hundred from Davey Warner with the helmet off
33.3
Chris Morris to Warner, FOUR, the rib-tickler from Morris and Warner has neatly helped that away to the fine leg fence with minimum fuss. Just hops on his toes and makes full use of Morris' pace...
33.2
Chris Morris to Carey, 1 run, shortens his length and keeps it just outside off, Carey bunts it into the off-side and gets across for a quick single
33.1
Chris Morris to Carey, no run, full and angling in from round the wicket, Carey toe-ends the drive back towards the bowler
32.6
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, slightly short outside off, Carey swivels and drags the pull wide of long-on
32.5
Tahir to Carey, no run, very full on leg-stump, Carey leans across and flicks it to the left of mid-wicket
32.4
Tahir to Carey, no run, was that a chance? Oh yes! Straight in and straight out. Floated full outside off and Carey drilled it straight back at Tahir who failed to get hold of the retrun catch that came at a rapid pace. Carey nearly turned his back after hitting that shot
32.3
Tahir to Warner, 1 run, googly outside off, Warner hangs back and taps it with soft hands into the off-side for a quick single
32.2
Tahir to Warner, FOUR, touch of class from Warner! Sees a juicy toss up outside off and silks the drive in the gap between extra cover and mid-off
32.1
Tahir to Carey, 1 run, quicker on leg-stump, Carey drives firmly towards long-on
31.6
Duminy to Carey, 1 run, opens the bat face and punches the flatter delivery wide of backward point
31.5
Duminy to Carey, FOUR, too full and Carey pounces on it! Presses forward and nails the drive wide of extra cover
31.4
Duminy to Carey, no run, floated full outside off, Carey drives towards extra cover and there's a slight confusion for the single. A direct hit from Rassie at the bowling end, but Warner's safe...
31.3
Duminy to Carey, FOUR, fired in with the arm, Carey goes deep inside the crease and cuts it at the last possible instant beating the diving right hand of KG Rabada at backward point
31.2
Duminy to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, darted into the pads, Warner misses the tickle and manages a glance off his thigh pad
31.1
Duminy to Warner, no run, flat outside off, Warner makes room and mistimes the flat-bat smack back to the bowler
30.6
Shamsi to Carey, no run, fired in quicker outside off, cut away straight to backward point
30.5
Shamsi to Warner, 3 runs, attempts the slogsweep and gets a thick top-edge that loops over the backtracking fielder at short fine. Faf was interested for a while, but the ball was always eluding him
30.4
Shamsi to Carey, 1 run, flat and fast outside off, Carey camps back and cuts square on the off-side
30.3
Shamsi to Carey, FOUR, too full on leg-stump, Carey whips it away over mid-wicket with an air of nonchalance. Placed it to perfection!!
30.2
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, slower and spinning away, Warner opens the face and taps it in front of cover for a quick single
30.1
Shamsi to Warner, no run, runs down the pitch and checks the drive back towards the bowler
29.6
Duminy to Warner, 1 run, full on leg-stump, Warner moves across and chips the flick wide of short fine
29.5
Duminy to Warner, no run, slider from JPD, Warner backs away and gets a thick inside edge onto pad on the cut
29.4
Duminy to Carey, 1 run, too full on off, Carey dances down the pitch and biffs the drive straight of long-off
29.3
Duminy to Carey, no run, full on off-stump, Carey makes room and toe-ends the drive to cover
29.2
Duminy to Warner, 1 run, nudged away wide of square leg
29.1
Duminy to Warner, FOUR, typical Warner! Reverses his stance, brings out one of his T20 strokes, slapped away over backward point with some disdain
28.6
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, full outside off, Warner drills to the left of extra cover, Rassie puts in the dive and keeps it down to a single
28.5
Shamsi to Warner, 2 runs, just over the fielder! Warner would have had his heart in his mouth. He shuffled out of the crease and looked to loft Shamsi over mid-off, gets done in by the grip and skews it up into the air off the top-edge, it loops up for a long time and drops wide of the bactracking fielder at extra cover
28.4
Shamsi to Carey, 1 run, opens the bat face and manoeuvres the flatter delivery wide of cover
28.3
Shamsi to Carey, no run, tosses it full around off, Carey is early into the drive and nearly chips a return catch to the bowler. Just short
28.2
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, quicker and attacking off, Warner opens the bat face, taps into the off-side and rushes through for a quick single
28.1
Shamsi to Warner, no run, short and spinning away outside off, Warner cuts late but cannot beat the man at backward point
27.6
Duminy to Carey, no run, full and drifting into middle and leg, Carey jams the drive back to the bowler
27.5
Duminy to Warner, 1 run, makes room and flat-bats the drive to sweeper cover
27.4
Duminy to Carey, 1 run, sliding in full on leg-stump, Carey advances and forces the drive wide of long-on
27.3
Duminy to Warner, 1 run, hangs back and punches the quicker delivery wide of cover
27.2
Duminy to Carey, 1 run, low full toss outside off, driven down to long-off
27.1
Duminy to Warner, 1 run, full on off, Warner strides forward and drives straight of long-on
26.6
Shamsi to Carey, 2 runs, goes deep inside the crease and stabs the shortish delivery wide of backward point
26.5
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, slower and full on off-stump, Warner presses forward and pushes the drive wide of cover
26.4
Shamsi to Carey, 1 run, shuffles back and across and punches the flatter delivery wide of mid-on
26.3
Shamsi to Carey, no run, spinning away outside off, Carey decides to play a late cut and chops it off the inside edge into the off-side
26.2
Shamsi to Carey, no run, fuller on off-stump, Carey leans forward and bunts it into the off-side
26.1
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, flat outside off, Warner cuts it square on the off-side
25.6
Duminy to Carey, no run, drifting in on off, pushed to Duminy
25.5
Duminy to Carey, no run, overpitched on off stump, driven to cover
25.4
Duminy to Carey, no run, pushed to cover
25.3
Duminy to Carey, no run, length ball sliding through on off, comes off the inside half from Carey in defence
25.2
Duminy to Carey, no run, drifting in at the stumps, pushed back to Duminy
25.1
Duminy to Warner, 1 run, got too close to the pitch after stepping out, manages to squeeze it through to long-off
24.6
Rabada to Warner, 1 run, Warner's backed away premeditatedly here. This was back of a length close to off and he carves it through point for one
24.5
Rabada to Carey, 1 run, tucked off the hip behind square
24.4
Rabada to Carey, FOUR, such sweet timing from Carey. Shot of a man in rich form. Pitched up outside off, his front foot goes towards the ball before creaming it through extra cover
24.3
Rabada to Carey, no run, pitched up at the stumps, pushed to cover
24.2
Rabada to Carey, no run, beats the outside edge! Back of a length, left the left-hander with the angle and Carey - as you'd expect first ball - was tentative
24.1
Rabada to Maxwell, out Caught by de Kock!! De Kock's grabbed a one-handed stunner over his head. Nothing that's new to him though, has shown the penchant for these time and again. Short of length outside off, healthy top-edge from Maxwell as he looks to pull. De Kock flies while stretching his right hand and it sticks right in. Super move from Faf to let Rabada have a go at this partnership. wkt (4-119) min (24m). Maxwell c De Kock b Rabada 12(20) [4s-1]
23.6
Shamsi to Warner, no run, defended back down the pitch
23.5
Shamsi to Warner, no run, there's a massive leg-before appeal, which is very exaggerated considering this is easily going down leg. But nice drift for Shamsi here, has Warner playing outside the line of it
23.4
Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run, turning in on leg stump, clipped through to deep midwicket
23.3
Shamsi to Maxwell, no run, picks the googly off the back foot and punches to cover. Loud shout of "no"
23.2
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, shimmies down and pushes it to long-off
23.1
Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run, slight misjudgement in length this. Played back to a ball that zipped in from a good length. Manages to skew it off a thick inside edge through midwicket
22.6
Rabada to Maxwell, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, driven crisply wide of Vander Dussen who makes a diving stop to his left at short cover
22.5
Rabada to Maxwell, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, checks his shot to cover
22.4
Rabada to Maxwell, no run, short of length delivery outside off, punches it to cover
22.3
Rabada to Maxwell, 2 runs, the slip had gone off before this delivery and right on cue, Maxwell's outside edge is found. Would've been wide of the man anyway. Good diving stop at third man
22.2
Rabada to Maxwell, no run, short of length delivery outside off, wanted to pull this despite the line not being very comfortable. Beaten!
22.1
Rabada to Maxwell, no run, short of length delivery outside off, Maxwell has a waft at it and inside-edges it back to De Kock. Bounced well short. Such a loose shot this
21.6
Shamsi to Warner, FOUR, runs away off the edge to the third man boundary. No slip in place. Would've been right at him had anyone been there. Slightly short, but not enough for Warner to be in total control of the bounce as he looks to cut
21.5
Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run, flat on off, reasonable purchase, Maxwell punches off the back foot to long-off
21.4
Shamsi to Maxwell, no run, length ball turning in on middle, Maxwell eases it to short midwicket
21.3
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, tossed up on off, pushed down to long-off
21.2
Shamsi to Warner, no run, slight hesitation as Vander Dussen moves swiftly to cut this off at cover, but Warner had aborted the run soon enough to steer clear of any danger
21.1
Shamsi to Warner, no run, pushed through flat on middle, 85kph, Warner punches it to point
20.6
Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, blocked to point
20.5
Phehlukwayo to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, punched to deep point
20.4
Phehlukwayo to Warner, FOUR, another pull shot to the boundary, second one in four balls. Just doesn't have the pace to bowl that length. 127kph, sits up for Warner who smacks it in front of square
20.3
Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, squirted off a thick outside edge down to third man
20.2
Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, FOUR, no problems with this pull shot though! Absolutely nails it through midwicket
20.1
Phehlukwayo to Maxwell, no run, just short of midwicket! Didn't get hold of this pull shot, probably came off the bottom
19.6
Shamsi to Maxwell, 1 run, tossed up outside off, pushed through the covers
19.5
Shamsi to Warner, 1 run, punched through the covers
19.4
Shamsi to Warner, no run, not enough room to get the cut away properly, Warner mistimes it to point
19.3
Shamsi to Warner, no run, 82kph, the flight was enough to tease Warner into a cover drive. But then Shamsi got the ball to dip and turn sharply, beats the outside edge
19.2
Shamsi to Warner, no run, back of a length, skids through towards off, Warner leans back and punches to point
19.1
Shamsi to Warner, no run, slightly short and turning away outside off, cuts to backward point
18.6
Tahir to Maxwell, no run, length ball turning away from off, defended
18.5
Tahir to Maxwell, no run, punched off the back foot to backward point
18.4
Tahir to Maxwell, no run, flighted up on off, Maxwell pushes off the front foot but fails to beat the diving short cover
18.3
Tahir to Warner, out Stoinis Run Out!! They've gone upstairs for a run-out check. Oh this is brilliant from de Kock! Stoinis is gone here. It's the sort of maneuver you see with Dhoni a lot. He was standing in front of the stumps, and just as the throw was going past him, he deflects it accurately with a back-flick to find Stoinis short. Warner had worked this backward of square. Was a risky run from the start, but it just seemed like Stoinis wasn't motoring full tilt. Maybe de Kock got him by surprise. Plenty of pats for the wicketkeeper once the verdict is out. wkt (3-95) min (54m). Stoinis run out (Rabada/Quinton) 22(34) [4s-4]
18.2
Tahir to Warner, no run, turned to midwicket
18.1
Tahir to Warner, FOUR, this is such sharp judgement of length. Only slightly short from Tahir and Warner is all over it. Gets low enough to get under the ball and swats it over midwicket
17.6
Chris Morris to Stoinis, no run, short of length just outside off, blocked to cover
17.5
Chris Morris to Stoinis, FOUR, this short ball from Morris strayed in line slightly, and that was enough for Stoinis who swivelled inside the line and pulled it quite fine for four
17.4
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, back of a length on off stump, 136kph, Warner leans back and steers down to third man
17.3
Chris Morris to Stoinis, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, stands tall and punches it to sweeper cover
17.2
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, the runs keep coming from Warner in this World Cup. Another fifty. Just a little push to mid-off followed by a quick single
17.1
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, short of length around middle and off, steered to backward point
16.6
Tahir to Warner, 1 run, 83kph, overpitched on middle and leg. It's been whipped down to long-on
16.5
Tahir to Warner, no run, pushed to cover
16.4
Tahir to Warner, no run, quicker through the air, fizzes through on leg stump, Warner tucks it to midwicket
16.3
Tahir to Stoinis, 1 run, flighted googly on a length outside off, Stoinis pushes to long-off
16.2
Tahir to Warner, 1 run, snakes away outside off, another googly, punched through to sweeper cover
16.1
Tahir to Warner, no run, googly on leg stump, Warner punches it straight back
15.6
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery across off, glided down to third man
15.5
Chris Morris to Stoinis, 1 run, tucked through square leg for a single
15.4
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, back of a length delivery close to off, chopped down to third man
15.3
Chris Morris to Warner, SIX, just a little over 62 meters that side, and Warner comfortably clears the short boundary. Short of length, not enough pace to trouble him at 130kph, and although the timing isn't great, his pull shot lands in the crowd
15.2
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, short of length on off, steered to backward point
15.1
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, wanted to glide this fine of third man, but it cut away sharply from him off the deck, beating the outside edge
14.6
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery around off, punches it to mid-on
14.5
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, short of length outside off, punched to cover
14.4
Pretorius to Stoinis, FOUR, Tahir escorts this to the boundary from mid-on. Gave up the chase almost immediately, a smart thing to do on this outfield. Back of a length, 126kph, and punched firmly through the mid-wicket region by Stoinis
14.3
Pretorius to Warner, 1 run, fuller than a length across middle, Warner opens the bat-face to run it down to third man
14.2
Pretorius to Warner, FOUR, doles out a half-volley on off stump and all Warner does with it is to chip it over mid-on
14.1
Pretorius to Warner, no run, short of length delivery close to off, blocked to cover
13.6
Chris Morris to Stoinis, no run, another one nicely negotiated off the back foot, getting behind the line
13.5
Chris Morris to Stoinis, no run, short of length around off, Stoinis blocks off the back foot
13.4
Chris Morris to Stoinis, no run, full delivery on the stumps, Stoinis flicks it to mid-wicket
13.3
Chris Morris to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Warner turns it to square leg
13.2
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, goes back and defends into the off-side
13.1
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, full and outside off stump, Warner drives to cover
12.6
Pretorius to Warner, 1 run, round the wicket now, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Warner turns it through backward square leg and keeps strike
12.5
Pretorius to Warner, FOUR, neatly done! Warner getting the zone now for a big innings. Short of a length delivery outside off stump, Warner backs away and guides it fine to third man
12.4
Pretorius to Stoinis, 1 run, tucked to square leg
12.3
Pretorius to Stoinis, FOUR, this is a top shot, top because he's found that small gap between cover-point and point. Can't feed back of a length with width to a batsman who is hanging back and playing the punch very well, hit along the ground
12.2
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, Stoinis defends uppishly to mid-on
12.1
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Stoinis defends nicely to mid-off
12.1
Pretorius to Stoinis, wide, short delivery, too high, left alone by the batsman
11.6
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Warner stands tall and defends
11.5
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Warner hops and defends
11.4
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, blocked off the back foot
11.3
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, covers the line and manages to defend
11.2
Chris Morris to Warner, no run, past the edge. The scrambled seam short of length delivery outside off stump, nips away, Warner tries to defend off the front foot, almost nicks off
11.1
Chris Morris to Warner, FOUR, starts with a freebie short ball wide outside off stump, Warner stays back and cuts hard, there is deep cover, who runs and dives but loses the race
10.6
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, comes forward and defends
10.5
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, blocked to mid-on
10.4
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, that was a late reaction from Stoinis to defend, this one cut back into the right-hander from good length, Stoinis seems to have been surprised by the movement and he just met the ball before it could have touched the pad
10.3
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, back of a length, defended off the back foot
10.2
Pretorius to Stoinis, 2 runs, short delivery, pulled away to deep backward square leg, this seems to have kept a touch low
10.1
Pretorius to Warner, 1 run, too short and Warner happily pulls to deep mid-wicket
9.6
Rabada to Stoinis, FOUR, that is a lovely response after all those dots. Rabada will be disappointed for dishing out a full ball with room outside off stump. Stoinis freed his arms and essayed a neat hit through the big gap at cover. A closer line would have tested Stoinis
9.5
Rabada to Stoinis, no run, again a back foot punch and again Markram jumps high, this time to his right at cover-point to stop the ball
9.4
Rabada to Stoinis, no run, defended off the back foot, but the feet aren't really moving, just hands on ball to cover
9.3
Rabada to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Stoinis defends off the back foot
9.2
Rabada to Stoinis, no run, punched decently by Stoinis, but the man at cover-point jumps to his left and grabs the ball to save a few
9.1
Rabada to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Warner turns it to deep square leg
8.6
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery wide outside off stump, Stoinis shoulders arms
8.5
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, mistimed drive to mid-off. Stoinis looks so rusty with the bat in hand. If Australia go at this rate, they may well play England and they need to their players in top form
8.4
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Stoinis defends off the back foot
8.3
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, oh inside edge saves Stoinis there. Nip-backer from good length, Stoinis was trying to defend, so close to being LBW
8.2
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Stoinis defends
8.1
Pretorius to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, short of length delivery down the leg-side from round the wicket, Warner misses the flick, the ball rolls behind square on the on-side
7.6
Rabada to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Stoinis defends
7.5
Rabada to Warner, 1 run, knocked to mid-wicket
7.4
Rabada to Warner, FOUR, top edge, but it's safe. Rabada wanted fine leg back and this would have been a simple catch had the fielder been on the boundary. Pacy short delivery, Warner pulls and gets a thick edge, went way up in the air and took an eternity to come down
7.3
Rabada to Warner, no run, yorker on the stumps, Warner somehow digs it out
7.2
Rabada to Warner, no run, stays leg-side of the ball and then punches towards cover
7.1
Rabada to Warner, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Warner punches into the off-side
6.6
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, oh this one swung away late and Stoinis couldn't get bat on ball as he tried to drive away from the body. Almost a yorker outside off stump
6.5
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, punched towards cover
6.4
Pretorius to Stoinis, no run, good length delivery nipping back in, Stoinis defends off the back foot
6.3
Pretorius to Smith, out Lbw!! Given out. Smith consults and he isn't going to review. Australia effectively 33/3 with Khawaja retiring hurt. May not come out to bat. So this was a short of length delivery that nipped back in, Smith usually jumps to the off-side and flicks the ball at will, but he missed this and the ball struck him high on the pad. Impact in line with off and it was good enough for umpire Kumar Dharmasena. Probably would have been umpire's call, worth a review. Oh yes, HawkEye confirms the same as a part of the ball is hitting off stump. wkt (2-33) min (9m). Smith lbw b Pretorius 7(6) [4s-1]
6.2
Pretorius to Smith, FOUR, nice pull shot. Short delivery on the stumps, Smith hits this to the right of square leg and the timing was so good
6.1
Pretorius to Smith, no run, defended from the crease
5.6
Rabada to Warner, no run, oh inside edge hits the ground and then bounces to the bowler off the pad
5.5
Rabada to Warner, no run, good length delivery just on the off stump, Warner defends to cover
5.4
Rabada to Warner, SIX, what a shot! Short delivery on the stumps, bowled with a lot of pace, Warner rocks back and plays a powerful pull shot that went flat over deep mid-wicket
5.3
Rabada to Smith, 3 runs, flicked to deep square leg. Oh another mix-up. Another run-out missed. "This is stupid running from Australia," exclaims Ian Smith on air. This was a short of length delivery on the leg stump, Smith hit it along the ground. Both batsmen completed two. The throw was coming to QdK, but Warner suddenly charged for the third. Smith was stationary and then he was forced to react. The keeper threw to Rabada, who spilled the ball. Smith was not even in the picture even with a full length dive
5.2
Rabada to Smith, no run, goes on the back foot and tucks to short mid-wicket
5.1
Rabada to Smith, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Smith defends off the back foot
4.6
Tahir to Warner, no run, googly pitching outside leg and hitting Warner on the pad after he missed the sweep shot
4.5
Tahir to Warner, no run, flatter delivery outside off stump, Warner pushes it towards cover
4.4
Tahir to Warner, no run, flicked to the right of square leg
4.3
Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run, fires a full toss, Khawaja sweeps it behind square, fielded at deep backward square leg, easy two that, but looks like Khawaja is struggling with his hammie. That's why he didn't take the second run. Khawaja signals for the physio. This isn't looking good
4.2
Tahir to Khawaja, no run, tries the reverse sweep but picks out the man at backward point
4.1
Tahir to Warner, 1 run, worked away to long-on
3.6
Rabada to Warner, 1 run, the inswinger now, rushes Warner on the tuck, played to long leg
3.5
Rabada to Warner, no run, defended into the off-side
3.4
Rabada to Warner, no run, 141kph bouncer has Warner jumping and swaying out of the line, this is so good to watch
3.3
Rabada to Warner, no run, woah! What a ball. Firstly Warner had no clue how to play this and then QdK flings in pain after collecting the ball. 146 clicks on that one! Rabada is really running in. He knows he's underperformed, so is ready to show what he's capable of doing. Short of a length delivery angling across the left-hander, the ball bounced too and Warner couldn't put bat on ball
3.2
Rabada to Warner, no run, defends off the back foot and shouts "no runnnn" to his partner
3.1
Rabada to Warner, FOUR, lovely lofted drive. Warner needs to bat long today for Australia to get closer to the target. He lifts this good length delivery on the rise and hits it over extra-cover
2.6
Tahir to Khawaja, FOUR, low full toss, off-driven, the man at mid-off dives but this has bounced over his hand. Should have been cut off. Good on Khawaja that he didn't miss out on a freebie from Tahir
2.5
Tahir to Khawaja, no run, slower through the air this time, Khawaja defends
2.4
Tahir to Warner, 1 run, off the inner half of the bat to backward square leg, again a mix-up, but Warner was enough time to get to the bowler's end
2.3
Tahir to Warner, 2 runs, this is hit along the ground through backward square leg, Markram dives full length to his left in the deep and saves two
2.2
Tahir to Khawaja, 1 run, waits for the ball to come back in and works it to square leg
2.1
Tahir to Finch, out Caught by Markram!! Taken! Sharp catch and Tahir did Finch there with his pace. He didn't have the time to really go on the back foot to play this punch, was caught on the crease and the hands took over, so there was no control on the shot. A chipped hit and it went to the right of short cover. Tahir is running across Manchester now. South Africa's intensity too for Australia. If only they were this good at the start of the tournament! wkt (1-5) min (9m). Finch c Markram b Tahir 3(4)
1.6
Rabada to Warner, no run, now he almost smashes the glove with this inswinging short of length delivery that also bounces. Warner thought about a run, but Vander Dussen was swift to attack the ball from short mid-wicket
1.5
Rabada to Warner, no run, now Warner is jumping to play this 146kph short of length delivery from KG. Even the keeper was in the air when he collected that. Serious gas this from the bowler. This one cut back in a touch and troubled Warner on the inside edge
1.4
Rabada to Finch, 1 run, Rabada has Finch hopping in the crease to try and tuck this short of length delivery through backward square leg
1.3
Rabada to Warner, 1 run, pushes it to mid-off and calls for a brisk run
1.2
Rabada to Warner, no run, beaten, look at the carry and QdK fails to collect cleanly. Short of a length delivery angling across, Warner pushes away from the body and gets away with a loose shot. This is an intense start from the Proteas
1.1
Rabada to Finch, 1 run, outside edge, in the airrr and almost carries to third man. Maybe someone more quicker than Shamsi would have attacked better. Outswinger on short of length, Finch just threw his hands at it and got a big edge, got away with it as Shasmi was slow to move to his left. Took it on the bounce
0.6
Tahir to Warner, no run, punched into the off-side. Great start to the innings from Tahir. South Africa should have had a wicket
0.5
Tahir to Finch, 1 run, Finch manages to work this slider off the inner half of the bat to square leg
0.4
Tahir to Warner, 1 run, flighted delivery, Warner drives it to mid-off, diving save to the left
0.3
Tahir to Warner, no run, oh inside edge. Errr. Massive mix-up. Warner stranded. And what have you done Rabada. A simple throw to QdK would have been curtains for Davey. Instead he threw to Tahir's end. Flighted delivery on the stumps, Warner defends and gets a thick edge, the ball almost sneaked through and hit the pad, Warner took off, communication breakdown and then he paused. Finch too gave a start and turned his back. All smiles in the end for the Aussies
0.2
Tahir to Warner, no run, flicked to mid-wicket
0.1
Tahir to Warner, no run, oh straightaway gets it very full and troubles Warner. Hurriedly Warner brought his bat down and dug out back to the bowler
Commentary
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
Duminy,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Pretorius,Vander Dussen,Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Tabraiz Shamsi
