43.3
Udana to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, India win by 7 wickets. Handshakes all round. It was the back of the hand slower ball that deviated away, Pandya went with hard hands and the outside edge runs down to third man
43.2
Udana to Virat Kohli, 1 run, angled across off, Kohli opens the bat face and dabs it to third man
43.1
Udana to Virat Kohli, no run, short of length on off, Kohli is on his toes and drops it gently back down the wicket
42.6
Malinga to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, that will be Malinga's last ball in World Cups. A full toss on middle and leg, Pandya stands upright and uses his bottom hand to whip it to deep mid-wicket. He finishes his World Cup campaign with figures - 10-1-82-1
42.5
Malinga to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short of length around off, Kohli pulls with a wrist-roll to deep square leg
42.4
Malinga to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, nails the yorker and Pandya is hurried into getting his bat down, squirted off the inside edge to backward square leg. Pandya and Malinga share a laugh at the bowler's end
42.3
Malinga to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short of length outside off, Kohli opens the bat face and guides it to third man
42.3
Malinga to Virat Kohli, wide, spears the full delivery down leg, Kohli cannot lay bat on that and it is called a wide
42.2
Malinga to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, slow dipping full delivery, Pandya eaits and eases it towards mid-on
42.1
Malinga to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short and around hip height, Kohli swivels and pulls it to fine leg
41.6
Udana to Rishabh Pant, out Lbw!! Well, it turned out to be a good review in the end. It was taken more in hope. The back of the hand slower ball, Pant is down on his knee to swipe it across the line and is beaten for pace, the ball goes on to strike him on the back thigh and ball-tracking had it hitting the leg-stump. Not sure how though as he was out of the crease and the ball had a fair distance to cover. Nonetheless, India lose another with 12 needed wkt (3-253) min (6m). Pant lbw b Udana 4(4) [4s-1]
41.5
Udana to Rishabh Pant, no run, short of length outside off, Pant is a bit early into the pull and the cue-end rolls to cover
41.4
Udana to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, Pant is off and running. He does not take many sighters. Tad overpitched and Pant drives it straight down the ground, the power of the youngster is enough to take the ball to the fence
41.3
Udana to Rishabh Pant, no run, very full and close to yorker length, Pant squeezes it out to mid-on
41.2
Udana to Virat Kohli, 1 run, angled outside off, Kohli chases after it and the outside edge runs it down to third man
41.1
Udana to Virat Kohli, FOUR, geez! That is the shot of the day. We have had three centurions but this shot from Kohli is right above the rest. Fuller and outside off, Kohli leans forward and creams the drive right in the gap - between extra cover and mid-off. Everything right about the shot - the high elbow, the balance and the placement
40.6
Malinga to Kl Rahul, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! Malinga has his wicket. Rahul's fine knock comes to an end. It was the short delivery and it kept following a backing away Rahul, he had nowhere to go and he tried to duck down, but the ball brushed the glove and ballooned to Perera who dived forward to complete the catch. This wicket takes Malinga past Wasim Akram for the most wickets in World Cups list wkt (2-244) min (180m). Rahul c Kusal Perera b Malinga 111(118) [4s-11 6s-1]
40.5
Malinga to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short and around the ribs, Kohli gets on top of the bounce and helps it along the way to fine leg
40.4
Malinga to Virat Kohli, no run, fuller and outside off, Kohli presses forward and pushes it to cover
40.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, goes for the most trusted delivery - yorker, but Rahul is up for it as he whips it to deep square leg
40.2
Malinga to Kl Rahul, FOUR, that is a proper swipe. For goodness it is Malinga bowling. Good length ball just outside off, Rahul has his weight on the back foot as he swings it with a flat-bat to wide long-on, the ball bounced just in front of the ad cushions
40.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, FOUR, Rahul will want to wrap this up soon. Backs away and though he's cramped up a bit, but manages to get it over extra cover and there is no protection at long-off to stop that
39.6
Udana to Virat Kohli, no run, another back of the hand slower ball, Kohli gently taps it in front of backward point
39.5
Udana to Kl Rahul, 1 run, once more no pace offered, but Rahul had the width to play the cut to sweeper cover
39.4
Udana to Kl Rahul, no run, back of the hand slower ball, Rahul waits and bunts it in front of point
39.3
Udana to Kl Rahul, no run, short of length and cramping the batsman for space, Rahul arches back and directs it to backward point
39.2
Udana to Virat Kohli, 1 run, slanted across the right hander and Kohli uses that to steer a single to third man
39.1
Udana to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, slower delivery angled outside off, Kohli punches it wide of mid-off where a half-stop allows the duo to come back for the second
38.6
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller and outside off, Rahul eases the push-drive straight to cover-point
38.5
Malinga to Virat Kohli, 1 run, slanting into the pads, Kohli clips it away to deep square leg
38.4
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, full and attacking the stumps, Rahul's straight-batted on-drive goes to long-on
38.3
Malinga to Virat Kohli, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Kohli squeezes it out to long-on
38.2
Malinga to Virat Kohli, FOUR, looks like Kohli was waiting for Rahul to reach his landmark. He straightaway takes on the full delivery and dispatches it with utter disdain straight back, just a small followthrough on the bat swing but the ball raced away to long-on
38.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, hundred for Rahul. "It is something I have to figure out (how to convert a fifty into a ton) in the middle and I am sure it will come to me," Rahul had said after his previous innings. And boy hasn't he figured it out. He did struggle midway through the innings but he battled past it to reach the three-figure mark. First in World Cups and he's got it just before the semifinal. The biggest positive for India going into the final phase. Celebrates with the raise of the bat and Kohli embraces him in a hug. The helmet comes off now and he kiss the tricolor on that. The whole team are up applauding. Coming to the ball - short of length outside off, Rahul rides the bounce and steers it to third man
37.6
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, advances down the wicket and converts it into a full delivery, drives it crisply but straight to cover
37.5
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, fullish and outside off, Kohli plays an extended forward block and finds cover
37.4
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, change of pace and a tad short, Kohli can't get the timing right on the punch and hits it straight to cover
37.3
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, rides the bounce on the short of length delivery and pats it in front of backward point, Kohli is off in flash and makes it look ridiculously easy. Appreciated by Rahul as well
37.2
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, shortens the length outside off, Rahul is back and across to punch it down the wicket
37.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller and outside off, Rahul moves forward and pushes it firmly to cover
36.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 1 run, fraction short and once more Rahul adjusts to the pace of the surface before pulling it to deep square leg
36.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, the line from de Silva is predictable and hence Rahul is able to line up for the paddle, he rolls his wrists and plays it along the ground to fine leg, for a brace
36.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter and shorter, whipped away to deep mid-wicket
36.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 1 run, half tracker but Rahul was a bit early in his pull shot, he adjusts and plays it along the ground to long leg
36.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Virat Kohli, 1 run, tossed up around leg, Kohli chips the drive down to long-on
36.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 1 run, continues from round the wicket, Rahul whips it from middle-stump to deep mid-wicket
35.6
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, off-pace delivery outside off, Rahul stands tall and eases it square on the off-side
35.5
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller and outside off, Rahul strides forward and closes the bat face on the drive, mistimed to cover
35.4
Perera to Virat Kohli, 1 run, too straight - on off and middle, Kohli flicks it away to deep mid-wicket
35.3
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, on a length and not much pace on the ball, Kohli prods forward and defends into the off-side
35.2
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short of length around off, Rahul moves across and plays close to his body, runs it down in front of third man
35.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length outside off, Rahul shuffles and knocks it to cover
34.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Virat Kohli, no run, a bit of air on this ball and Kohli bends forward before pushing it towards backward point
34.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Virat Kohli, no run, Kohli moves back and across to drive this flat ball back to Dhananjayade Silva
34.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Virat Kohli, no run, short of length, punched back to the bowler
34.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, bottom-handed whip to the right of long-on for a couple
34.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short of length, Rahul moves towards off to play a fine-sweep, doesn't middle and hence the ball was in the air for a while. Fortunately, the ball goes through vacant short fine leg region
34.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Virat Kohli, 1 run, off-break from round the wicket on a short of length, Kohli jumps back and whips it to deep mid-wicket
33.6
Perera to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 123kph, full and outside off, Kohli walks forward and across before leaning and slapping it to deep extra cover
33.5
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, 126kph, good length delivery, back-footed punch to mid-off follows
33.4
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 125kph, short of length delivery, comes in off the deck, Rahul stays in his crease and forces it to sweeper cover. Moves to 90
33.3
Perera to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 117kph, shortish ball, Kohli moves off-side and turns it to the right of mid-wicket for a single
33.2
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, 125kph, short of length delivery, Kohli skips down the track and punches it to short cover
33.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length delivery on middle and leg, Rahul jumps and closes his bat-face to work it into the mid-wicket pocket
32.6
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, off-cutter around off, Rahul opens his bat-face at the last moment and guides it towards short third man for a single
32.5
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, FOUR, superb control! It was banged in short by Rajitha, not the quickest ball, but Rahul got into a great position. Swivelled across, rolled his wrists on it and pulled it behind square on the on-side. No chance for long leg to stop that
32.4
Rajitha to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 129kph, in-slanter around off, Kohli dabs it to the left of the keeper
32.3
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, width dished outside off and Rahul square-cuts it to deep point
32.2
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, 126kph, full ball on off and middle, flicked straight to the man at short mid-wicket
32.1
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, slow and full outside off, Rahul toe-ends the drive to short cover
31.6
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, 121kph, Kohli allows this length ball to come to him and drops it into the off-side with soft hands to try and scamper across for a quick single. But the backward point fielder is swift to get to the ball
31.5
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, 124kph, fuller than a good length ball, Kohli drives it neatly to mid-off and hence can't nab the single
31.4
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 120kph, shortened length, Rahul rises on his toes and tucks it to mid-wicket
31.3
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, 127kph, fuller than a good length ball, Rahul finds the man at short extra cover with his mistimed drive
31.2
Perera to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fuller ball, Kohli pushes it to the left of mid-off and hares to the other end
31.1
Perera to Virat Kohli, no run, 119kph, fullish outside off, Kohli wanted to push-drive through extra cover, ended up miscuing it towards mid-off
30.6
Rajitha to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 129kph, now Rajitha over-corrects and darts this short of length ball on the ribs, tucked around the corner and the skipper will keep the strike
30.5
Rajitha to Virat Kohli, FOUR, Kohli gets off the mark with a boundary! A pitched up delivery at 123kph with loads of width on offer. Kohli reaches out with a big stride forward to play a cover-drive. Perfect placement
30.4
Rajitha to Virat Kohli, no run, 124kph, fuller than a good length ball, Kohli defends it into off
30.3
Rajitha to Virat Kohli, no run, 126kph, on a length and around off, turned to mid-wicket
30.2
Rajitha to Virat Kohli, no run, 127kph, on a good length and attacking the sticks, Kohli closes his bat-face and finds the man at mid-wicket with his tuck
30.1
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, out Caught by Mathews!! Sri Lanka manage to take a wicket. He is still unhappy. A pitched up delivery at 132kph, shaped away a touch and Rohit ended up chipping it straight to mid-off. He was probably a bit early into his drive. A soft dismissal, in the end. He walks off to a standing ovation and in comes Virat Kohli who congratulates India's vice-captain wkt (1-189) min (133m). Rohit c Mathews b Rajitha 103(94) [4s-14 6s-2]
29.6
Udana to Kl Rahul, no run, a high full toss, Rahul is taken aback but brings his bat down on time to block it out
29.5
Udana to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, 124kph, too straight, on the hips and that's been tickled to long leg
29.4
Udana to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, 131kph, fullish ball, Rahul walks across and whips it through mid-wicket
29.3
Udana to Kl Rahul, no run, cutter marginally outside off, poked out into the off-side
29.2
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, low full toss, Rohit pushes it towards mid-off for a quick single
29.1
Udana to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the ribs, tucked away to mid-wicket
28.6
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, shortish ball, pulled away in front of square on the leg-side and there it is. Magnificent. There's the record fifth century in this World Cup for the Hitman. Take a bow, Rohit Sharma! Headingley is on its feet. A rousing reception from the crowd and his team-mates. Rohit removes his helmet and has his arms aloft. A big smile on Kohli's face and the centurion gets a big hug from his opening partner
28.5
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower ball - 109kph - outside off, Rohit scythes it to backward point
28.4
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, 128kph, back of a length delivery, not much room on offer and Rohit cuts it to point
28.3
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, 131kph, short of a good length ball around the fourth-fifth stump channel, Rohit hops and taps it into the off-side with an opened bat-face
28.2
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 123kph, back of a length delivery, punched to sweeper cover off the back foot
28.1
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 106kph, dipping full toss on the pads, Rohit is happy to wrist it to backward square leg. 98
27.6
Udana to Kl Rahul, no run, slower ball - 117kph - from a shortened length, Rahul walks down the pitch and spots the change of pace late. In the end, nudges it into the leg-side
27.5
Udana to Kl Rahul, no run, 130kph, Udana slips in the yorker, Rahul brings his bat down and jams it out into the off-side. Has a look at the toe end of his bat does Rahul
27.4
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 120kph, full and marginally outside off, driven neatly to sweeper cover. 97
27.3
Udana to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 121kph, loopy and fuller, pushed towards mid-off for a quick single
27.2
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 127kph, away-angler, steered down to third man. 96!
27.1
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, taps a back of a length delivery to the left of backward point, can't steal a run
26.6
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on the pads and he just flicks it to deep mid-wicket, retains the strike
26.5
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, everything looks so easy when this man is batting! Malinga dishes out a full-toss, it was wide of off too. Rohit doesn't look to hit it hard and just times the drive wide of cover for a boundary. What timing! What placement! Whatta player!
26.4
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, fuller and down the leg-side, Rahul clips it to fine leg
26.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, FOUR, slower and fuller, he doesn't know where to bowl now. Rahul clears his leg, keeps his shape and lofts it over mid-on for a boundary
26.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, wide, another short of length delivery. He is certainly overdoing it. It was too short and umpire calls it wide. His third wide of this spell!
26.2
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, backs away, Malinga delivers it wide of off and he mistimes the cut shot wide of backward point
26.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, for some reason Malinga keeps banging it short, Rahul gets on top of it and pulls it to deep square leg
26.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, wide, short again and down the leg-side again. Poor from Malinga! Wide called!
25.6
Udana to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, when things are going for you, they just go for you! He throws his bat at this wide delivery and gets an outside edge for a change. It flew wide of the keeper for another four! Moves to 89!
25.5
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, on the stumps and Rohit defends it to the on-side
25.4
Udana to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, how can you stop Rohit! He is in the form of his life! Not a lot wrong with the delivery, just an inch of width provided and he climbs onto it and cuts it wide of backward point. End result: boundary!
25.3
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower one on the stumps, Rohit waited for this one and defended it to the off-side. He brought his bat down just at the last moment
25.2
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, on the stumps and Rohit flicks it straight to short mid-wicket
25.1
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower delivery on a fuller length, Rohit nudges it to mid-wicket
24.6
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, slow yorker on the stumps, Rahul waits for it to arrive and nudges it straight to mid-wicket
24.5
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, too full and wide of off, Rohit reaches for it and drives it wide of third man for a single
24.4
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, short again from Malinga and pulled again from Rahul. Wide of fine leg and he will collect a brace
24.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, low full-toss down the leg-side, Rahul clips it to deep mid-wicket
24.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, wide, attempts a yorker, idea was right but not the execution. It ends up down the leg-side and umpire calls it wide
24.2
Malinga to Kl Rahul, FOUR, banged in short again, gets his line horribly wrong. It was down the leg-side and Rahul pulled it wide of fine leg for a boundary. Rahul has surely changed gears now!
24.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, Rahul walks down the track, Malinga bangs it short and he pulls it wide of deep square leg for a brace
23.6
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, stays put on that back of a length delivery and pushes it to mid-off
23.5
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower one on the stumps, Rohit delays his bat swing and mistimes the punch to cover
23.4
Udana to Kl Rahul, 1 run, it was on the stumps, Rahul still manages to create room and steers it wide of backward point
23.3
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on the stumps and Rohit tucks it wide of square leg and collects a single
23.2
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, wheels are coming off for Sri Lankans. It was on the pads and Rohit nudges it to short fine where Malinga fumbles and allows Rohit to take a brace
23.1
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower delivery on a short of length, Rohit punches it to backward point
22.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, FOUR, this is the Rahul we know! He dashes down again, comes close to the ball and lofts it over the in-field on the off-side. Connection was not great this time but it is good enough to clear the in-field
22.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, no run, defends it to the on-side
22.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, SIX, now, celebrates his fifty with a six. Dances down, reaches the pitch of it and smokes it over long-off for a maximum. Clean connection!
22.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, FOUR, third fifty for Rahul in this World Cup. His second in a row. He is getting in form in the business end of this WC. It was short and wide, Rahul went back and punched it wide of mid-off for a boundary
22.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on the pads and Rohit tucks it to the on-side for a single
22.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, wide, gets his line wrong. It was down the leg-side and Rohit leaves it alone. Wide called!
22.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 1 run, fuller and wider, Rahul drives it wide of cover for a single
21.6
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this was fuller and Rahul drives it wide of cover where fielder got a finger to it. Rahul will take a single and retain the strike
21.5
Perera to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, another cut shot, wide of backward point and he will come back for a double
21.4
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, this one comes back into Kl Rahul, he was cramped for room and he steers it straight to backward point
21.3
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, stays put and pushes it to sweeper cover for a single
21.2
Perera to Rohit Sharma, no run, he took it too casually this time. Wanted to steer it down to third man, ends up playing inside the line of the ball and it went past the outside edge
21.1
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, shorter and wider, Rohit cuts it wide of third man and comes back for a double
20.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, no run, defends it back to Dhananjayade Silva
20.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, nudges it wide of short fine leg for a single
20.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Dhananjayade Silva drags this one short, probably the aftermath of the last delivery when Rohit came charging down. Rohit rocks back and powers it over mid-wicket for a boundary
20.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit advances down the track, he was deceived in the flight by Dhananjayade Silva. He adjusted well and defends it back
20.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted on off, pushed back at the bowler
20.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, no run, lovely, the slider from DDS, pitched around off and kept going with the arm, Rohit was playing for the turn, played inside the line and is beaten
19.6
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Rohit runs it down towards third man for a single
19.5
Perera to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length and well wide of off, dabbed straight to the fielder at backward point
19.4
Perera to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, lovely, not all that short but Rohit is in such form that he dismisses this one from his presence - becomes the highest scorer of #CWC2019, fraction too short from Thisara, Rohit is quick to rock back and clubs it over mid-wicket for a boundary
19.3
Perera to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and just outside off, defended back at the bowler
19.2
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, Rahul rides the bounce and cuts it in front of square on the off-side for a single
19.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, short of a length and in that channel outside off, too close to play the cut, Rahul went hard on the shot and missed
18.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, no run, very full and on Rohit's pads, flicked straight to the fielder at square leg
18.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted delivery on off, Rohit leans well forward and blocks
18.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tossed up on middle, worked away stylishly towards long-on for a single
18.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, DDS drops one short and wide of off, Rahul makes room and cuts it in front of square on the off-side, comes back for the second run
18.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, no run, a ripping off-break from DDS, spun and bounced at Rahul, he makes room and plays with soft hands
18.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 100 run stand between these two - 3rd of the tournament, flighted delivery on Rohit's pads, nudged wide of mid-wicket for a single
17.6
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, fraction fuller and just outside off, Rahul plays with a straight bat and drives it back at the bowler
17.5
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Rahul presses across and tucks it towards mid-wicket
17.4
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, slapped away behind square on the off-side for a single
17.3
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short of a length and on Rahul's pads, tucked in front of square on the on-side for a single
17.2
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, swing and a miss from KL, not needed at this hour - perhaps getting carried away by his partner's scoring, takes a step down the track, makes room and was looking to go inside out over cover - beaten all ends up
17.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, on a good length and angling into the right-hander, Rahul prods across and defends it to the on-side
16.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, 1 run, pushed through by DDS - Rahul goes right back and tucks it wide of mid-wicket for a single, 14 from the over
16.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Kl Rahul, no run, Rahul shimmies down the track to a well flighted delivery and clips it straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
16.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tossed up outside leg, Rohit was down on his knees as he swept - went a bit too early and toe-ended it past mid-wicket for a single
16.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, SIX, massive, Rohit doesn't want DDS to settle - comes down the track, gets close to the ball and swings it high and over long-on, went a long way over the ropes
16.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed up on off, Rohit leans across and turns it to the on-side
16.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Rohit Sharma, SIX, fifty for Rohit, mid-off was inside the ring and he didn't need a second invitation - gets a good stride forward to a well flighted delivery and lifts it through the line - hit the advertisement board on the full
15.6
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, Thisara shortens his length outside off, Rahul plays close to his body and finds backward point
15.5
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Rahul shuffles across and pushes it back at the bowler
15.4
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, tad fuller and wider of off, Rahul gets a good stride forward and finds cover with the drive
15.3
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, eased behind square on the off-side for a single
15.2
Perera to Rohit Sharma, no run, nice shape from Thisara, short of a length and kept going straight - Rohit was playing for the angle, ended up pushing inside the line and is beaten on the outside edge
15.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, steered behind square on the off-side for a single
14.6
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller length delivery and slanting across the right-hander, signs of the pitch slowing down with the semi old-ball, Rohit was early into the drive and finds cover-point
14.5
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length and on Rohit's pads, worked towards the on-side
14.4
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of a length and well outside off, never arrived at the batsman and Rohit badly mistimes the cut - had to reach out for the shot
14.3
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, Udana shortens his length outside off, Rohit pushes it off the inner half towards mid-off
14.2
Udana to Kl Rahul, 1 run, change of pace from Udana, slower ball at the stumps, clipped behind square on the on-side for a run
14.1
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Rohit plays with an open face and finds the gap wide of cover for a single
13.6
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, half-an-appeal for LBW, but there was an inside edge on that and a big one as well - Rahul took a step forward as he looked to drive a length ball, gets a fat inside edge onto the pads
13.5
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, Thisara shortens his length outside off, Rohit rides the bounce and runs it down towards third man for a single
13.4
Perera to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Rohit stands tall and finds backward point with the cut
13.3
Perera to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, Rohit waits on it and turns it to the on-side
13.2
Perera to Rohit Sharma, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Rohit plays close to his body and defends it to the off-side
13.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, on a good length and on Rahul's pads, worked past square leg for a single
12.6
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Rohit cuts and finds the fielder at backward point
12.5
Udana to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length and angling across the right-hander, Rahul was perhaps surprised by the lack of bounce, tucked it behind square on the on-side for a single
12.4
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, slapped square on the off-side for a single
12.3
Udana to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, a one-handed chip over mid-on and it almost went all the way - don't think Rohit picked the slower ball, but the good thing was he went through with the lofted on-drive, got plenty of height and almost the distance as well
12.2
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, tad fuller and on off, Rohit leans forward and pushes it back at the bowler
12.1
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rohit plays close to his body and defends
11.6
Perera to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, length ball on Rahul's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side and they stroll back for the second run
11.5
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a good length and well outside off, Rohit was looking to drive and gets a thick edge down towards third man
11.4
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tad fuller and wider of off, punched in front of square on the off-side for a run
11.3
Perera to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, worked wide of square leg for a single
11.2
Perera to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Rahul rides the bounce and pushes it past cover for a single
11.1
Perera to Kl Rahul, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Rahul plays close to his body and pushes it to the off-side
10.6
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, Rohit prods across and defends it back at the bowler
10.5
Udana to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, beautifully played, tad overpitched and wide of off, Rohit leans into the drive, head on top of the ball and then finds the gap wide of cov er with a gorgeous cover drive
10.4
Udana to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, Rohit dabs it late, but can't get it past backward point
10.3
Udana to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short and wide of off, Rahul stands tall on the cut, straight to the fielder at backward point who can't stop it cleanly
10.2
Udana to Kl Rahul, no run, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, Rahul took a step down the track on the clip, gets an inside edge onto the pads
10.1
Udana to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short and wide of off, Rohit slaps it square on the off-side. The fielder in the deep slipped as he stopped the ball, but he was well in control
9.6
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, FOUR, what.a.shot! Gets down low, waits for the ball and steers it over the keeper for a four. Very well done. Risky but came off
9.5
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, length ball and has been punched back to the bowler
9.4
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shortish delivery and Rohit transfers his weight quickly on to the back foot to get it past mid-wicket for a single
9.3
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, shortish delivery and has been cut away to the man at point
9.2
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short ball, Rahul mistimes the pull away to deep fine leg for a single. Was a little late on it
9.1
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads and has been clipped past short mid for a single
8.6
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, good over! Has gazed the pace of the track and bowled another slower delivery. Rahul just timed the ball on the up to find mid-off. Maiden over. The last three overs have gone for only four runs
8.5
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, and lets the ball to go through to the keeper. Was short and Rahul ducked under it
8.4
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, shortish and slowish, Rahul fails to cut it away. The man at cover point picks the ball up
8.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, slower delivery on the pads and has been nudged out into the on-side
8.2
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, bangs the ball short and Rahul is happy to duck under it and let it go
8.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, slower delivery outside off and has been stabbed out into the off-side
7.6
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, and that almost puts Rohit into jeopardy! Slower length ball and Rohit was early into the shot. A clip. The ball stopped on him and balloons up to land well short of the man at short mid
7.5
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, and he spoils it a bit by straying on to the pads. Tucked away into the on-side for a single
7.4
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, that could have been a wide! But the batter clips that slower delivery out to mid-wicket. Good over so far from Rajitha
7.3
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, hits the deck hard and gets the ball to curve in a bit. Rahul steps back and pushes the ball out into the off-side
7.2
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, quicker length delivery and has been patted back to the bowler. That decked in late but Rahul accounted for the movement
7.1
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, slower delivery outside off and has been stabbed out with soft hands
6.6
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, that dipping full toss and Rahul picks it late but in time to knock it around the corner on the on-side for a single
6.5
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, stands up tall and dabs the ball down to third man for a single. Was outside off and Rohit just opened the face of the bat by using the pace on the ball
6.4
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, no run, more of a push to mid-on as that was another slower delivery
6.3
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length delivery and has been knocked out into the on-side
6.2
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slower on the pads and has been clipped away to deep square leg for a single
6.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, slower delivery and has been knocked out into the on-side
5.6
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, boy o boy! That was classy as well. On the pads. How can you do that to Hitman? He just stroked the clip shot and got it through mid-wicket for a four. Has raced to 28 in no time. India have raced to almost fifty
5.5
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower delivery pitched up and has been driven down to mid-off. Was timed well again. Can't seem to mistime it
5.4
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, the delivery decks in and Rohit misses the tuck. Hit him high as well
5.3
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, man at cover point was positioned after the last ball and it goes straight to him. Just on the bounce. Shortish delivery and Rohit laced the slower ball to find the fielder
5.2
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, this man is only getting better! Length outside off and Rohit opened the bat face on impact to thread it between point and cover for a four. Rohit has started his tutorial for the day! Don't miss this
5.1
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, looks to drive a length ball and inside edges it out into the on-side for a single
4.6
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower delivery outside off and has been defended into the off-side with soft hands
4.5
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, on the pads! Rohit is taming his MI bowler. That was a poor ball on the pads. Buffet ball and Rohit gobbles the that ball by clipping it through mid-wicket for a four
4.4
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, full toss? yes, it was. Gift given. Gift accepted. That was a full toss outside off and Rohit just opened the face of the bat to time it past the man at point for a four
4.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, length delivery outside off and has been stabbed out to third man for a single
4.2
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, slower delivery down on to the pads. Rohit waits on that slower ball and just taps it out into the on-side for a single
4.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, was late on the pull and more of a sliced hit to deep fine leg for a single. Was uppish but away from the fielders
3.6
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, and the ball moved away a little for the batter to be squared up. The outer half of the bat takes it to cover
3.5
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, length delivery outside off, trifle amount of swing and Rohit mistimes the drive into the off-side. The bat face turned on impact
3.4
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, stabs the ball down into the off-side and Rohit denies him the single as Rahul was trying to go through for one
3.3
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, walks into the clip and the ball goes off the outer half of the bat for a single. Had he timed it better, things could have been worse for the bowler
3.2
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, and may be checked his shot at the last moment trying to on-drive that. The bowler bent down but the ball was away from him. The man at mid-on picks the ball up
3.1
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, no run, length delivery on the pads and Rahul clips it uppishly. Wasn't in control and the ball lands short of the man at mid-wicket
2.6
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, imperious! Touch of genius. That was full and on the pads, Rohit just clipped it. Hardly a touch and the ball raced away between mid-on and mid-wicket across the green pastures for a four
2.5
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, and again Rohit was caught unaware. That was tucked off the pads and Rahul went off. Rohit was late to respond and had to hurry to make it. He was in this time. A direct hit wouldn't have bothered him
2.4
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, quicker delivery closer to the sticks and Rahul just stabs the ball out into the off-side
2.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, FOUR, slower delivery outside off, Rahul gets the room and just opens the face of the blade. Third man was in and the ball sped away between short third and point. Rahul is up and running
2.2
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, length delivery bowled a little slower and has been pushed out into the off-side
2.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, FOUR, walks into the drive and gets it through the covers for a four. Positive front foot play and that helped. Hits it on top of the bounce and more importantly got into the gap. India would do well to get off to a solid start here
1.6
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, 1 run, what happened there? Rohit would have been a goner I think. That was patted out awkwardly into the point region. The fielder had a shy and missed the sticks at the batter's end. Rohit was late to respond and might have been struggling had there been a direct hit
1.5
Rajitha to Kl Rahul, FOUR, back of a length delivery and punched off the back foot. Lovely timing. Goes into the covers and then into the fence. Stood up tall and stroked it
1.4
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, leg byes, 1 run, down on to the hips, Rohit fails to wood or did he? In fact he did miss it. Single down to fine leg
1.3
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, bad ball! Put away! Short, too wide and Rohit reaches out for it to cut it past point for a four
1.2
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been defended into the off-side
1.1
Rajitha to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, punched on the up! Jumped up and timed it by hitting the ball on top of the bounce. The man at mid-off dives and makes a half stop
0.6
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, did it swing a bit? That was on the pads to start off but then tailed a bit towards the sticks. Stabbed out into the deck
0.5
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, slingy length delivery outside off and Rahul sees it till the end and lets it go to the keeper
0.4
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, on a length around off and has been patted out into the off-side
0.3
Malinga to Kl Rahul, no run, slants the ball away outside off and Rahul lets it go. Was fuller in length that one
0.2
Malinga to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, middle and leg line and has been tucked behind square for a single. Might have been a touch slower off the surface
0.1
Malinga to Kl Rahul, 1 run, length delivery on the pads and has been tucked away behind square for a single
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Malinga,Mathews,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Dhananjaya de Silva,Karunaratne,Perera,Kusal Mendis,Kasun Rajitha,Avishka Fernando
