46.6
Pradeep to Mark Wood, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! Mark Wood has nicked it. He has nicked it. It was a feather, and he immediately looked back at the keeper as an expression of guilt. Heartbreak for Stokes and England. It was a length ball in the channel, Wood prodded forward in defence but was unable to survive the one ball that Stokes had left for him in the over. Sri Lanka pull off a thriller at Headingley wkt (10-212) min (19m). Mark Wood c Kusal Perera b Pradeep 0(4)
46.5
Pradeep to Stokes, 1 run, flicked away to deep midwicket, leaves Wood with one ball to face
46.4
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, low full toss outside off, slices this through extra cover but quickly realises that two isn't on. So he stops Wood in his stride
46.3
Pradeep to Stokes, FOUR, this is special batting. Walks across the stumps, bends on one knee and swipes this length ball past short fine leg. Ben Stokes charging towards the victory flag with England in tow
46.2
Pradeep to Stokes, FOUR, goes deep in the crease, receives a low full toss and although the timing isn't great, it's good enough to beat a rusty Thisara to his left at long-on
46.1
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, overpitched around off, Stokes can't get underneath the length and jams it to long-on
45.6
Udana to Mark Wood, no run, length ball on off stump, Wood defends to huge cheers at Headingley. Great scenes
45.5
Udana to Stokes, 1 run, yorker length delivery outside off, squeezed through the covers
45.4
Udana to Stokes, 2 runs, nudges this softly into the midwicket region and hustles. The throw is at the non-striker's end, and it's at least 10 feet above the stumps. Pressure all around. Stokes making Sri Lanka feel the heat now
45.3
Udana to Stokes, no run, back of a length, slower ball, Stokes punches it past Udana. No single
45.2
Udana to Stokes, SIX, sensational shot, goes like a missile into the crowd. What a finish we've got lined up! "Stokes vs Sri Lanka," Nasser Hussain screams on air. Charges at Udana here and smokes this length ball over long-off
45.1
Udana to Stokes, SIX, this is mighty from Ben Stokes! Right in the slot for him and he unleashes all the pent-up frustration with a monstrous hit over long-on
44.6
Malinga to Stokes, 1 run, clips it behind square for a single
44.5
Malinga to Stokes, no run, almost carries through to Mendis.. or did that carry? Malinga on his knees. The spectators off their seats. Great stuff. Pitched up on leg stump, Stokes whips uppishly in front of deep midwicket where Mendis stoops forward and it probably bounces just underneath his fingers. Had he moved forward a few yards, could've been a chance
44.4
Malinga to Stokes, no run, just shy of a yorker outside off, Stokes belts it with a lot of bottom hand, only as far as long-on. No single still
44.3
Malinga to Stokes, no run, length ball outside off, an off-cutter, Stokes slaps it through to sweeper cover but doesn't want to expose Wood to Malinga
44.3
Malinga to Stokes, wide, huge cheers by the crowd as Malinga's slower ball cuts away well wide outside off. Vital release of breath which they've held all through this stunning collapse
44.2
Malinga to Stokes, no run, hits that yorker length again, the line's wide outside off and Stokes lets it go
44.1
Malinga to Stokes, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, jammed back by Stokes
43.6
Udana to Mark Wood, no run, length ball wide of off, left alone by Wood
43.5
Udana to Mark Wood, no run, pitched up outside off, squeezed past cover. No single taken. Curious they didn't cross during Archer's wicket
43.4
Udana to Jofra Archer, out Caught by Perera!! An absolute stinker from Archer. For some reason, he takes it upon himself to go for the big shot. But all he does is put this slower ball straight down long-on's throat, with Ben Stokes watching in wonder. Fist-pumps, double fist-pumps! Sri Lanka on the brink wkt (9-186) min (18m). Jofra Archer c Perera b Udana 3(11)
43.3
Udana to Jofra Archer, no run, length ball outside off, driven to cover
43.2
Udana to Stokes, 1 run, pitched up on off stump, punched heavily to long-on. Tense faces in the England dressing room. World Cup drama at the fore
43.1
Udana to Stokes, no run, there are boos ringing around, but umpire Erasmus has got this spot on. Slower leg-cutter wide of off, Stokes left it alone probably expecting a wide but it was comfortably inside the guidelines
42.6
Malinga to Jofra Archer, no run, short of length at the waist, clipped down to backward square leg. Stokes refuses the single. Credit to Archer here. Was on his toes against the yorker, which forced Malinga to pull his length back and look for something else
42.5
Malinga to Jofra Archer, no run, slower short ball that deceives Archer. He's through with the pull early, eventually wearing it on the gloves. No damage though. England counting the balls down of Malinga
42.4
Malinga to Stokes, 1 run, just short of the yorker length, or maybe it's made to be that way by Stokes who goes deep in his crease and works it down to long-on
42.3
Malinga to Jofra Archer, 1 run, another yorker from Malinga, tailing in on middle and leg, Archer does one better this time as he flicks it through midwicket
42.2
Malinga to Jofra Archer, no run, that's the ball Archer's watching out for. A yorker tailing in for his toes on middle. Digs it out nicely
42.1
Malinga to Jofra Archer, no run, skids through from back of a length, homing in on middle. Archer, trapped in the crease, nervously bunts it in the air. He's played with soft enough hands for the ball to not carry all the way to midwicket
41.6
Udana to Jofra Archer, 1 run, low full toss outside off, squeezed past cover. Archer will keep strike
41.5
Udana to Jofra Archer, no run, full toss around off, pushed to cover
41.4
Udana to Stokes, 1 run, short of length outside off, slower one with Udana cutting across the side of the ball, Stokes waits on it and punches to sweeper cover
41.3
Udana to Stokes, no run, full and wide, Stokes flashes recklessly and is beaten on the edge
41.2
Udana to Jofra Archer, 1 run, gosh, this is edge-of-your-seat stuff. Archer wafts at one outside off and the edge flies well past the slip fielder which was brought in. Single to third man
41.1
Udana to Stokes, 1 run, yorker length delivery outside off, really good ball, Stokes jams it to deep point and takes the single. Would there be a thought to farm the strike? Maybe too early. And Archer's too good for that
41.1
Udana to Stokes, wide, length delivery wide of off, wanting to keep it away from Stokes. Won't be able to do it this way. Called a wide
40.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Jofra Archer, no run, ooh, this could've popped up anywhere. Floaty length ball on middle, Archer turns the bat-face too quickly and it spoons up off his leading edge. Well short of cover
40.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Adil Rashid, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! Another edge, and another lovely catch from Perera. Oh Sri Lanka. They're jumping with joy at Headingley as Dhananjaya snaps up another one with a ball that slides on and deceives the batsman with its lack of turn. Rashid wanted to punch through the covers, only to feed an edge to Perera who hangs on. Sri Lanka hanging on to their hopes wkt (8-178) min (3m). Adil Rashid c Kusal Perera b Dhananjayade Silva 1(2)
40.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, 1 run, pushed through flat on off, Stokes makes room and punches this through extra cover
40.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, no run, length ball sliding in on middle, turned into the on-side in defence
40.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Adil Rashid, 1 run, flighted up just outside off, Rashid whips it down to long-on
40.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Woakes, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! Dhananjaya's got another one. And he has Kusal Perera to thank for it. This is a really good catch, considering how big the deflection was. Flat length ball outside off, Woakes hops back to cut and gets a healthy outside edge. Perera does ever so well to hang onto it. This is getting really tasty now wkt (7-176) min (8m). Woakes c Kusal Perera b Dhananjayade Silva 2(4)
39.6
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, wouldn't be thrilled at having flicked this full toss straight to midwicket
39.5
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, back of a length delivery on leg, tucks it to midwicket
39.4
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, nails the yorker on off stump, Stokes had to rush his bat down to survive there
39.3
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, full at the stumps, Stokes defends on the move down the pitch
39.2
Pradeep to Stokes, FOUR, cracking ball from Pradeep, but he has to watch in agony as Stokes's outside edge runs away to the third man boundary. Back of a length, left him sharply from middle and off to square him up in defence. Nevertheless, it's a lovely fifty from the England all-rounder
39.1
Pradeep to Woakes, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, Woakes punches off the back foot through cover
38.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, no run, punches this back to Dhananjaya
38.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Woakes, 1 run, eases this down to long-on
38.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Woakes, no run, length ball outside off, defended to cover
38.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Moeen Ali, out Caught by Udana!! The timing isn't there this time, he's got this more towards the bottom half and Udana gets around at long-off for a really calm catch at the boundary. Showed great composure. Nicely flighted ball outside off, Ali stepped out but couldn't get hold of the lofted shot. The line, which was pretty wide outside off, worked against him. Not that it was a shot that was needed at this juncture wkt (6-170) min (25m). Moeen Ali c Udana b Dhananjayade Silva 16(20) [6s-1]
38.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Moeen Ali, SIX, the gift of timing that Ali possesses in full view. Brilliant sweep shot off a ball that was quite full to be dealt with such disdain. Hits the cushions flush at deep midwicket
38.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Moeen Ali, no run, back of a length delivery on off, sliding through from Dhananjaya, Ali punches to point
37.6
Perera to Moeen Ali, 1 run, no real footwork from Ali, all hands on this drive to sweeper cover
37.5
Perera to Moeen Ali, no run, length ball outside off, driven languidly to extra cover
37.4
Perera to Moeen Ali, no run, length ball on off, defended into the off-side
37.3
Perera to Moeen Ali, 2 runs, slightly fuller than a good length, inviting enough for Ali to go inside-out for a lofted drive. It's a miscue, this. He has sliced it up off the outside half, but it falls wide of third man
37.2
Perera to Stokes, 1 run, advances down and punches it through to sweeper cover
37.1
Perera to Moeen Ali, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, held up on Ali and he dragged his cross-batted flap off the inside half wide of mid-on
36.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Moeen Ali, 1 run, too full outside off, Ali pushes to sweeper cover
36.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, 1 run, reaches out to take it on the full and pushes wide of short cover. Desperate dive by the fielder to cut off the single but he can't stop it cleanly
36.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, no run, works this off the back foot to midwicket
36.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, no run, length ball sliding in on middle, tricky for the batsmen. One turning, the other going on straight. Stokes defends forward
36.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, 2 runs, an absolute ripper from Dhananjaya. Sharp turn off a good length on middle. Stokes was opened up on the front foot, only to be saved by an outside edge
36.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Moeen Ali, 1 run, sliding in on leg, takes a thick inside edge through square leg
35.6
Perera to Moeen Ali, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched nicely from Ali through to sweeper cover
35.5
Perera to Moeen Ali, no run, length ball on middle, Ali pushes it to cover
35.4
Perera to Stokes, 1 run, full and straight, punched firmly to long-on
35.3
Perera to Stokes, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, Stokes blocks to cover
35.2
Perera to Moeen Ali, 1 run, length ball just outside off, pushed through the covers
35.1
Perera to Moeen Ali, no run, length ball cutting across off stump, beats Ali on his tentative prod
34.6
Malinga to Moeen Ali, 1 run, switches to round the wicket and hurls a full toss on off stump, Ali eases it through the covers
34.5
Malinga to Moeen Ali, no run, slower length ball on off, defended to short cover
34.4
Malinga to Stokes, 1 run, Malinga looks to shake things up. He's hunting wickets. Bangs it in short, gets it up to shoulder height, but doesn't have enough pace that would make the pull shot a difficult proposition. Stokes is well in control of it, single to deep square
34.3
Malinga to Stokes, no run, slower dipping full ball at the stumps, kept out by Stokes who's happy to just play Malinga off by the looks of it
34.2
Malinga to Stokes, no run, aiming for the yorker on off, Stokes is aware of what's coming. His back-lift is lower than usual, helping him dig it out with ease
34.1
Malinga to Moeen Ali, 1 run, short ball outside off, Ali fancies an upper-cut but he plays over the ball, chops it off a thick under-edge to third man
33.6
Perera to Stokes, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, an off-cutter, punched to cover
33.5
Perera to Stokes, no run, short of length on off, drops it down at his feet softly
33.4
Perera to Stokes, no run, back of a length delivery on leg, turned to mid-on
33.3
Perera to Stokes, no run, length ball on off stump, solid forward defence down the pitch
33.2
Perera to Stokes, FOUR, how about that for timing! It's an innocuous clip off the hip from Stokes but the ball has absolutely purred off this outfield, beating deep midwicket's valiant dive
33.1
Perera to Stokes, no run, short of length on off, blocked to silly mid-off
32.6
Malinga to Moeen Ali, no run, slower ball that dips on off, Ali defends securely
32.5
Malinga to Moeen Ali, no run, rides the bounce of this short ball and fends it back
32.4
Malinga to Moeen Ali, no run, yorker length delivery slung away outside off, jammed to point
32.3
Malinga to Buttler, out Lbw!! Buttler given out leg-before. He's been pinned on the boot by a Malinga special - the yorker, and looks dead in front. Ball-tracking will confirm that. England lose the review, but more importantly, they lose Buttler. Malinga turning back the clock. This match isn't over yet wkt (5-144) min (16m). Buttler lbw b Malinga 10(9) [4s-1]
32.2
Malinga to Buttler, FOUR, nicely helps the pull behind square. Malinga's short ball was lacking menace, allowing Buttler to play with control - even off the front foot
32.1
Malinga to Buttler, no run, almost.. almost had him! Slower and fuller at the stumps, there's a silly mid-on in place and Buttler very nearly chipped it to him. Was just past the outstretched left hand
31.6
Perera to Stokes, FOUR, frustrating for Sri Lanka as this outside edge runs past the keeper for four. Was a gentle off-cutter which gripped enough to draw the error and then scooted off the ground
31.5
Perera to Buttler, 1 run, walks out of the crease and across off stump, forces Perera wider and punches him through the covers
31.4
Perera to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length delivery in the channel around off, Stokes dabs to third man
31.3
Perera to Buttler, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, stabbed through the covers
31.2
Perera to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched through the covers
31.1
Perera to Buttler, 1 run, length ball outside off, opens the face and runs it down to third man
30.6
Malinga to Buttler, 1 run, tap and run to mid-on. Had to be sharp with the running, which Buttler is
30.5
Malinga to Buttler, no run, a short ball outside off now, probably a slower one which made Buttler go through with his pull too early. Beaten!
30.5
Malinga to Buttler, wide, short ball down leg, Buttler doesn't manage to lay any bat with his pull
30.4
Malinga to Buttler, 2 runs, back of a length delivery on leg stump, clipped crisply to the left of fine leg. Good enough for two. Neat start from Buttler
30.3
Malinga to Root, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! Seemed like there was a sound there. Down leg from Malinga, Root chases it and probably snicks it. Nothing from the umpire though. Sri Lanka have to review it, which they do. And UltraEdge confirms there was bat involved. Many would say Root's unlucky to be dismissed in this fashion, but arguably Sri Lanka didn't look like getting him out in many other ways wkt (4-127) min (126m). Root c Kusal Perera b Malinga 57(89) [4s-3]
30.2
Malinga to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length delivery wide of off, cut away to deep point
30.1
Malinga to Stokes, no run, slower ball quite wide outside off, left alone by Stokes. Wasn't that far from a wide
29.6
J Mendis to Root, no run, length ball carrying a flat trajectory, Root goes back to it and punches to short midwicket
29.5
J Mendis to Stokes, 1 run, quite full on leg stump, Stokes clips it down to long leg
29.4
J Mendis to Stokes, no run, drifting away outside off, straightening off a length, it's been defended to point
29.3
J Mendis to Root, 1 run, tossed up outside off, eased with the turn in front of point where Pradeep fails to pick it up one handed
29.2
J Mendis to Stokes, 1 run, turning into the pads, Stokes works it round the corner
29.1
J Mendis to Root, 1 run, 78kph, floated up outside off, Root knocks it through the covers
28.6
Pradeep to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, Root guides to third man
28.5
Pradeep to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length delivery angled in on middle and off, clipped through square leg for one
28.4
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, overpitched on off, Stokes jams it to mid-off
28.3
Pradeep to Root, 1 run, short ball over the right shoulder, Root is all poise and control as he rolls his wrists on the pull to fine leg
28.2
Pradeep to Stokes, 1 run, slower short ball, probably spotted Stokes's charge and opted for the variation. Stokes settles for a bunt to mid-on
28.1
Pradeep to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man
27.6
J Mendis to Stokes, no run, leading edge from Stokes looking to work this into the on-side. Drifted away from him in the air. Went straight to ground though, rolling to cover
27.5
J Mendis to Stokes, no run, flighted up on middle, 79kph, Stokes plays it down the pitch
27.4
J Mendis to Stokes, SIX, off the back foot, down the ground, another instance of raw force. This one was a long-hop, sat up off the pitch and Stokes pummelled it over long-on
27.3
J Mendis to Root, 1 run, sliding in on leg, slightly short, works it through midwicket
27.2
J Mendis to Stokes, 1 run, flatter from Mendis immediately, Stokes clips it through midwicket
27.1
J Mendis to Stokes, SIX, that's an absolute smash down the ground from Stokes. Flat, hard, six. Used his feet superbly, and then his hands came through with destructive effect
26.6
Pradeep to Root, no run, back of a length around off, Root is right behind the line to defend it back
26.5
Pradeep to Stokes, 1 run, advances down and pushes it towards cover, sets off with that momentum and Root responds well
26.4
Pradeep to Stokes, FOUR, lovely shot! Stokes moves across his stumps and uses the round the wicket angle from Pradeep to flick it into the vast vacant spaces on the leg-side, the timing was good enough to beat the deep square leg fielder
26.4
Pradeep to Stokes, wide, bouncer that sails over a half-ducking Stokes and Pradeep is not happy with the call. But it was the right one as it was well over the head
26.3
Pradeep to Stokes, no run, charges down and is met by a shortened length, directs it with an angled bat to backward point
26.2
Pradeep to Root, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Root opens the bat face and runs it down to third man
26.1
Pradeep to Root, no run, nips back in from short of length and Root is caught on the hop, he's beaten on the inside edge and is struck just below the thigh pad. Stifled appeal for LBW but it was clearly going over
25.6
J Mendis to Root, 1 run, fifty for Root. It is just another day for England's premier batsman. His 5th 50+ score in the World Cup and he still needs to take his team over the line. Raises the bat and soaks in the applause of his home crowd. Floated up outside off, Root eases the drive to long-off
25.5
J Mendis to Stokes, 1 run, dragged down and Stokes pulls it along the ground to deep mid-wicket
25.4
J Mendis to Root, 1 run, bit wider from off-stump and Root is able to ease it down to long-off
25.3
J Mendis to Root, no run, tossed up on off, Root prods forward and blocks it back
25.2
J Mendis to Stokes, 1 run, good early call from Stokes. Pushed the flighted delivery to mid-off and set off, Thisara was caught napping
25.1
J Mendis to Root, 1 run, flatter delivery around off, Root hangs back and punches it to sweeper cover
24.6
Udana to Stokes, no run, fuller outside off, Stokes walks into a forward tap to cover and has to quickly get back
24.5
Udana to Stokes, no run, back of the hand slower ball, Stokes delays his forward block
24.4
Udana to Root, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Root steers it away to third man and Thisara does well to keep it to a single
24.3
Udana to Root, no run, low dipping full toss and Root gently turns it towards mid-wicket
24.2
Udana to Stokes, leg byes, 1 run, appeal from Udana for an LBW. Umpire Wilson is not interested. The ball seams in from a length and catches Stokes on the forward press, the ball beats the inside edge and raps him in front leg-stump. The angle was taking it down leg
24.1
Udana to Root, 1 run, on a length around off, Root allows the ball to arrive and dabs it to third man
23.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, no run, tossed up around off, Stokes presses forward and defends to cover
23.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, sharp turn from back of a length and Root's punch is not stopped by mid-wicket, who dives over the ball
23.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, 1 run, flighted outside off, Stokes eases it past the diving cover fielder
23.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, on middle and leg, nudged away through the mid-wicket pocket
23.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, no run, worked with the spin to backward square leg - straight to the fielder
23.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, no run, in the air and short of de Silva. Root goes back and across to play for the turn, there isn't any this time and the leading edge almost pops back to the bowler. England's number three goes down the surface and does some gardening
22.6
Udana to Stokes, no run, ends the over with a slower delivery outside off, Stokes ignores
22.5
Udana to Stokes, no run, back of a length on off, Stokes stands tall and knocks it to mid-wicket
22.4
Udana to Stokes, FOUR, much needed boundary for England. It also wakes the crowd from their slumber. Short and angled into the hips, Stokes swivels and pulls it backward of square leg, bisecting the two fielders in the deep to perfection
22.3
Udana to Stokes, no run, spears in the yorker at the stumps, Stokes brings his bat down in time and jams it to mid-wicket
22.2
Udana to Stokes, no run, back of a length delivery decks in, Stokes is cramped for room as he knocks it off the inside half to mid-wicket
22.1
Udana to Stokes, no run, back of the hand slower delivery outside off, Stokes shoulders arms
21.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Stokes comes forward and drives to long-off
21.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, no run, even the short delivery is gripping, Stokes does well to play it late and wrist it to mid-wicket
21.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, dragged down outside off, Root stays back and punches to sweeper cover
21.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, 1 run, off the mark, finally. Flighted outside off, Stokes drives to long-off
21.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Stokes, no run, drifting in with the angle, Stokes defends it to the left of de Silva
21.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, tossed up around off, Root drives it down to long-on
20.6
Udana to Stokes, no run, back of a length around off, Stokes does not get the punch right and mistimes it to point
20.5
Udana to Root, 1 run, another back of the hand slower one which Root manages to steer to third man
20.4
Udana to Root, no run, back of a length around off, Root is on his toes as he knocks it to mid-off
20.3
Udana to Root, no run, short of length outside off, Root rides the bounce and cuts it straight to point
20.2
Udana to Root, no run, back of the hand delivery and Root deceived by the extra bounce it generates, it beats his steer to third man and bounces away to Kusal Perera
20.1
Udana to Root, no run, on a length and outside off, Root strides forward and drives to point
19.6
Perera to Stokes, no run, another back foot punch that fetches nothing for Stokes as he picks out the cover fielder
19.5
Perera to Stokes, no run, short of length around off, Stokes rides the bounce and punches it to mid-off
19.4
Perera to Stokes, no run, walks towards the bowler to make his own pace and cuts it straight to backward point
19.3
Perera to Stokes, no run, back of a length around off, Stokes is right behind the line to defend
19.2
Perera to Root, 1 run, slower delivery around the hips, Root tickles it to the left of Kusal Perera, who makes a half stop
19.1
Perera to Root, 2 runs, good length ball on off, Root flicks it past mid-on and the duo scamper back for the second
18.6
Udana to Stokes, no run, good length ball around off, Stokes is opened up a touch as he stabs it into the off-side
18.5
Udana to Stokes, no run, fuller and outside off, Stokes lifts his bat and lets it go
18.4
Udana to Morgan, out Caught&Bowled!! Wow! Both Morgan and Udana can't believe that the catch has been taken. A much needed breakthrough for Sri Lanka. It was a friendly full toss which Morgan wanted to blast past the bowler, but the bat turns on impact and he doesn't time it as well as he would have liked, the ball still goes quickly to the right of Udana who reacts and sticks both his hands out. The ball gets stuck and he then shows it around for his team mates wkt (3-73) min (51m). Morgan c and b Udana 21(35) [4s-2]
18.3
Udana to Root, 1 run, slanted away outside off, Root steers it away to third man, for a single
18.2
Udana to Morgan, 1 run, Udana appeals for a LBW but there was a big inside edge. The back of the hand stuff, Morgan fails to read it from the hand and the edge hits the front flap before rolling away to third man
18.1
Udana to Root, 1 run, angled outside off, Root guides it with an open bat face to third man
17.6
Perera to Morgan, no run, holds up on the surface and Morgan's on the up forward push is a bit uppish, but drops well short of mid-off
17.5
Perera to Root, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Root drives it past Thisara and mid-off can't stop the single
17.4
Perera to Morgan, 1 run, on the shorter side and outside off, Morgan cracks it away square on the off-side for the sweeper to clean up
17.3
Perera to Morgan, no run, the two Pereras - Kusal and Thisara - were excited for a caught behind. But umpire Marais Erasmus just laughs it off. Good length ball angled across the left hander, Morgan drives with not much footwork and is beaten on the outside edge. UltraEdge shows a flatline as ball passes the bat
17.2
Perera to Morgan, no run, tempter from Thisara - full and outside off, Morgan resists and lets it pass
17.1
Perera to Morgan, no run, fraction short around off, chopped in front of backward point
16.6
Udana to Root, FOUR, Udana has strayed twice in the over and both times has been put away. This was not as bad as the first boundary, Root picked the full delivery from off and middle and flicked it elegantly through mid-wicket, Karunaratne gives chase from mid-on but he comes second to Root's timing
16.5
Udana to Morgan, 1 run, fullish and close to off, Morgan closes the bat face and flicks to deep mid-wicket
16.4
Udana to Morgan, no run, fuller than good length, Morgan presents a straight bat in his block
16.3
Udana to Morgan, no run, back of a length outside off, Morgan lifts his bat and lets it go
16.2
Udana to Morgan, FOUR, loses his line and pays the price. That would have been a good ball for the right hander but not to Morgan. Straying on the hips, Morgan stays inside the line and helps it along the way to the fine leg fence
16.1
Udana to Root, 1 run, uses the angle of Udana and steers the back cut down to third man
15.6
Perera to Root, 1 run, short of length around off, Root flicks it away to deep mid-wicket
15.5
Perera to Root, no run, pitched up outside off, Root leans into the drive but hits it straight to mid-off
15.4
Perera to Morgan, 1 run, back of a length and Morgan chips it to mid-wicket, where there is no one to gobble that up. It stayed up for a long time and a fielder closeby would have got there
15.3
Perera to Morgan, no run, fraction short and outside off, Morgan chops the cut to backward point
15.2
Perera to Morgan, 2 runs, charges down and looks to go big, but Thisara had robbed the pace off the ball and hence a mistime, the ball plugs in the outfield and Mathews is able to run back from mid-on to keep it to a brace
15.1
Perera to Root, 1 run, straying on the pads, clipped away through the unmanned mid-wicket pocket
14.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, no run, slower on off, Morgan's forward push is much more closer to cover this time
14.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, no run, teased up outside off, Morgan drives and is denied a single by the diving cover fielder
14.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, flatter and Root punches it to long-on as Morgan ensures de Silva doesn't get across
14.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, no run, knocked to the right of the bowler and de Silva moves across to stop
14.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, 1 run, flighted outside off, Morgan drives it away to sweeper cover
14.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, nicely tossed up, Root eases it past Morgan, single to long-on
13.6
Perera to Root, 1 run, short of length outside off, Root waits back in the crease and cuts it behind point, for a single
13.5
Perera to Morgan, 1 run, shortens the length and gives Morgan time to knock it towards point, a diving parry allows the single to be taken
13.4
Perera to Morgan, no run, full and on off-stump, Morgan is reluctant to come forward as he blocks it from the crease to cover
13.3
Perera to Morgan, no run, on a length and angled outside off, Morgan lifts his bat and lets it go
13.2
Perera to Morgan, no run, fullish and outside off, Morgan watches it closely before letting it pass
13.1
Perera to Root, 1 run, back of a length on off, Root hops to get inside the line and flicks it to deep mid-wicket
12.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, tossed up around off, Root knocks it down the ground for a single
12.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, no run, bit of extra bounce on the flatter delivery, Root tries to get on top of it but still only manages an outside edge to short third man, no single on offer
12.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, 1 run, flighted outside off, Morgan eases the drive to long-off
12.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, no run, quicker and drifting in, Morgan plays outside the line and the inside edge rolls to mid-wicket
12.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, 2 runs, the late roll of the wrists allows Morgan to nurdle the ball backward of square, he gets a couple
12.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, nudged away in front of square on the leg-side and Root wanted two, Morgan says "no" and that is the right call
11.6
Pradeep to Root, 1 run, fuller than a good length and Root drives it neatly to sweeper cover. Another excellent over from Pradeep. That might be the last we have seen of him for a while, his figures read: 6-1-12-0
11.5
Pradeep to Root, no run, keeps it outside off - just inside the tramline - Root shoulders arms
11.4
Pradeep to Root, no run, yorker length around off, Root brings his bat down and jams it back
11.3
Pradeep to Root, no run, loose shot! This was not that short to play the square cut. Root is down almost on his knee to play the shot but the ball sneaks past his under-edge, it also decked in a bit which made it all the more difficult to connect
11.2
Pradeep to Root, no run, good length ball aimed for top of off, Root moves into the forward push and hits it to mid-off
11.1
Pradeep to Root, no run, good length ball around off, Root defends with the head right on top of the ball
10.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, no run, bit more air and closer to off-stump, Morgan prods forward and blocks
10.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, no run, sliding on middle and leg, Morgan pushes it meekly to mid-on
10.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Morgan, no run, drifts in with the arm but Morgan leaves it on line - outside off
10.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 1 run, low full toss around off, Root drives it down the ground to long-on
10.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, 2 runs, drags it down and offers width, Root cue-ends the cut through backward point, easy two
10.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Root, no run, flatter and outside off, Root shuffles across to punch it back
9.6
Pradeep to Morgan, no run, slanting across the southpaw, seaming away further outside off, Morgan lifts his bat and lets it go
9.5
Pradeep to Root, 1 run, too straight - on off and middle, Root picks it away past mid-wicket, for a single
9.4
Pradeep to Root, no run, short of length outside off, Root is back and across to punch it towards backward point, de Silva flies across to his left to make the stop
9.3
Pradeep to Morgan, 1 run, did that carry? Nasser Hussain informs that the second slip had been put in there for Morgan. But it lands just in front. Fuller and angled across the left hander, Morgan pushes with hard hands and the outside edge dies in front before escaping past Mendis
9.3
Pradeep to Morgan, wide, bouncer around off, Morgan swivels and sways out of the line, but the umpires feel it is too high and call it a wide
9.2
Pradeep to Morgan, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Morgan shoulders arms
9.1
Pradeep to Morgan, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Morgan plays inside the line and gets beaten
8.6
Malinga to Root, FOUR, off-drive, the crowd goes "Roooottt." This guy is such a treat to watch when he gets going. Full delivery outside off stump, Root nicely leans into the shot and sends it to the fence past mid-off
8.5
Malinga to Root, no run, low bounce again, Root looks to cut, chops it to the keeper
8.4
Malinga to Root, no run, back of a length delivery outside off stump, Root punches it to point
8.3
Malinga to Morgan, 1 run, oh high full toss, Morgan guides it past backward point
8.2
Malinga to Morgan, no run, short delivery outside off stump, Morgan sways out
8.1
Malinga to Morgan, FOUR, overpitched delivery outside off stump, Morgan leans forward and drives along the ground through cover, in the gap and Morgan opens his account
7.6
Pradeep to Root, no run, full delivery on the stumps, Root flicks towards mid-on
7.5
Pradeep to Root, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Root defends off the back foot
7.4
Pradeep to Root, no run, in the slot to be driven, but Root mistimes to cover
7.3
Pradeep to Root, no run, overpitched delivery outside off stump, Root drives towards mid-off
7.2
Pradeep to Root, no run, fullish delivery around off stump, Root defends
7.1
Pradeep to Root, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, Root defends from the crease
6.6
Malinga to Morgan, no run, Morgan covers the stumps and lets this full delivery go through
6.5
Malinga to James Vince, out Caught by Kusal Mendis!! Edged and that's a lovely grab at second slip. Vince wanted to drive hard at this length delivery that moved away, got a thick edge, the man at slip was wide. He dived to his right and caught it with both hands. The ball definitely was travelling. Malinga keeping Sri Lanka in the game. Needs more responsible hands though wkt (2-26) min (33m). James Vince c Kusal Mendis b Malinga 14(18) [4s-2]
6.4
Malinga to James Vince, no run, stays inside the crease and dabs the fullish ball to point with soft hands
6.3
Malinga to James Vince, FOUR, and again! This time it's more crisp. Malinga slips it full on the pads and Vince just dismisses it off his presence with a lovely flick through mid-wicket
6.2
Malinga to James Vince, FOUR, overpitches and gets smashed away for a glorious boundary from Vince. Off the front foot, still head and lets his hands take over as he places it wide of mid-off
6.1
Malinga to James Vince, 2 runs, short delivery on the off stump, James Vince pulls to deep backward square leg, where Pradeep almost makes a mess
5.6
Pradeep to Root, no run, a bit too straight in line and it's been flicked to mid-wicket
5.5
Pradeep to Root, no run, beaten on the inside edge, Root wanted to push this short of length delivery through the off-side, the ball comes in and cuts him in half
5.4
Pradeep to Root, no run, covers the line of this good length delivery and defends
5.3
Pradeep to James Vince, 1 run, outside edge, but it doesn't carry to third man. Vince slogged, wanted to hit straight though, thick edge on this good length delivery, but it wasn't thick enough to go to hand
5.2
Pradeep to James Vince, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Vince tucks it to short mid-wicket
5.1
Pradeep to James Vince, no run, Vince wanted to drive, lack of bounce meant he toe-ended the drive to cover
4.6
Malinga to Root, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Root defends into the off-side
4.5
Malinga to Root, no run, guided to backward point
4.4
Malinga to Root, no run, Malinga again troubles with late swing, Root this time was opened up trying to flick, luckily managed to defend
4.3
Malinga to Root, 2 runs, guided off the back foot to point, straight to the fielder but fumble allows them to take two
4.2
Malinga to Root, 2 runs, they had gully to stop him from guiding it to third man, but Root manages to hit the gap betweern backward point and gully, third man runs to his right and gets him out
4.1
Malinga to James Vince, 1 run, slower ball low full toss, Vince waits and glances it to fine leg
3.6
Pradeep to Root, no run, oh almost caught at short cover. Root didn't control the drive on the rise, luckily it dropped short of the diving fielder
3.5
Pradeep to Root, no run, covers the off stump and gets solidly behind to defend
3.4
Pradeep to Root, 2 runs, steered away past backward point again
3.3
Pradeep to Root, FOUR, nicely placed back foot drive through point, any width to this guy on a surface that is not helping lateral movement is going to be tough for the bowler. Easily timed the ball and hit it along the ground
3.2
Pradeep to Root, no run, gets top of this short of length delivery and pushes it to point
3.1
Pradeep to Root, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Root looks to punch off the back foot, misses
2.6
Malinga to James Vince, no run, pushed to cover, maiden over
2.5
Malinga to James Vince, no run, oh almost squared up by late outswing, full and on the stumps, Vince wanted to flick across the line, luckily checked his shot last min and hit it to mid-on
2.4
Malinga to James Vince, no run, outswinger wide outside off stump, Vince shoulders arms
2.3
Malinga to James Vince, no run, past the bat now. Tentative push away from the body for this short of length delivery outside off stump, Vince didn't move his feet and got away with it
2.2
Malinga to James Vince, no run, oh what happened there? Short ball, Vince thought of pulling, but bailed out of the shot, the ball didn't rise and it almost brushed his ribs, bounces in front of the keeper
2.1
Malinga to James Vince, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Vince leans forward and defends
1.6
Pradeep to Root, no run, play and a miss. Slight movement away from the body on this full delivery outside off stump, Root looks to drive and gets beaten
1.5
Pradeep to Root, no run, toe-ends into the off-side as he was trying to guide the ball
1.4
Pradeep to Root, no run, watchfully and solidly defended off the back foot
1.3
Pradeep to Root, no run, good length delivery just outside off stump, Root defends off the back foot
1.2
Pradeep to James Vince, 1 run, punched to mid-off, fumble and they sneak a run
1.1
Pradeep to James Vince, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Vince defends off the back foot
0.6
Malinga to Root, no run, defended to point
0.5
Malinga to Root, 2 runs, toe-ended to third man, this interestingly didn't bounce much from back of a length and surprised Root on the back foot
0.4
Malinga to Root, no run, oh beaten, outswing from Malinga and Root feels for this length ball outside off stump and gets away
0.3
Malinga to Root, no run, good length delivery just outside off stump, Root defends off the back foot
0.2
Malinga to Bairstow, out Lbw!! Oh this looks good! Huuugee LBW shout and the finger goes up after a long thought. Perfect start for Sri Lanka. Second golden duck of the tournament. Frustration for Bairstow as he walks back slamming the bat on the ground. This was a very straight length ball from Malinga, Bairstow missed the flick, impact was in line with leg stump and because of Malinga's angle the ball generally doesn't slide down unless he swings the ball. Umpire Paul Wilson pondered for a long time and gave that out. Bairstow reviewed that and HawkEye showed ball kissing leg stump - umpire's call stood wkt (1-1) min (3m). Bairstow lbw b Malinga 0(1)
0.1
Malinga to James Vince, 1 run, outswinging full delivery on the leg stump, Vince works it through backward square leg
Commnetary
Mark Wood,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,James Vince,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Jofra Archer
Malinga,Mathews,Pradeep,Udana,Perera,Avishka Fernando,J Mendis,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
