49.6
Bumrah to Plunkett, 1 run, England end with a massive score of 337/7. 92 runs came off the final 10 overs and Stokes has played a massive role in shaping up such a score for the hosts. Was a low full toss by Bumrah and the batsman squeezed it into the off side for a single
49.5
Bumrah to Plunkett, no run, fires this one on leg, Plunkett swings hard but the ball slips underneath
49.4
Bumrah to Stokes, out Caught by (sub)Jadeja!! Stokes departs but he's done his job. A match defining knock, this can prove to be. A low full toss by Bumrah and the batsman scoops it straight to Jadeja at fine leg. The umpire checks for the no-ball but Bumrah has something behind the line wkt (7-336) min (80m). Stokes c (sub)Jadeja b Bumrah 79(54) [4s-6 6s-3]
49.3
Bumrah to Plunkett, Byes, 1 run, slower ball outside off, Plunkett swings hard and misses. The batsmen steal a bye as Dhoni fails to score his direct-hit at the batsman's end
49.2
Bumrah to Stokes, 1 run, gets an inside edge to fine leg as he tries to whip it, wanted the second but Stokes slips at the non-striker's end
49.1
Bumrah to Stokes, no run, perfect yorker by Bumrah and it's been squeezed back to the bowler by Stokes, nothing much can be done about such gems
48.6
Shami to Plunkett, no run, Plunkett has jammed the overpitched ball to long-on but Stokes wants to keep the strike, doesn't opt for the single
48.5
Shami to Stokes, 1 run, short ball outside off, Stokes hops a touch and chips it over covers for one more
48.4
Shami to Stokes, FOUR, 4,6,4. A widish delivery by Shami and Stokes thumps it over covers, comfortably beats the sprinter in the deep. Can he get to the three-digit mark?
48.3
Shami to Stokes, SIX, the wickets won't make any difference to Stokes' approach. A short ball around middle and leg, Stokes swivels and puts it into the stands at deep square leg
48.2
Shami to Stokes, FOUR, overpitched delivery by Shami and Stokes whips it past the fielder at wide long-on. Was looking for a hat-trick but it's been put away to the fence by the aggressive all-rounder
48.1
Shami to Woakes, out Caught by Rohit!! Here's the 5-wicket haul for Shami. His first one in World Cup cricket. Woakes miscued his pull shot against the short ball and Rohit Sharma comes running in from deep square leg to complete a well judged catch. Shami on a hat-trick too wkt (6-319) min (8m). Woakes c Rohit b Shami 7(5) [4s-1]
47.6
Bumrah to Woakes, 1 run, yorker around off, Woakes jams out into the off side
47.5
Bumrah to Woakes, FOUR, although the wickets are falling, England are finding those boundaries. A short ball by Bumrah and Woakes takes his eyes off the ball and pulls it to fine leg. Again it came off the top-edge but was placed in no man's land
47.4
Bumrah to Stokes, 1 run, whips this one towards square leg for a single
47.3
Bumrah to Woakes, 1 run, Goes for a pull and gets a top-edge on this short ball, was in the air for a while but drops in front of Kuldeep at fine leg
47.2
Bumrah to Stokes, 1 run, slower ball outside off, length ball that's been sliced through the off side
47.1
Bumrah to Woakes, 1 run, right at the toes of Woakes who flicks it through square leg for a single
46.6
Shami to Buttler, out Caught&Bowled!! Some respite for Shami as he gets a wicket after conceding plenty of runs in the over. Back of a length delivery by the seamer and Buttler gets a top-edge on his pull. Was bowled at 139kph and the batsman was a touch late in his shot, hence the top-edge was induced. Fumbles on his first attempt but manages to hold on to the catch. Chance to complete a 5-wicket haul wkt (5-310) min (17m). Buttler c and b Shami 20(8) [4s-1 6s-2]
46.5
Shami to Buttler, SIX, I have lost the number of full tosses, Shami has bowled in this over. Buttler doesn't middle this loft but the power behind it is enough to clear long-off
46.4
Shami to Buttler, FOUR, awful bowling by Shami as he's struggling to pitch the ball. A full toss by the pacer, not the first one of the over. Buttler gets hold of it and heaves it through square leg
46.3
Shami to Stokes, 1 run, whips this overpitched delivery to long-on. 300 up for England and the English supporters are waving their flag
46.2
Shami to Stokes, 2 runs, whips the low full toss to wide long-on for a couple of runs
46.1
Shami to Stokes, FOUR, muscled over mid-on! A full toss by Shami and Stokes thumps it over mid-on. One bounce into the fence as Pandya in the deep can do nothing about it
45.6
Bumrah to Buttler, no run, fires in a yorker outside off, Buttler goes for an off-drive and gets beaten all ends up. Only 4 runs off that over, priceless
45.5
Bumrah to Stokes, 1 run, fullish delivery around off, too quick to be put away, Stokes jams it out into the off side for a run
45.4
Bumrah to Stokes, no run, lovely delivery by Bumrah, a sharp bouncer, Stokes attempts a pull but gets beaten due to the carry
45.3
Bumrah to Stokes, no run, dipping into the batsman on a yorker length, also a slower one at the same time, Stokes can do nothing more than digging it out
45.2
Bumrah to Stokes, 2 runs, gets underneath the length ball and helicopters it over mid-wicket, wasn't enough elevation on this shot though
45.1
Bumrah to Buttler, 1 run, very full delivery by Bumrah, Buttler squeezes it in front of covers for one run
44.6
Shami to Stokes, 2 runs, Stokes keeps piling on the runs! Brings up yet another half-century, such a pivotal role he has played for England in this World Cup. A short ball outside off and the southpaw slaps it through wide mid-off to bring up his 19th half century in the format. England have a very good chance to reach 340 with two of their best strikers out in the middle
44.5
Shami to Buttler, 3 runs, flicks this overpitched delivery to deep mid-wicket and a misfield by Kohli results in three runs
44.4
Shami to Buttler, SIX, thumped over mid-wicket! Short of a length delivery by Shami and Buttler pulls it over mid-wicket for a flat six, has hardly taken any time to get going
44.3
Shami to Buttler, no run, run-out chance but Bumrah has missed it! Buttler had squeezed the overpitched delivery to the fielder at short mid-wicket and Stokes was way outside his crease. Had Bumrah nailed the direct-hit, Stokes was gone
44.2
Shami to Stokes, 1 run, fullish delivery outside off, Stokes squeezes it to covers for a single
44.1
Shami to Root, out Caught by Hardik Pandya!! Shami comes into the attack and gets rid of Root. An overpitched delivery by the seamer and Root finds the fielder at fine leg as he attempts a scoop. End of a handy knock by England's number 3, nevertheless. Buttler is in next though! wkt (4-277) min (96m). Root c Hardik Pandya b Shami 44(54) [4s-2]
43.6
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, no run, an off-cutter outside off, Stokes attempts a reverse sweep but can't connect
43.5
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, 2 runs, swings his bat powerfully but it comes off the inside edge towards short fine leg where Pant stops it once again, puts another dive and keeps them down to two
43.4
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, short and wide outside off, Root carves it to backward point where Pant dives to his left hand and stops it
43.3
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, 1 run, walks down the wicket and hacks the length ball to deep square leg, does Stokes
43.2
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, FOUR, another full toss and it's been put away to the fence by Stokes. Root failed, but the left hander doesn't. Gets hold of it and heaves it into the gap at mid-wicket, comfortably beats the fielder who was chasing it
43.1
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, a full toss by Hardik and it's been heaved to deep square leg by Root
42.6
Bumrah to Root, 1 run, slower ball to end the over, Root waits for it to arrive and slices it down to third man
42.5
Bumrah to Stokes, 1 run, quicker ball by Bumrah, hurries up the batsman with this short ball, Stokes wasn't in control of the pull as it came off the top-edge towards deep mid-wicket
42.4
Bumrah to Stokes, no run, very full ball by Bumrah, Stokes comes down the wicket and jams it towards mid-off but Jadeja is quick to get rid of the ball, fires in a throw at the bowler's end but fails to score the direct-hit
42.3
Bumrah to Stokes, no run, shuffles in his crease and tries to ramp the short ball over fine leg but can't lay bat on ball, too quick a ball that was
42.2
Bumrah to Stokes, no run, low full toss by Bumrah, nearly a yorker and it's been squeezed towards mid-off by Stokes
42.1
Bumrah to Root, 1 run, plays a gentle on-drive and gets the left-hander back on strike
41.6
Chahal to Root, 1 run, Chahal ends with his most expensive spell in ODIs. A low full toss by the leg spinner and it's been swept away to deep mid-wicket by Joe, was in the air for a while but falls short of the fielder
41.5
Chahal to Root, no run, makes room and squeezes it in front of covers
41.4
Chahal to Root, no run, slider around off, Root slices it towards short third man
41.3
Chahal to Root, FOUR, another sloppy effort in the field, it's Hardik Pandya this time. A short ball outside off, Root punched it off the back foot through covers and the all-rounder makes a mess in the deep, giving away a boundary
41.2
Chahal to Stokes, 1 run, rushes out again, this time shaves it through mid-wicket
41.1
Chahal to Stokes, SIX, Stokes keeps landing punches. No mercy whatsoever. Dwindles down in a hurry, reaches the pitch and lets his long levers take over as he slams it powerfully over cow corner
40.6
Bumrah to Stokes, 1 run, another quicker delivery by Bumrah, touch shorter and it's been hacked to fine leg by Stokes
40.5
Bumrah to Root, 1 run, sharp short ball by Bumrah, Root pulls it to deep square leg for a single, wasn't a controlled shot but there was no fielder placed in that region either
40.4
Bumrah to Root, no run, slower delivery around off, seaming into the batsman and it's been sliced in front of point by Root
40.3
Bumrah to Stokes, 3 runs, short of a length ball by Bumrah and Stokes shimmies down the wicket to lift it over the infield at covers, three runs added to the total as the ball wasn't timed neatly
40.2
Bumrah to Stokes, 2 runs, makes room and carves the length ball past the diving fielder at backward point, third man was very fine, hence he couldn't stop the second
40.1
Bumrah to Root, 1 run, skiddy length ball by Bumrah, Root pats it in front of point with soft hands and takes a quick single, Stokes is back on strike
39.6
Chahal to Root, 1 run, reverse scoops this one to the man at short third man to end the over with a single
39.5
Chahal to Stokes, 1 run, walks down the wicket and whips this one to long-on for a single
39.4
Chahal to Stokes, SIX, that's an amazing shot by Stokes. Premeditates and puts away the loopy delivery over covers with a brilliant reverse sweep, one of the best shots of the day. Such power in those wrists!
39.3
Chahal to Root, 1 run, overpitched delivery by the leg-spinner and Root sweeps it away to deep square leg for a single more
39.2
Chahal to Stokes, 1 run, brings out the sweep once again, does Stokes but it's been kept down to a single this time around, same fielder
39.1
Chahal to Stokes, FOUR, swept away! Goes down on his knee and sweeps the tossed up delivery to deep square leg, Shami sprints to his right but fails to stop the ball, not a great effort by the seamer and the bowler would agree with that
39.1
Chahal to Stokes, wide, slides this one down the leg side, Stokes attempts a sweep but misses
38.6
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, 1 run, was lining up to play a pull shot but Pandya bowls a slower one and the batsman adjusts accordingly and steers it down to third man
38.5
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, slower delivery in the channel outside off, Root glides it down to third man for a single
38.4
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, 1 run, nudges the length ball to deep square leg but a flat and sharp throw by Chahal keeps them down to a single
38.3
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, reads the short ball and hacks it to deep mid-wicket off his back foot
38.2
Hardik Pandya to Root, 2 runs, spears an overpitched delivery on the pads and Root flicks it into the gap at mid-wicket for a couple of runs
38.1
Hardik Pandya to Root, no run, length delivery around middle and leg, Root clips it to mid-wicket
37.6
Chahal to Stokes, no run, loopy delivery by Chahal, Stokes clips it off his front foot but finds the man at mid-wicket
37.5
Chahal to Stokes, 2 runs, works the short ball to fine leg and takes a couple of runs more
37.4
Chahal to Stokes, 2 runs, walks down the wicket and heaves it to deep square leg, Pant had to cover considerable ground as he was charging in from the deep, hence the second was always on
37.3
Chahal to Stokes, FOUR, top shot! A quicker delivery around off, on a fullish length and Stokes reverse sweeps it past the fielder at short third man, executed that to perfection did the left hander
37.2
Chahal to Stokes, no run, back in his crease to nudge the short ball to short mid-wicket
37.1
Chahal to Stokes, no run, attempts a sweep but fails to get the timing right, straight to the fielder at square leg
36.6
Hardik Pandya to Root, no run, on a length around middle and leg, good ball by HP and Root has eased this one to mid-on
36.5
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, 1 run, this one kept a touch low as it skid along the deck, Stokes clips it through square leg and hands over the strike to Root
36.4
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, not a great line by Pandya, on the pads and it's been clipped down to fine leg by Root, easy pickings for a batsman of his calibre
36.3
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, 1 run, Stokes didn't have an idea where the ball was, but he trusts Root and go ahead with a single. A length ball around off, the southpaw tries to block it off the back foot but it comes off the inside edge and rolls into the leg side, could have possibly chopped that on, but luckily he doesn't
36.2
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, no run, back of a length around off, skidding along the deck and it's been punched to mid-off
36.1
Hardik Pandya to Stokes, no run, length delivery around middle and leg, Stokes nudges it to mid-wicket
35.6
Shami to Stokes, 1 run, short ball by Shami to end the over, Stokes swivel-pulls it to deep square leg and gets a run
35.5
Shami to Stokes, no run, excellent bowling by Shami, takes the pace off the ball, bowls an off-cutter and Stokes gets a leading edge towards point, he tried to play it across the line and got beaten due to the lack of pace
35.4
Shami to Stokes, no run, pitched up again and Stokes watchfully eases it in front of mid-off
35.3
Shami to Root, 1 run, reads the length on this short ball and pulls it nicely to deep mid-wicket for a single
35.2
Shami to Root, no run, nails the yorker but Root does well to squeeze this out to mid-on
35.1
Shami to Root, no run, on a length around off, Root times his front-foot drive but Shami does well to stop it with his left hand
34.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, 1 run, sharp turn on this one, Root treks back and manoevers it into the gap at mid-wicket
34.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Stokes, 1 run, plays the away-turner with soft hands and gets an outside edge that rolls past the man at slip, one more to the total
34.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Stokes, no run, straighter in line, touch fuller and it's been clipped into the leg side by Stokes
34.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, 1 run, flighted delivery by Kuldeep, Root transfers his weight on to the front foot and eases it down to long-off
34.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Stokes, 1 run, drives the loopy delivery to long-off and moves over to the other end
34.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Stokes, no run, slight hesitation between the two batsmen but no harm done. Stokes was trying to flick it into the leg side but the ball clipped his pads and rolled into the leg side. Root was almost halfway down the track but it was a good decision by the striker to send him back
33.6
Shami to Root, no run, a wicket-maiden for Shami. All of a sudden the decibels in the stands have gone up a notch higher. Tad full in length this ball and it's been push-driven to mid-off by Root. Was thinking of a single but the fielder inside the circle was quick to charge in and deny him
33.5
Shami to Root, no run, pitched up by Shami, very full length ball and it's been squeezed out into the off side by Root
33.4
Shami to Morgan, out Caught by Kedar Jadhav!! India believe! The spectators do. The English skipper is back to the pavilion for a single digit score, nothing much from Morgan today. A short ball outside off that hurries up the batsman, the southpaw looks to pull it with lack of footwork and no control whatsoever. Never a great idea to fetch a pull shot when the ball is well outside off stump. And it's not advisable to pull with both feet in the air. As a result of that a top-edge is induced and Kedar Jadhav at fine leg takes a good running catch wkt (3-207) min (10m). Morgan c Kedar Jadhav b Shami 1(9)
33.3
Shami to Morgan, no run, third dot on the trot, India pulling things back, a slower delivery at 128kph and it's been drilled straight down the pitch by Morgan, unfortunately it hits at the stumps at the other end
33.2
Shami to Morgan, no run, goes full on this one, quicker one and it skids beneath Morgan's off-drive
33.1
Shami to Morgan, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, skids along the deck and keeps low, Morgan does well to bring his bat down in time and knock it into the off side
32.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Morgan, 1 run, tries to defend and gets a thick inside edge that rolls to square leg
32.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Morgan, no run, now Kuldeep Yadav surprises Morgan with a straighter delivery, lot of bounce and it hits Morgan on the thigh off the inside edge
32.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Morgan, no run, Morgan brings out the reverse sweep third ball, but he finds backward point
32.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, 1 run, taps to short cover, scampers through for a quick single before Dhoni could rush and collect the ball
32.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Root leans forward and flicks to short mid-wicket
32.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, no run, flatter delivery outside off stump, Root looks to cut and misses
31.6
Shami to Morgan, no run, another steepler, Morgan sways out
31.5
Shami to Morgan, no run, short delivery on the leg stump, Morgan ducks
31.4
Shami to Bairstow, out Caught by Pant!! The pitch is definitely slowing down. It's a short slower delivery outside off stump, Bairstow stayed leg-side and tried to slash hard, sliced this ball high in the air and Pant was perfectly stationed in front of the boundary at deep cover. Bairstow walks off to a good round of applause. Top knock, but he should have carried on to make this big. Tried too many fancy hits after the hundred and now has given it away. Maybe he was tiring. But take nothing away. He had been in the firing line before the game, but he's answered everyone with a hundred wkt (2-205) min (138m). Bairstow c Pant b Shami 111(109) [4s-10 6s-6]
31.3
Shami to Bairstow, no run, overpitched outside off stump, Bairstow drives to cover
31.2
Shami to Root, 1 run, driven to the right of mid-on
31.1
Shami to Root, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Root defends off the back foot
30.6
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, nice yorker on the stumps, Bairstow digs it out. Top over that from Chahal
30.5
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, quicker delivery on the off stump, Bairstow defends off the back foot
30.4
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, dabs this flatter delivery to third man
30.3
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, oh he's missed a slog, may have got an edge onto pad, impact was in line with leg stump. India appeal for LBW, Chahal reckoned there was some bat
30.3
Chahal to Bairstow, wide, wide down the leg-side, too full to sweep again
30.2
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, exposed the sticks there, too full, swept just in time to short fine leg
30.1
Chahal to Root, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Root flicks it to square leg
29.6
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Root flicks it through backward square leg
29.5
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, a mow across the line to this short of length delivery, dragged to backward square leg
29.4
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, slower short ball, Root waits and dabs to third man
29.3
Hardik Pandya to Root, 2 runs, flicked wide of mid-on, Bumrah hunts it down from the circle
29.2
Hardik Pandya to Root, no run, appeal for LBW/caught behind. No review from India. Back of a length delivery on the stumps, Root misses the defence, the ball hits Root high on the back pad, no bat as Dhoni caught the ball
29.1
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, short slower delivery, Bairstow pulls it to deep square leg
28.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, no run, knocked to backward square leg
28.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Root flicks gently to short mid-wicket
28.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, no run, googly and on the leg stump, Root leading edges the flick to the bowler
28.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, no run, short delivery on the stumps, Root pulls it to backward square leg
28.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, 2 runs, leg-side delivery again, Root glances it to fine leg
28.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, no run, leg stump line, Root flicks it to backward square leg
27.6
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, outside edge but it doesn't carry to Ms Dhoni. Short slower delivery, Bairstow was early into the cut shot as he was foxed by the cutter
27.5
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, no pace on the ball again, Bairstow toe-ends the drive to backward point
27.4
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, slower delivery outside off stump, Root dabs it down to third man
27.3
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, shortish delivery from Hardik Pandya, Bairstow pulls to deep mid-wicket
27.2
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, uppishly punched to mid-wicket
27.1
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, stands tall and flicks to square leg
26.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, FOUR, the reverse sweep again, Bairstow finds the gap past backward point and it's running away. This is excellent positive batting from Bairstow
26.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, shortish and outside off stump, Bairstow cuts it to backward point
26.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, tries to run the ball fine down to third man this time, misses
26.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, FOUR, the reverse sweep now, leg stump line, Bairstow sweeps and gets the connection right, hits it past backward point
26.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, very full, blocked gently
26.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Bairstow defends off the front foot
25.6
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, pulled to deep square leg. And that's a big roar from Bairstow. 8th ODI hundred for him. What a knock under pressure. He takes the helmet off and raises the bat. Thumbs up to the dressing room and the look on his face is for the critics. Quite a bit said about him and the team. He's answered everything with the bat. He came out with a determined look on the face. Got through a few tough deliveries and then really attacked the bowlers
25.5
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, beaten. Pondering the review. Look at Kohli mocking there that he will go for the review. He kept looking at Bairstow, suggesting he was going to review. This was a short delivery, Bairstow pulled and missed, no edge on UltraEdge
25.4
Hardik Pandya to Root, 1 run, wristed to the right of mid-wicket
25.3
Hardik Pandya to Root, no run, Root is all technique there with his back foot defence
25.2
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, good length delivery outside off stump, Bairstow punches it square of the wicket and moves to 99
25.1
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, oh inside edge, the slower delivery outside off stump, Bairstow looks to defend, the edge rolls to Ms Dhoni
24.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 1 run, driven all along the ground to long-off
24.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Bairstow defends from the crease
24.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, 1 run, slow and spinning back in, Root flicks it past the diving mid-wicket fielder
24.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Bairstow flicks it to square leg
24.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, FOUR, reverse-sweep, flighted delivery outside off stump, Bairstow gets it very fine and it's gone well wide of short third man
24.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, spinning back in, Bairstow punches it to the off-side
23.6
Bumrah to Root, FOUR, oh look at this guy squeezing out a yorker so fine past the keeper for four. That's actually a very good delivery, but such is the quality of Root that he watches the ball so late onto the bat and guides this, Dhoni dives to his right, can't cut it off
23.5
Bumrah to Bairstow, 1 run, oh a high full toss, looks like Bumrah tried the yorker and lost control, flicked to long leg
23.4
Bumrah to Root, 1 run, he will keep dabbing to third man even if you bowl down the leg-side, one of his favourite shots, easy steer off this back of a length
23.3
Bumrah to Root, 2 runs, oh a very nice incoming length delivery, Root was almost late on the flick shot, manages to play it to long-on, the throw goes to the bowler's end and Bairstow dives to make his ground
23.2
Bumrah to Bairstow, 1 run, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover
23.1
Bumrah to Root, 1 run, fullish and outside off stump, Root defends and gets an outside edge that rolls to third man
22.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, 1 run, goes back and nudges to short fine leg
22.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 1 run, googly and outside off stump, Bairstow dabs it to backward point for a sharp run
22.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, all of a sudden Bairstow is respecting Kuldeep Yadav, another forward defence
22.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, covers the off stump and defends nicely off the front foot
22.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Root, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Root gets forward and flicks to long-on
22.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, out Caught by (sub)Jadeja!! Jadeja, only Jadeja! That's his wicket. None other than him in this Indian side could have taken that. Roy rushed down the pitch to this googly and wanted to smash it, hit it straight and connected fairly well, it went flat. Jadeja ran to his left from long-on, dived full length forward at full speed and took it inches from the ground. Look at Kohli roar. This wicket means a lot. Roy slams his bat on the led ad boards as he walks off. He knows he's missed out on a big innings. He's still shaking his head wkt (1-160) min (101m). Roy c (sub)Jadeja b Kuldeep Yadav 66(57) [4s-7 6s-2]
21.6
Hardik Pandya to Roy, 1 run, oh that was so casual from Roy. Didn't drag the bat in. Just plugged in. Easy single with a push to mid-off, but Chahal fired a direct-hit
21.5
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, and again. Kohli might as well think of bringing Shami/Bumrah back for a short burst. Pandya takes pace off and forces a false shot, Bairstow plays the flick early, chipped in the vacant mid-wicket
21.4
Hardik Pandya to Roy, 1 run, bouncer, doesn't rise much, but keeps Roy calm, pulled along the ground to deep mid-wicket
21.3
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, slower delivery on the stumps, Bairstow flicks it to backward square leg
21.2
Hardik Pandya to Roy, 1 run, shortish delivery, Roy pulls it to deep mid-wicket
21.1
Hardik Pandya to Roy, no run, three slower balls Hardik Pandya has bowled, thrice he's foxed the batsman. Roy fails to read the slower ball, swings wildly and misses
20.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, googly squaring up Bairstow in his back foot defence, manages to defend towards point
20.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, no run, oh inside edge onto pad, fullish and wide outside off stump, Bairstow wanted to slog leg-side, only managed an inside edge
20.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 1 run, full and Roy drills it to long-off
20.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 1 run, short and spinning, Bairstow punches it to long-on
20.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 2 runs, spinning back in, Bairstow flicks it to deep square leg, rushes back for the second
20.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, SIX, this is a mistimed hit, doesn't have enough elevation, but even Jadeja can't jump and get there. Pandya bowled a quiet over, but Kuldeep Yadav is taken for a maximum immediately. Bairstow stepped out and slogged, got the placement wide of long-on
19.6
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, 1 run, and Pandya is deceiving batsmen with his slower deliveries. Luckily for Bairstow there was no one at mid-off, would have been out. He played early and checked his shot as he didn't read this from the hands, gets a single in the end
19.5
Hardik Pandya to Roy, 1 run, good length delivery outside off stump, Roy cuts square of the wicket on the off-side
19.4
Hardik Pandya to Roy, no run, the slower delivery, the first of the day, India need more of this, and Roy is beaten all ends up
19.3
Hardik Pandya to Roy, no run, lovely cover-drive but straight to Virat Kohli at cover
19.2
Hardik Pandya to Roy, no run
19.2
Hardik Pandya to Roy, no run, oh what was that? A one handed push from Roy. Did it stop on the batsman? Not a slower delivery, Roy played the defence early and it almost popped to hand at cover
19.1
Hardik Pandya to Roy, 2 runs, Roy jumps down the pitch, Roy slaps over cover, Jadeja cuts it off and fires in a flat throw at the bowler's end
18.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 2 runs, another slog-sweep, along the ground to deep square leg, deep mid-wicket runs to his right and cuts it off
18.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, SIX, slog-sweep and the timing is very good. Flighted delivery on the stumps, Bairstow gets down on his knees and powers this way over the deep square leg boundary
18.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 1 run, spinning back in, Roy flicks it to short fine leg
18.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, no run, oh Roy hits this hard and straight, Kuldeep Yadav gets his left hand out and half-stops the ball
18.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 1 run, flatter delivery on the leg stump, Bairstow flicks it to mid-wicket
18.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 1 run, pulled uppishly, on the bounce to deep mid-wicket
17.6
Chahal to Bairstow, SIX, this is a mistimed hit, it finds the gap at cow corner and just clears the fence. Looked like it came off the bottom of the bat as Bairstow tried to pull this not-so short delivery. The England fans in the ground cheer
17.5
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Bairstow defends to cover
17.4
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, hugeee appeal for LBW. Very close, no says ump Dharmasena. Could be right there, was top-edge quicker delivery from Chahal, Bairstow was beaten on the back foot with the flick shot, impact in line with leg, but may have missed the sticks
17.3
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, hit on the pad, but missing leg, Bairstow missed the flick and he fell over attempting the shot
17.2
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, flatter delivery on the off stump, Bairstow defends
17.1
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow tried to opens the face of the bat at the last moment to dab the ball to third man, didn't move his feet, just put bat on ball
16.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, no run, now Kuldeep Yadav keeps Roy calm after stepping down the pitch, he dropped this short to force Roy into a defensive line
16.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, SIX, down the track, to the pitch of the ball and smashed over long-on. Lovely connection. Kuldeep Yadav tried to outsmart the batsman in flight, but Roy used his feet to great effect
16.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 2 runs, he's come back into the side and given England the perfect start. The sort of starts they are used to. Of course on flat tracks! 16th ODI fifty for Jason Roy. He drills it wide of long-on and he Bairstow congratulates him
16.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 2 runs, that's a ball to be met off the front foot, not too short, but Roy manages to stay back and slap to the left of long-off, more towards deep extra-cover
16.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 1 run, driven down the ground to long-on
16.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 1 run, flighted delivery from Kuldeep Yadav, Roy drives it to long-off
15.6
Chahal to Bairstow, SIX, and Chahal is getting a pasting here! Tossed up outside off and Bairstow slams the ball over long-on for a sixer. Was huge. Bairstow and Roy taking it head on here
15.5
Chahal to Roy, 1 run, slaps the drive and it is away from the man at cover for a single down to long-off
15.4
Chahal to Bairstow, 1 run, shortish delivery and has been pulled down to long-on for a single
15.3
Chahal to Bairstow, SIX, fifty for Bairstow! And 100 for England. Was a tossed up delivery and has been lifted over long-on. Was hit well but Rahul always had a little chance but the ball fell over him as it came down despite him being right at the boundary. This has been a stunner from Bairstow
15.2
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, looks to drag the pull from well outside off and misses
15.1
Chahal to Roy, 1 run, chips the drive inside out and the ball lands well short of the man at deep cover
14.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 1 run, chips down the track and clubs the drive down to long-on for a single
14.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, 3 runs, and deft from Bairstow. Toying with the field now. Laps it fine and gets a triple. The man from deep backward square had to slide and stop it
14.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Bairstow, FOUR, easy pickings here for Bairstow. England under pressure are trying to put the pressure back on India. Full toss, freindly one and Bairstow heaved it well past deep mid for a four
14.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, 1 run, backs away, slaps the punch down to long-off for a single
14.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, FOUR, boy o boy! England have missed Roy. Dances out and slams it over the bowler's head for a four. England motoring along now
14.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Roy, no run, backs away and pushes the ball out to cover. Looks for a single and was sent back
13.6
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, and the front footed block as it landed on a length
13.5
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, quickish flipper and Bairstow fails to tuck it away
13.4
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, shortish delivery and has been chopped out to cover
13.3
Chahal to Bairstow, SIX, loopy ball on the sticks and has been slog swept. Big six! Over deep mid as that was hit flat. In fact was hit to the shorter part of the fence
13.2
Chahal to Roy, 1 run, smashes that into the turf and Kohli at cover was in the firing line. He fumbles that and allows the single to be taken
13.1
Chahal to Roy, FOUR, reverse hack! Gets it fine past short third man for a four. England trying to break free
12.6
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, on a length, little dart into the batter and has been nudged out with a closed face of the bat
12.5
Hardik Pandya to Roy, 1 run, knocks it off the pads and gets a single into the on-side. England have a plan and they are doing well to stick to it
12.4
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, leg byes, 1 run, that was down leg, Bairstow fails to tuck it away. It ricochets off the pads for a single into the on-side
12.3
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, looks to pull! The batter gets it off the gloves this time and the umpire picked it as well. Landed well short of Dhoni
12.2
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, FOUR, and drop-kicked! Pandya being taken to the cleaners here. On a length and Bairstow lifted it over mid-on for a four. One bounce and into the fence
12.1
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, FOUR, short ball again, Bairstow gets on top of the ball and pulls it down. The ball escapes between fine leg and deep square leg for a four
11.6
Chahal to Bairstow, 1 run, slog sweeps it flat! That flew like tracer Bullet. Sure Ravi Shastri would have agreed. Flat and powerful, the man at deep mid stops it awkwardly
11.5
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, and that spins past the back foot push. Drops that on a length and it ripped away to beat the outer edge. The elusive edge continues to be safe
11.4
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, pushed back to the bowler
11.3
Chahal to Roy, 1 run, slaps the drive down to long-off for a single
11.2
Chahal to Roy, no run, backs away and cracks the cut. Took it from the sticks and got it to point
11.1
Chahal to Bairstow, 1 run, drives and the man at cover misses it. Single taken
10.6
Hardik Pandya to Roy, FOUR, backs away again, cracks the length delivery and gets it just over the man at mid-off for a four. Bumrah tried to take it but missed
10.5
Hardik Pandya to Roy, SIX, and Roy decides to rub some salt into the wounds. Backs away and lifts it over wide long-off for a sixer. Nailed it
10.5
Hardik Pandya to Roy, wide, shortish delivery down leg. Roy misses the pull and has been wided. There was a huge appeal for caught behind, mainly by the bowler. Dhoni did appeal, but he wasn't sure about reviewing. Kohli was very curious to send the case upstairs. And on UltraEdge there was a spike. It was off the gloves. MS insisted not to take it. India lose an oppurtunity to get Roy out. Lucky for Roy
10.4
Hardik Pandya to Roy, no run, short, outside off and Roy was too early into the pull. Looked to drag it and missed it
10.3
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, leg byes, 1 run, loses his radar and that was down leg. The ball went off the pads as Bairstow misses the heave off the pads
10.2
Hardik Pandya to Bairstow, no run, 141kph delivery just outside off and has been pushed back to the bowler. Again, hits the hard length just like his predecessors
10.1
Hardik Pandya to Roy, 1 run, starts with a length delivery outside off and has been dabbed out to third man for a single
9.6
Shami to Bairstow, no run, loosens his bottom hand and stabs the ball out into the covers
9.5
Shami to Roy, 1 run, a run finally after 10 dot balls. That was tapped into the off-side for a single. Hitting that hard length and Roy is happy to respect the bowler's lines for the moment
9.4
Shami to Roy, no run, on a length, closer to the off-pole. Roy is slightly cramped for room and is content to push it away. 10 dot balls on the trot
9.3
Shami to Roy, no run, lovely channel outside off and has been pushed back to the bowler
9.2
Shami to Roy, no run, looks to drive and gets it off the inner half of the bat. The man at square leg moves to his left and stops it
9.1
Shami to Roy, no run, Roy looks to continue his momentum. Dances out and looks to go across the line a bit. Misses though
8.6
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, back of a length delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler. Maiden from Bumrah. Similar lines and lengths throughout the over and Bairstow also didn't try anything fancy. Only 8 runs from his 4 overs so far. Bumrah has been metronomical as usual
8.5
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, Bumrah continues to bargain dot balls by hitting the right and tight lines. Just outside off and Bairstow just opens the face of the bat to push it to point
8.4
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, hard bottom hand and has been jabbed out into the on-side off the inner half of the bat
8.3
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, stabs the ball back to the bowler as that was on a length outside off
8.2
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, on a length, little bend into the batter from wide of the crease and has been pushed out to mid-on
8.1
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, length delivery and has been pushed to mid-on
7.6
Chahal to Roy, FOUR, the intent looks great from England! That was well ballooned up outside off and Roy dragged the slog sweep over mid-wicket for a four. Roy looking to be positive and has been good so far
7.5
Chahal to Roy, FOUR, Chahal played into the hands of the batter. He was waiting for that length. Roy rocked back and slammed the cut into the covers for a four
7.4
Chahal to Roy, no run, charges out, Chahal saw it and dropped his length. Roy pushed it out past cover with a closely knitted bat and pad
7.3
Chahal to Roy, no run, slashes the ball down into the turf. Doesn't time it though
7.2
Chahal to Roy, no run, pushes the ball out to mid-on as Roy accounted for the line of the ball by getting behind it
7.1
Chahal to Bairstow, 1 run, back footed punch down to long-off for a single
6.6
Bumrah to Roy, no run, waits on the back foot and taps it down into the on-side with soft hands. Roy wanted a single but was sent back
6.5
Bumrah to Roy, no run, angles it in from wide of the crease! Roy doesn't account for the line of the ball and is beaten on the inside edge. The ball hits the batter high on the pad again. It ricocheted away to the man at slip who put in a dive to stop it
6.4
Bumrah to Bairstow, 1 run, Bairstow stabs the drive into the covers and gets a single
6.3
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, shortish skiddy delivery and Bairstow fails to pull it away. The ball hits him high on the back pad
6.2
Bumrah to Roy, 1 run, inside edge and the ball dribbles away into the off-side for a single. That cut back in off the surface and Roy was slightly taken aback by the extra bounce. Roy shaking his right hand
6.1
Bumrah to Roy, no run, length delivery outside off and has been driven on the up to find mid-off
5.6
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, on a length, Bairstow pushes forward and quite solidly blocks it
5.5
Chahal to Bairstow, 2 runs, pushes forward and gets it off the outside edge. The ball goes past slip and Rahul at short third has to slide and stop it
5.4
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, quickish delivery outside off, turns away and beats the poke. MS whips the bails off but Bairstow had not moved anywhere
5.3
Chahal to Bairstow, FOUR, and Bairstow takes the bait! Loopy, tossed up delivery and Bairstow drop-kicked it over mid-on for a one bounce four. Was almost a sixer
5.2
Chahal to Bairstow, no run, loopy, straightish, knocked out into the on-side
5.1
Chahal to Roy, 1 run, loopy ball and has been driven down to long-off for a single
4.6
Shami to Bairstow, 2 runs, throws his bat at a wide one and gets a thick edge. Kuldeep at deep third was slow off the blocks and England convert that into a double. May be a direct hit could have made it tricky but was a far cry from the deep third region
4.5
Shami to Bairstow, no run, jags in from a length and has been nudged out into the on-side off the inner half of the blade. The movement seems to be easing out now. There was a little to start off
4.4
Shami to Bairstow, no run, length delivery outside off and has been blocked out into the off-side
4.3
Shami to Bairstow, FOUR, and England continue to bag lucky runs.. looks to drive and gets the inside edge which hares past the sticks for a four to fine leg. Second time an inside edge has fetched him four runs
4.2
Shami to Bairstow, 2 runs, tucked off the pads for a double as the line was too straight
4.1
Shami to Roy, Byes, 1 run, and the woobly delivery beats the batter and MS as well. The last moment wobble has the keeper taking a blow on his wrist. The ball ricochets off the hand into the on-side for a bye. That was speared in at 146kph
3.6
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, knocks the ball out into the on-side as it nipped in from a length
3.5
Bumrah to Bairstow, FOUR, on the pads and tucked away! That was hit behind square and the smaller boundary on that region didn't help Pant's cause who was trying to run in from fine-leg
3.4
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, and the speed clock shows 145kph as that was gunned out full outside off. Jammed out to mid-off
3.3
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, short of length delivery outside off and has been patted down into the deck off the front foot
3.2
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, back of a length delivery and has been patted out into the off-side
3.1
Bumrah to Roy, 1 run, length delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side for a single
2.6
Shami to Bairstow, no run, what happened there? Saw a similar delivery in the first over. That was a creeper. Almost crept under the bat as Bairstow tried to drive it on the up. He missed the line as well as that decked in a trifle. India would be batting second! Not good signs!
2.5
Shami to Bairstow, no run, slams the drive on the up! That was fuller and wider outside off, Bairstow stroked it on the up for the man at mid-off to fumble. No runs taken though
2.4
Shami to Bairstow, no run, steams in and gets the ball to curve into the batter, who leaves it on line seeing it outside off
2.3
Shami to Bairstow, no run, 144kph delivery just outside off and has been poked out into the off-side
2.2
Shami to Bairstow, FOUR, and more luck! Hard hands and looks to drive on the up. The ball kisses the edge and scurries past the sticks for a four to fine leg
2.1
Shami to Bairstow, no run, and the inside edge saves him. Straightish delivery and a little nibble into the batter. Bairstow looks to drive and the thinnish slice of the willow saves him. Shami bailed out of the appeal mid-way
1.6
Bumrah to Bairstow, 1 run, a soft jab just like a boxer does while starting his bout to feel his way in. Gets it off the outer half of the bat and it runs to deep third man for a single
1.5
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, creates the angle at 139kph and has been pushed out into the covers off the back foot. No room for the batter to use
1.4
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run
1.4
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, much better! Push driven to mid-off as he strode forward into the shot. Two slips still hanging in there
1.3
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, and it straightens outside off! Bairstow looks to poke at it and misses. Playing away from your body can be harmful. Was so close to the edge
1.2
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, a little fidgety on the front footed push? Might be. Defends it out to mid-off as it was on a length outside off
1.1
Bumrah to Bairstow, no run, that angle being struck straightaway. Back of a length delivery and Bairstow was quick to trek back and tap it down under his eyes.. Two slips in place
0.6
Shami to Roy, no run, and flirtatious! Looks to be too cheeky and flirts at a delivery outside off. Not a good habit when there is something off the deck and in the air. Gets beaten. Lots of oooohhhsss and aaaahhhhhsss
0.5
Shami to Roy, FOUR, and there you go! Punched on the up again! Front foot press and driven between cover and mid-off for a four. Confident start for the comeback man
0.4
Shami to Roy, no run, good leave! That darts in and Roy left it on length. That was close to the sticks and blew a flying kiss did the ball as it passed the sticks. Dhoni moved to his left to stop that
0.3
Shami to Roy, no run, and did it keep a little low? Last ball, I mentioned true bounce and it looked a little sticky here. Tucked away to the on-side as he bent down a bit to nudge it
0.2
Shami to Roy, FOUR, punches on the up! Little room outside off and has been stamped away off the forward press. The man at point had outstretched hands but wasn't able to stop it. The ball had good true bounce on it as well
0.1
Shami to Roy, no run, angling into the batter and has been knocked away to mid-wicket. Has a plan of bringing the ball into the batter
0.1
Shami to Roy, wide, swing straightaway! Down leg, MS dives to his left and stops it. Wide to start. But immaculate seam position as usual
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Archer,Mark Wood
