37.2
Perera to Du Plessis, FOUR, swinging down leg, Faf will get a tickle thick enough to beat the diving keeper and run through. So, South Africa finally have something other than embarrassement in a long, long time
37.1
Perera to Amla, 1 run, just a tuck off the legs, in front of square. So Faf will have his strike, but not a century
36.6
Udana to Du Plessis, no run, nah. Udana takes pace off, which Faf misreads as he tries to run it down to third man, missing all ends up
36.5
Udana to Amla, 1 run, stands up tall, riding on the bounce with a wristy slap through sweeper
36.4
Udana to Amla, no run, pitched up on off, driven with nice high elbows to mid-off
36.3
Udana to Amla, no run, sticks out an opened bat face to stab it away to point
36.2
Udana to Amla, 2 runs, another flick firmly into these wide gaps - this time at mid-wicket - two-worthy
36.1
Udana to Amla, 2 runs, steered away watchfully backward of point. But it's placed so damn well that Faf will HAVE to come back for the second
35.6
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, driven a little too hard to mid-off, and Amla has already gone halfway down to help Faf get more strike. But no, it's timed way too well to steal these
35.5
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, slower, but more of the dipping stuff in the crease. Blocked
35.4
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, moves away from the line, drilling it hard but straight to extra cover
35.3
Malinga to Du Plessis, FOUR, and Faf and SA continue to march hand in hand -- both into single-digits now -- with this proper full-faced punch straight back. Two men chase, and then both don't bother
35.2
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, dipping yorker on middle. Jammed out, mid-on
35.1
Malinga to Amla, 1 run, reversing in on the legs, a no-fuss clip behind square. More importantly, Faf has his strike back
34.6
Udana to Du Plessis, FOUR, nice friendly overcook on off. Faf will keep his century quest alive, thanks to this smash downtown, all along the carpet
34.5
Udana to Du Plessis, no run, back of a length that skids on, slapped, cover
34.4
Udana to Amla, 1 run, tummy-lined. A hopping tuck, once again into mid-wicket
34.3
Udana to Amla, no run, a rather wristy stab looking to go after the width, picks out point
34.2
Udana to Du Plessis, 1 run, 103kph, really well-disguised slower one, mayne a little too slow. Faf waits for it, bottom-handing it in front of square
34.1
Udana to Du Plessis, no run, 128kph, length, just outside off, defended to cover
33.6
Malinga to Du Plessis, 1 run, going across without any swing. Faf has his strike back, driving it through extra cover
33.5
Malinga to Du Plessis, FOUR, the yorker goes just slightly wrong - as a low reversing full toss just down leg - and Faf flicks perfectly to get past leg-gully, which is all he had to do. Okay, Faf wants a century here ..
33.4
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, 128kph, reverses in again with the ball tailing into the blockhole on middle. Squeezed out, nearly losing his balance as he gets his bat down
33.3
Malinga to Amla, 1 run, 125kph, a hopping-shuffling-pulling Amla, alas, a single is all he'll get, and down to deep square leg
33.2
Malinga to Amla, no run, 128kph, yorker on the base of off. Jammed out
33.1
Malinga to Du Plessis, 1 run, some in-reversing low full toss on the legs, whipped uppishly into square leg
32.6
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, goes down to slog -- but the length is a little too full for his liking, having to miscue off the inside-half into mid-wicket
32.5
J Mendis to Du Plessis, FOUR, proper wide sit-up. Faf slaps, getting one-kneed as he intercepts the point gap perfectly. It's falling apart, if it wasn't already
32.4
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, low slingy leg-break. Amla gets wristy, flicking to long-on
32.3
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, a hint of air, stroked through the line to long-off
32.2
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, more back-footed rocking, now with a glance round the corner
32.1
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, short, allowing Faf to go back in deep and then punch it straight down
31.6
Perera to Amla, no run, late opened up leaning steer, can't beat point though
31.5
Perera to Du Plessis, 1 run, to cover, 126kph, opens up his bat face a touch as he creams this drive right through cover and mid-off
31.4
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, tight cramping lines, Faf will/can only defend
31.3
Perera to Amla, 1 run, 126kph, throws out at the width in carving it away uppishly down to third man
31.2
Perera to Amla, no run, 120kph, a hint of inswing through the air, Amla covers all of it, bat-pad stuck as he taps it to cover
31.1
Perera to Du Plessis, 1 run, lines up beside the good length in-nipper to knock it down to long-off
30.6
J Mendis to Amla, no run, Amla reviews. It's one sweep too many which he misses big time as Mendis gets this one to spin away to pin him low on the front pad. Now Amla might not have wanted to, but Faf is convinced enough to convince Amla into going upstairs. But just as he sees the replay on the big screen, he walks off for some reason. And surprise, surprise, the ball is pitching just down leg. And the walker that he is, he'll be more than happy to do some reverse walking
30.5
J Mendis to Amla, no run, drifting into middle and leg, tickled out, mid-wicket
30.4
J Mendis to Amla, no run, back, behind to a delivery quite full in the first place. And then will crouch in defence
30.3
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, a bit of width, sliced away through sweeper
30.2
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 2 runs, juicy drag down. Faf will pull, through mid-wicket
30.2
J Mendis to Du Plessis, wide, pitches down leg and then keeps going on with the arm further down
30.1
J Mendis to Amla, 3 runs, very early premeditation, shuffling well outside off and then sitting down even before the bowler's getting into his delivery stride .. and the laps it really fine
29.6
Perera to Amla, 1 run, 121kph, a rather wristy slap, calmly through point
29.5
Perera to Du Plessis, 1 run, 123kph, cuts back in further, Faf manages to punch it through the covers
29.4
Perera to Amla, 1 run, 120kph, nipping back in off the pitch, Amla's up tall, right behind it in defence
29.3
Perera to Du Plessis, 1 run, 123kph, a tad shorter, but the pace just doesn't let it come on, with Faf eventually having to pull it off the inside half into cow corner
29.2
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, 117kph, cutter, fifth-stumped. Faf tries running it down to third man, but just can't get hold one bit
29.1
Perera to Amla, 1 run, very whippy off the fourth-stump, neatly flicking off the back foot through square leg
28.6
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, tossed up on middle, Amla goes into out and drives it along the ground to long-off
28.5
J Mendis to Amla, no run, slower and around off, Amla with a low stance stabs it into the off-side
28.4
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, flighted outside off, Faf wanted to slog sweep but the length did not allow him to get underneath, dragged off the under-edge to square leg
28.3
J Mendis to Du Plessis, no run, floated up outside off, Faf reaches out and drives to cover
28.3
J Mendis to Du Plessis, wide, spinning away outside the tramline and Faf has a look at Ravi as he signals wide
28.2
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, on the shorter side and it is an easy cut for Amla towards sweeper cover
28.1
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Faf cracks it square of the wicket
27.6
Lakmal to Amla, no run, fuller and outside off, Amla drives and picks out the cover fielder
27.5
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 1 run, slower delivery and Faf glances it to fine leg, thought about two but decided against it
27.4
Lakmal to Du Plessis, FOUR, six followed by a four - definite signs of Faf stepping on the accelerator. Short of length delivery and Faf picked the bones out of that, rocked back and nailed the pull well in front of square
27.3
Lakmal to Du Plessis, SIX, lovely shot! Looks like Faf has decided to wrap this up. Gives Lakmal the charge and converts it into a full delivery, then swings through the line and lofts it back over straight. First six of the innings and only the second of the game
27.2
Lakmal to Amla, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Amla opens the bat face and dabs it behind point, for a single
27.1
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 1 run, fifty for Faf. Third in the tournament for the South African skipper. Not the best of World Cups for him and the celebrations tell you that. Just a raise of the bat and a handshake with his partner. The ball was back of a length and Faf flicked it through mid-wicket
26.6
Dhananjaya de Silva to Du Plessis, 1 run, keeps a shade low and Faf is able to work it in front of square
26.5
Dhananjaya de Silva to Du Plessis, no run, fired in full and at the stumps, Faf jams it out almost at the last second
26.4
Dhananjaya de Silva to Du Plessis, no run, tossed up on off, Faf turns it gently into the leg-side
26.4
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, wide, 2 darted down leg, Amla falls over on his attempted flick and Perera also could not glove it cleanly, Mendis runs across from slip to try and catch Amla short at the bowler's end, but he is too late
26.3
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, no run, quicker and outside off, Amla directs it with an open bat face to backward point
26.2
Dhananjaya de Silva to Du Plessis, 1 run, nurdled from off-stump in front of square on the leg-side
26.1
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Amla cracks it to sweeper cover
25.6
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, curling in and Faf flicks it crisply but straight to the man at mid-wicket
25.5
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, fuller and around off, Faf drives and it hits it close to mid-on
25.4
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, another yorker, it is like a bowling machine, keeps landing them in the blockhole, Faf squirts it off the inside edge to backward square. He's leading the yorker list already - 36 so far in the World Cup
25.3
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, fuller and close to off, Faf blocks with the head right on top of the ball
25.2
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, yorker that tails in, Faf squeezes it out off the toe-end to mid-on
25.1
Malinga to Amla, 1 run, short of length delivery, Amla is on one-leg to pull it along the ground to deep backward square
24.6
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, 1 run, on the shorter side, nurdled away to square leg
24.5
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, no run, flatter delivery around off, punched to the right of the bowler, de Silva tidies up
24.4
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, no run, tossed up outside off, Amla plunges forward and defends
24.3
Dhananjaya de Silva to Du Plessis, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Faf punches to sweeper cover
24.2
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, 1 run, tossed up on off, Amla waits on the back foot and nudges it wide of mid-wicket
24.1
Dhananjaya de Silva to Du Plessis, 1 run, shuffles across and allows to spin, worked away to square leg
23.6
Malinga to Amla, no run, maiden --> It is a milestone - "100th in ODIs," informs Mel Jones on air. A low full toss on off and middle, Amla wrists the on-drive straight to mid-on. This was a good testing over from Malinga and Amla was able to negotiate it well
23.5
Malinga to Amla, no run, pings the yorker now, Amla is up for it as he brings his bat down and digs it out
23.4
Malinga to Amla, no run, good length ball just outside off, wee bit of movement and Amla's feet are stuck to the crease, he tries to reach out with the bat away from the body and is beaten on the outside edge
23.3
Malinga to Amla, no run, banged in halfway down, Amla gets on top of the bounce and pulls to the same backward square fielder
23.2
Malinga to Amla, no run, back of a length on off-stump, Amla hops and tucks it to backward square, where a fielder is placed specifically
23.1
Malinga to Amla, no run, low full toss outside off, Amla drives it towards cover
22.6
Udana to Amla, 1 run, short of length close to off, flicked away to deep square leg
22.5
Udana to Du Plessis, 1 run, fuller and around off, Faf wrists it to the right of mid-on
22.4
Udana to Du Plessis, FOUR, edged and four! Faf saw the width outside off and throws the bat at that, the thick outside edge races past the slip fielder and beats third man who is a bit square
22.3
Udana to Du Plessis, no run, change of pace outside off, Faf under-edges the cut back to Perera. Lack of pace undoing him there
22.2
Udana to Du Plessis, no run, short of length around off, punched towards point where de Silva makes a diving stop
22.1
Udana to Amla, 1 run, picks the back of a length delivery outside off and flicks it wide of mid-on, for a single
21.6
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, and again close to yorker length, Faf squeezes the drive to mid-off
21.5
Malinga to Amla, 1 run, very full and tailing in on leg-stump, clipped away to deep mid-wicket
21.4
Malinga to Amla, no run, spears it into the blockhole, Amla jams it out into the off-side
21.3
Malinga to Amla, no run, fuller and outside off, Amla drives crisply and hits it straight to mid-off
21.2
Malinga to Du Plessis, 1 run, yorker down leg, Faf helps it along the way to fine leg
21.1
Malinga to Du Plessis, 2 runs, starts with an inswinging yorker, Faf squeezes it out backward of square leg and comes back for the second
20.6
Udana to Amla, no run, short of length outside off, Amla chops the cut back to Perera. The ball did not arrive as Amla expected
20.6
Udana to Amla, wide, too much angle this time and it ends up down leg, Amla can't meet with the glance and umpire Ravi signals a wide
20.5
Udana to Du Plessis, 1 run, fuller and around off, Faf stabs it into the off-side and sets off for a quick single
20.4
Udana to Amla, 1 run, angled in and ends up on the pads, flicked away to deep mid-wicket
20.3
Udana to Du Plessis, 1 run, slower delivery outside off, Faf punches it to sweeper cover
20.2
Udana to Du Plessis, no run, cross-seam delivery with a extra bite, Faf wanted to steer it to third man but the bounce did him in, beaten on the outside edge
20.1
Udana to Du Plessis, no run, stays a bit low again but Faf gestures more than it did, he crouches low and knocks it to mid-on
19.6
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, tosses it up outside off, Faf leans into the drive to deep cover
19.5
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, on the leg-stump line, worked away into the mid-wicket pocket
19.4
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, drifting into the pads, nudged away in front of square on the leg-side
19.3
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 2 runs, floated up outside off, Faf goes in to out, lofts it over extra cover and the long-off fielder gets across to keep it down to a brace
19.2
J Mendis to Du Plessis, no run, keeps a bit low and Faf adjusts well to stab it into the off-side
19.1
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, fifty for Amla. Second in the tournament. This has been his most fluent knock in this World Cup. Now needs to carry on and get South Africa over the line. Flighted outside off, driven away to sweeper cover
18.6
Udana to Amla, 1 run, good length ball on off-stump, Amla stays put and dabs it to third man
18.5
Udana to Du Plessis, 1 run, offers width outside off and Faf crashes it square on the off-side, for a single
18.4
Udana to Amla, 1 run, short of length with a extra bounce, Amla gets on top of the bounce and steers it to third man
18.3
Udana to Du Plessis, 1 run, good length ball that straightens, Faf guides it off the outer half to third man
18.3
Udana to Du Plessis, wide, slower delivery and he loses his radar, way outside off and Faf is happy to collect an extra
18.2
Udana to Amla, 1 run, short and angling away outside off, Amla cracks the cut square of the wicket, just a single
18.1
Udana to Du Plessis, 1 run, good length ball around off, Faf checks his forward push and the ball goes wide of mid-on
17.6
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, floated up outside off, Faf kneels down and sweeps to deep mid-wicket
17.5
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, oh! Amla was caught in the crease. The ball spins across after pitching on leg-stump, Amla is stuck in no man's land and the outside edge saves him, the ball rolls towards backward point and he crosses over. Had it not been for the edge he would have been struck on the back pad in front of the stumps
17.4
J Mendis to Amla, no run, tosses it up outside off, Amla drives and picks out cover
17.3
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, on the shorter side and Faf is able to knock it from the crease to long-off
17.2
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, slider around off-stump, punched away to sweeper cover
17.1
J Mendis to Amla, no run, flighted on middle, Amla hangs back and turns it in front of mid-wicket
16.6
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 2 runs, sees the batsman advance and takes the pace off, Faf has to also reach out for it and he slices it over backward point, Thisara runs across and keeps it to a brace
16.5
Lakmal to Du Plessis, FOUR, that was a hit-me delivery from Lakmal. At his pace he tries to surprise Faf with a short ball, it just sits up and the South African skipper pulls it away in front of square with ease
16.4
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, fuller than a good length, Faf is reluctant to come forward, stays in the crease and bunts it into the off-side
16.3
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, fuller and outside off, Faf drives and finds his opposite number at cover
16.2
Lakmal to Amla, 1 run, picks the good length delivery from off-stump and works it past mid-wicket
16.1
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 1 run, back of a length outside off, punched in front of square and sweeper tidies up
16.1
Lakmal to Du Plessis, wide, 5  Sri Lanka cannot afford these. Lakmal sprays it down leg and Faf can't meet with the tickle, Perera flies to his left and overdoes, the ball goes right through his hands. Five runs gifted!
15.6
J Mendis to Amla, no run, tossed up outside off, Amla drives it back to Mendis
15.5
J Mendis to Amla, no run, flighted delivery down leg, Amla paddle-slaps it straight onto Mendis's pad. The 'keeper was smart enough to move across and keep his pads together, saved a certain boundary
15.4
J Mendis to Amla, no run, flatter delivery on middle, Amla flicks it straight to mid-wicket
15.3
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, very full delivery and Faf goes hard on the drive, jams it off the inside edge onto the pad and the ball rolls into the off-side
15.2
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, on the leg-stump line, swept backward of square leg, Malinga makes a half stop
15.1
J Mendis to Amla, no run, drifting on the pads, Amla tickles it to short fine, Faf is not interested in the single
14.6
Lakmal to Amla, 1 run, short of length delivery and Amla is in complete control of the pull, single to deep square leg
14.5
Lakmal to Amla, FOUR, wow! That is superb piece of timing. Nothing much wrong with the delivery. Fraction short and outside off, Amla opens the bat face and directs it behind point, Thisara tried to get there from third man but the timing didn't allow him to
14.4
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 1 run, short ball and that rushes onto Faf, he is late on the pull shot and the ball strikes him on the glove, rolls into the leg-side and the duo scamper across for a quick single
14.3
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, on a length and outside off, Faf keeps his bat close and defends
14.2
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, smart bowling. Faf gave the charge and Lakmal dragged the length back, he also got the ball to deviate away and beat the outside edge
14.1
Lakmal to Amla, 1 run, back of a length outside off, dabbed to backward point and de Silva flies to his left to get a hand, not enough to stop the batsmen from crossing over
13.6
J Mendis to Du Plessis, no run, loopy ball on the sticks and has been blocked out into the on-side
13.5
J Mendis to Du Plessis, no run, knocks the ball out into the on-side
13.4
J Mendis to Du Plessis, no run, was that a googly? Might have been some side spin. The batter got it off the inner half of the bat into the on-side
13.3
J Mendis to Amla, 1 run, tossed up delivery and has been on-driven down to long-on for a single
13.3
J Mendis to Amla, wide, flatter down leg and Amla misses the tuck, has been wided
13.2
J Mendis to Du Plessis, 1 run, drives with the turn and gets it to deep cover for a single
13.1
J Mendis to Du Plessis, no run, flighted ball and has been pushed back to the bowler
12.6
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 1 run, slower delivery wide outside off. Du Plessis reaches out for it and drives. He found mid-off and still wanted to go through for a single. No direct hit from mid-off by Malinga and the single was taken. I think he was in even if it would have been a direct hit
12.5
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, length delivery at the sticks and has been pushed back down the deck
12.4
Lakmal to Amla, 1 run, might have been off the gloves on the missed tuck and they get a single into the on-side
12.3
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 1 run, and creams the drive into the covers again! This time there is a fielder in the deep and they get a single to deep cover
12.2
Lakmal to Du Plessis, FOUR, no one at deep cover and Faf stepped out to launch the ball over covers. The bat face twirled a bit on impact but he had enough on it for a one bounce four. SA showing positive intent. Little too late in the tourney
12.1
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, on a length outside off and has been pushed out into the off-side
11.6
Perera to Amla, no run, on a length just outside off and has been pushed out to point
11.5
Perera to Amla, no run, on a length and at the sticks, Amla stays back and pushes it out into the off-side
11.4
Perera to Du Plessis, 1 run, slightly shortish and has been chopped out to cover for a single
11.3
Perera to Amla, 1 run, drives the ball through the covers for a single
11.2
Perera to Amla, 2 runs, that is bizarre! Lifts the ball over mid-off and almost stood and watched the shot to admire it. But the ball got stuck on the grass after landing. They take a brace. Was a superb shot as he got under the length and lofted it really well
11.1
Perera to Amla, no run, off the inner part of the bat and the man at mid-wicket dives to stop it
10.6
Lakmal to Amla, 1 run, back of a length delivery and has been punched on the up into the covers for a single
10.5
Lakmal to Amla, 2 runs, shortish delivery outside off and was slashed past point. The man at deep cover cuts it off to his left. Two more
10.4
Lakmal to Amla, no run, on a length outside off and Amla lets it go
10.3
Lakmal to Amla, no run, fuller delivery and has been mistimed on the up to find mid-off. That was off the inner half of the bat
10.2
Lakmal to Amla, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been patted out into the off-side
10.1
Lakmal to Amla, 2 runs, off the pads and has been tucked away! That was an easy brace
9.6
Perera to Du Plessis, FOUR, chips down and drives! Aerial shot but it went past cover for a four. He wasn't in full control of that as he sliced it to an extent. Good Powerplay for SA. 1000 runs for Amla in England in ODIs
9.5
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, on a length and has been patted out into the off-side
9.4
Perera to Amla, 1 run, stabs the ball down and gets it to deep third man for a single
9.3
Perera to Amla, FOUR, short, wide, cut away! Bad ball and put away by Amla. Vintage Amla. Stayed on the back foot and timed the cut to perfection
9.2
Perera to Amla, no run, defends it out nicely
9.1
Perera to Amla, 2 runs, stands up tall and punches it on the up! The ball escapes between point and cover point for a double
8.6
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, stays behind the line of the ball and pushes it out into the deck
8.5
Malinga to Du Plessis, 2 runs, uses the pace of the bowler outside off and dabs it out. Lakmal at deep third man put in the dive and has managed to stop it. Third umpire had a look and decided that Lakmal indeed had done well. The fielder's body did touch the cushion but the ball wasn't in contact then
8.4
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, slower delivery and Du Plessis just taps the ball out into the off-side with soft hands. Wants a single but was sent back
8.3
Malinga to Amla, 1 run, stabs the ball down and gets it down to third man for a single
8.2
Malinga to Amla, no run, on a length outside off and Amla lets it go. That landed well short of the keeper. Poor carry on it
8.2
Malinga to Amla, wide, shortish delivery down leg and Amla lets it go. Wided
8.1
Malinga to Amla, 2 runs, slower, fuller delivery and has been clipped off the pads for a double. That was nicely done
7.6
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, full delivery and has been driven back to the bowler! That hit the bowler's hand and hit the sticks but Amla was well inside the crease
7.5
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, clips the ball off the pads and finds the man at mid-wicket. That was timed really well
7.4
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, on a length outside off, Du Plessis stabs the ball out with soft hands into the off-side
7.3
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, on a length outside off and has been stabbed out into the off-side
7.2
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery and has been stabbed out to the man at point
7.1
Perera to Du Plessis, no run, length delivery and has been punched on the up! Finds the man at cover
6.6
Malinga to Amla, no run, length delivery and has been pushed out to point
6.5
Malinga to Amla, no run, full and swinging away, Amla goes for the drive to miss out. That was closer to the outer edge
6.4
Malinga to Amla, no run, fuller ball and has been patted out into the off-side
6.3
Malinga to Du Plessis, 1 run, short delivery outside off and has been stabbed out to third man for a single
6.2
Malinga to Amla, 1 run, short ball, Amla gets on top of the ball and pulls it down to deep square leg for a single
6.1
Malinga to Amla, no run, on a length and has been punched on the up, finds mid-on
5.6
Lakmal to Du Plessis, 2 runs, on the pads and has been knocked away off the pads for a couple. Two more
5.5
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, on a length and has been punched to mid-on
5.4
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, fuller outside off and has been pushed out into the mid-off region
5.3
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and was punched off the back foot! The man at cover dives to his left and stops it
5.2
Lakmal to Du Plessis, no run, gets a little squared up and the ball goes off the outer-edge into the off-side
5.1
Lakmal to Amla, leg byes, 1 run, on the pads, Amla looks to clip it away and misses. That went off the pads and dribbled out into the on-side for a leg-bye
4.6
Malinga to Du Plessis, no run, fuller delivery outside off and has been pushed out into the covers
4.5
Malinga to De Kock, out Bowled!! QDK's poor run at the tourney continues. That was right up there and De Kock missed the line of the ball as it tailed in late. He was slightly late on it as well and the ball escaped the little gap between bat and pad to crash low into the sticks. Big wicket. And this man Malinga does it again wkt (1-31) min (16m). De Kock b Malinga 15(16) [4s-3]
4.4
Malinga to De Kock, no run, shortish delivery and has been mistimed into the on-side. De Kock was a little late on it and the ball bobbled away to square leg
4.3
Malinga to Amla, 3 runs, pitched up delivery on the pads and has been clipped away between mid-wicket and mid-on. Three more this time. Malinga has been poor with the new ball. Not looking good for SL
4.2
Malinga to Amla, no run, on a length again and has been pushed out into the off-side
4.1
Malinga to Amla, no run, shortish delivery outside off and Amla looks to cut, mistimes it into the off-side. That never bounced a lot
3.6
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, flatter delivery on the sticks and has been defended into the deck
3.5
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, FOUR, shortish delivery outside off and has been chopped out past slip for a four. Just used the pace of the bowler
3.4
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, inside edges the ball away into the on-side
3.3
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, FOUR, goes inside out! That was tossed up and De Kock drove through covers for a four
3.2
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, flatter ball and has been pushed to cover
3.1
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, delivery at the sticks and has been defended into the deck
2.6
Malinga to Amla, no run, back to the corridor outside off and Amla is more than happy to let it go
2.5
Malinga to Amla, FOUR, on the pads and has been clipped away! SA are off to a good start. That was a bad ball and put away easily. There was no in the deep at mid-wicket
2.4
Malinga to Amla, no run, good length delivery outside off and has been left alone
2.4
Malinga to Amla, wide, length delivery too wide! Amla throws his bat at it and misses. Has been wided as it was too wide. The ball went low into the gloves
2.3
Malinga to Amla, no run, on a length outside off and Amla goes for a tame poke! Misses and has been beaten outside off
2.2
Malinga to De Kock, 1 run, slower delivery outside off and has been steered to deep third man for a single
2.1
Malinga to De Kock, FOUR, pitched up delivery and has been driven down the ground! Leant into it, not much, but enough weight into the drive and the ball sped past the sticks at the other end for a four
1.6
Dhananjaya de Silva to Amla, no run, a soft leading edge and it goes back to the bowler as Amla jumped out of his crease
1.5
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, 1 run, a meek push and it runs away to long-off for a single
1.4
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, looks to close the face of the bat and ends up tapping it down into the on-side
1.3
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, arrows in a flatter ball and has been nudged out into the deck
1.2
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, another flatter delivery outside off and has been stabbed out into the off-side
1.1
Dhananjaya de Silva to De Kock, no run, flatter ball and has been pushed back to the bowler
0.6
Malinga to Amla, no run, length delivery dangling away and Amla pokes at it to be beaten. That seamed away late and Amla ended up pushing at it
0.5
Malinga to Amla, FOUR, on to the pads and clipped away to deep mid for a four. That was a bad ball on the pads and was put away
0.4
Malinga to Amla, FOUR, length delivery and has been stroked into the covers for a four! Beautifully leant into it and got it into the covers for a four
0.3
Malinga to Amla, no run, on a length outside off and has been defended into the off-side
0.2
Malinga to Amla, no run, length delivery outside off and has been left alone
0.1
Malinga to De Kock, 1 run, little jag into the batter and has been stabbed down to third man for a single. SA and QDK are off the mark
Commentary
Jean-Paul Duminy,Amla, Imran Tahir,Fafdu Plessis, Chris Morris,De Kock, Dwaine Pretorius, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Kagiso Rabada, Andile Phehlukwayo
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Avishka Fernando,J Mendis,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
