49.1
Ferguson to Sarfaraz, FOUR, a high full toss has been massaged through cover-point and that's that! Pakistan hang on, and they hand New Zealand their first defeat of the tournament. Oh, England look away. This win just opens up a lot of probabilities and tournament is wide open for now. As soon as Sarfaraz hit this, he had composed, determined look on his face and he quickly locks Babar Azam in his arms. Keeps tapping him on his shoulder and that should tell you what this victory means for him and Pakistan
48.6
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, sigh! No get away and they want to take it to the last over. Babar Azam tucks the length ball to mid-wicket, no dice
48.5
Matt Henry to Sarfaraz, 1 run, scores level! Sarfaraz drops this with soft hands on the leg-side and there's no hara-kiri for the single this time
48.4
Matt Henry to Sarfaraz, no run, another run-out? Surely not. Sarfaraz dabs this to Guptill at backward point and thinks of a quick single, Babar Azam sends him back
48.3
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, out Haris Sohail Run Out!! Needless from Pakistan and Haris Sohail. Sees his partner drop the ball on the off-side and rushes across for a quick single, Guptill's very alert at backward point and he nearly pulls off a Jonty to catch Sohail well short of his crease. The ball barely moved past the stumps and Guptill put in a headfirst dive to disturb the woodwork on the move. Terrific wkt (4-236) min (98m). Haris Sohail run out (Guptill) 68(76) [4s-5 6s-2]
48.2
Matt Henry to Haris Sohail, 1 run, a hit-me dart on the pads, Haris Sohail hops and helps it down to fine leg
48.1
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, 1 run, short of length outside off, pulled away to deep mid-wicket
47.6
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, no run, moves across in an attempt to pull, but Ferguson denied pace on the short ball and all Haris Sohail could manage was a slice of thin air
47.5
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, lots of width outside off and Haris Sohail lifts the drive in the gap through cover. It was a high full toss, the batsman was backing away expecting a bouncer, hit that with one hand. Easy two. Just one hit away
47.5
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, wide, bumper following the batsman as he makes room, Haris Sohail swings and misses. Too high
47.4
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, no run, oh hit on the helmet. Haris hopped and tried to half-pull this short ball, misses and it hits him on the grille
47.3
Ferguson to Babar Azam, 1 run, a huge roar from Babar Azam as he brings up his maiden World Cup hundred! He is the second youngest to score a ton for Pakistan in World Cups. What.A.Legend. Cuts this square and puts his dominant (right) hand up to soak in all the never-ending applause from the Edgbaston crowd. Pakistan dressing room rise as one to applaud what has been one of the best knocks in this tournament. Babar Azam completes the formalities and hugs his partner in delight. An innings of class from Babar Azam, never looked in trouble and anchored this chase with near-perfection...
47.2
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, makes room and drills the full ball to mid-off, over to you Babar...
47.1
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, FOUR, Haris Sohail is making batting look so easy! He stays deep inside the crease, opens up the off-side with a superbly-timed steer behind point
46.6
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, its getting more tense now! Gets a 141ks full pitcher outside off, Babar Azam seemed to have clobbered the drive but only if he placed it a few yards either side of that cover fielder
46.5
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, 137ks good length curving back in towards off, Babar Azam hops and can't lay bat on the tuck/flick. Hit high on the pad and he is not happy with himself. A yell of frustration follows...
46.4
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, ah, the nervous 90s! Looks to drive a full away swinger and misses the edge by a fair distance. A lazy waft that from Babar Azam
46.3
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, and the wave (noise) dips! Babar Azam cuts but can't time it past backward point
46.2
Boult to Haris Sohail, 1 run, moves across to the off-side and pulls one-legged to the right of deep backward square
46.1
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, good length on off-stump, Haris Sohail blocks it under his eyes
45.6
Ferguson to Babar Azam, FOUR, just one away! Babar Azam is ready on the back foot for he knew what was coming? A short ball outside his off-stump and it's been pulled mercilessly through mid-wicket
45.5
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, gets hurried by the short ball and plays the look-away-pull-shot on the swivel towards deep square
45.5
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, wide, is that too high? Yep. Ferguson goes round the wicket and pounds the short ball outside off, Haris Sohail backs away and lets it go
45.4
Ferguson to Babar Azam, 1 run, arches back and ramps the short ball wide of square third man
45.3
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, nails the yorker in the blockhole around leg-stump, Haris Sohail backs away and jams it into the off-side for a quick single
45.2
Ferguson to Babar Azam, 1 run, too full outside off, Babar Azam crouches and squeezes it to the right of third man
45.1
Ferguson to Babar Azam, no run, slower back of a length delivery outside off, Babar Azam tries to dab it down to third man but was early into the stroke and missed it by some distance
44.6
Boult to Haris Sohail, FOUR, and that grin is because he knows he can play shots like these. Poses for the shutterbugs after leaning into a lofty drive over mid-off, gets a pitch up outside off and pounces on it in a flash
44.5
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, gets a slower bumper outside off, Haris Sohail has a grin after restraining his pull on the back foot
44.4
Boult to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, now square on the leg-side. Clipped away off the hip and the partnership between the duo goes past 100
44.3
Boult to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, back-to-back fifties for Haris Sohail! Seals his spot in the side in some style. Flashes at the width outside off and nearly earns a boundary square on the off-side, a sliding stop by Neesham in the deep
44.2
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, no feet from Haris Sohail and this is something he will have to work on in the long run. Just pokes at a good length cherry outside off and misses the edge by a whisker
44.1
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, bowls this on a good length and gets it to swerve away late in the channel, squares Haris Sohail up and beats him on the outside edge
43.6
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, gets no room on the either side and Babar Azam respects it with a straight bat tap at the bowler
43.5
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, this one grips and holds a fraction at the batsman, Babar Azam stays back and drop it dead into the leg-side
43.4
Santner to Babar Azam, 2 runs, another arm ball and Babar Azam seems to have second-guessed Santner here. Puts his weight on the back foot and swivels into the pull through mid-wicket
43.3
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, slider on the pads, Babar Azam opens the bat face and pushes it towards backward point
43.2
Santner to Haris Sohail, 1 run, this one spun sharply from a length and Haris Sohail played it at the last possible instant. Went deep inside the crease and just massaged the ball into the off-side
43.1
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, waits on his back foot and works the ball into the leg-side
42.6
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, Babar Azam is not happy one bit. This should have been a wide' he feels. It was fuller and angling away across the tramline outside off, Babar Azam did shuffle back but don't think he moved too much across. A harsh call, perhaps, from umpire Paul Reiffel
42.5
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, hurls it in the fifth stump channel once again, Babar Azam is content to see that off with soft hands
42.4
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, tightens his line around off and forces a crease-bound defence from Babar Azam
42.3
Boult to Babar Azam, 2 runs, and when he plays drives like these, the vocal chords just hit the roof! Weight on the front foot, still head and timing. Sheer class from Babar Azam as he places this drive through extra cover
42.2
Boult to Haris Sohail, 1 run, full and darting at the toes, Haris Sohail flicks crisply to the left of deep square
42.1
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, punched back to the bowler off a shuffle across
41.6
Santner to Haris Sohail, 1 run, flicked away off the pads to deep square
41.5
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, Babar Azam brings up Pakistan's 200 with a well-timed punch through extra cover
41.4
Santner to Haris Sohail, 1 run, flat and fast outside off, Haris Sohail hangs back and opens the face to steer it square on the off-side
41.3
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, and he smartly opts for a tap-and-run single on the off-side
41.2
Santner to Babar Azam, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Babar Azam! Quickly gets into position for the sweep shot, picks the line and slots this (slogsweep) more squarer than the previous one
41.1
Santner to Babar Azam, FOUR, targets the short boundary does Babar Azam! Stoops to one knee, sees the ball dip under his eyes and hammers the slogsweep into the cow corner fence
40.6
Boult to Haris Sohail, FOUR, deft touch from Haris Sohail, a deliberate one at that!
40.5
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, 131ks good length outside off, cut away to backward point
40.4
Boult to Babar Azam, 1 run, 141ks bouncer at the body, Babar Azam wasn't in control of the pull, but he got enough bat on that to drag the stroke through mid-wicket
40.3
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, pitches this up at 141ks outside off, Babar Azam thumps the flashy drive but cannot get it past Santner at cover
40.2
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, 137ks back of a length slanting away across off, Babar Azam gets across and fends it off near his feet
40.1
Boult to Haris Sohail, 1 run, no they can't. Certainly not at this moment. Haris Sohail gets ample width outside off to steer a yawning single square on the off-side
39.6
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, blocked off the back foot from the crease and that's one more over of spin done. Pakistan will feel massively relieved
39.5
Santner to Babar Azam, 2 runs, a rare blip from Guptill, concedes two runs. Should have been a dot ball this after Babar Azam came down and drove it straight to him at cover, wasn't to be
39.4
Santner to Haris Sohail, 1 run, opens the bat face and forces this through the point region
39.3
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, this one spun from outside off and went past Haris Sohail's pads. Tried to flick but no dice, a more smarter approach from Latham would have had Sohail there. Lifted his back foot for a fleeting moment, but then...
39.2
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, flatter outside off, flicked away straight to square leg
39.1
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, slider on middle and leg, Babar Azam stays leg-side of the delivery and eases the drive straight of long-off
38.6
Williamson to Haris Sohail, FOUR, stuff of class and quality from Haris Sohail! Sees the full ball dip outside off and he drills it in the vacant spaces through extra cover
38.5
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, nice loopy offbreak around off, Haris Sohail ain't lured by the flight, just sits forward in defence
38.4
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, floated up outside off, wristed away to deep square
38.3
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fraction short just outside off, Haris Sohail lets the ball spin and closes the bat face to manoeuvre it into the leg-side. Easy single through mid-wicket
38.2
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, too short and Babar Azam's smacked that pull straight to the man at deep square
38.1
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, flat on middle, Babar Azam sits on one knee and sweeps it straight to short fine
37.6
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, unveils the pacy bumper outside off, nothing doing from Haris Sohail
37.5
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, on a length around off, blocked back down the pitch
37.4
Boult to Haris Sohail, SIX, gee, the swagger this lad has. Where have you been hiding Haris Sohail? Sees Boult overpitch this by a fraction and the next thing the spectators see is the ball flying over the bowler for a crunchy maxium. Straight as a die!
37.3
Boult to Haris Sohail, no run, 139ks back of a length outside off, punched away in front of cover
37.2
Boult to Babar Azam, 1 run, goes round the wicket to Babar Azam and bowls it fuller around off-stump, clipped away towards fine leg
37.1
Boult to Haris Sohail, 1 run, dug in short but there's no pace and therefore, Haris Sohail hops and tucks it off his hip through square leg
36.6
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, tossed up outside off, Babar Azam leans across and offers a dead bat
36.5
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, too short and wide of off, Haris Sohail camps back and flat-bats the drive wide of mid-off
36.4
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, full around off, nudged away to backward square
36.3
Williamson to Babar Azam, FOUR, drag down and this one isn't spared either. Babar Azam uses the crease to transfer his weight back and absolutely nails the pull behind square on the leg-side
36.2
Williamson to Babar Azam, FOUR, that's the class of Babar Azam talking! There's no-one at long-off and he decides to take the risk; saunters down and slams the loft off the cue end, trickles away....
36.1
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, short and flat outside off, Babar Azam pulls but can't get it past Guppy at mid-wicket
35.6
Munro to Babar Azam, 1 run, too full and Babar Azam will pick those all day ong, eases a drive through cover and will keep strike
35.5
Munro to Babar Azam, no run, 108ks full delivery outside off, Babar Azam prods forward and sends the drive back to the bowler
35.5
Munro to Babar Azam, wide, takes the pace off and bowls it well wide of off-stump. Time for a reload!
35.4
Munro to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fullish around middle and leg, Haris Sohail drives straight and gets it wide of long-on
35.3
Munro to Babar Azam, 1 run, and like Williamson he dabs a smart single wide of short third
35.2
Munro to Babar Azam, FOUR, this (Munro) experiment could end very soon. Babar Azam picks the bones out of a full delivery and hammers the drive in the gap through extra cover. Timed!
35.1
Munro to Haris Sohail, 1 run, a gentle dart on the pads, allows Haris Sohail to sit back and help it away square on the leg-side
34.6
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slower through the air and a hint of away spin around off, Haris Sohail clears his front leg and forces the ball into the mid-wicket pocket
34.5
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, tosses it full but gets very little spin outside off, Haris Sohail checks his drive on front of cover
34.4
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, full and flat outside off, Babar Azam shuffles forward and across to whip the drive wide of long-on
34.3
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, half-tracker on the stumps, Babar Azam swivels and drags the pull straight to square leg
34.2
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slower and spinning away, Haris Sohail backs away and stays leg-side of the delivery before slapping it away through covers
34.1
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, skates down the pitch and pushes the fuller delivery into the off-side
33.6
Ferguson to Babar Azam, no run, does him with pace. 144ks hooping in from wide of the crease, Babar Azam tries to work it into the leg-side, but was late in bringing his bat down. Result? A firm clonk on his thigh pad
33.5
Ferguson to Babar Azam, no run, here comes the effort delivery. 146ks bumper on the stumps, Babar Azam isn't having any of that. Sways away from the line of fire
33.4
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, similar pace and similar channels, Haris Sohail stays beside the line and runs it square of third man
33.3
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, no run, 142ks, short and wide of Haris Sohail's off-stump, he hops and dabs gently into the off-side
33.2
Ferguson to Babar Azam, 1 run, there's pace - 141ks - and there's width, so Babar Azam leans across his front foot and nails the biff drive to deep cover
33.1
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, 144ks, short of length wide of off, Haris Sohail rides the bounce and presents an open face to guide a single fine of third man
32.6
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, leans, and whips, straight to mid-wicket
32.5
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, full on off, sliced wide of point
32.4
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, forward in defence, to skew the outside half to point
32.3
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, on the sweep now, dragging it from well outside off into fine leg
32.2
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, falls over a touch outside off as he flicks it down to long-on
32.1
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, leg-lined. Sohail does the forward-back stuff in tucking it in front of square
31.6
Ferguson to Babar Azam, no run, 142kph, flows through the line in this delightful cover drive. Santner at extra cover is a fortress in itself
31.5
Ferguson to Babar Azam, no run, 146kph, full, top of off, head-on-ball defence
31.4
Ferguson to Babar Azam, 2 runs, 145kph, swivels at first, and then crouches as he pulls it into mid-wicket. Azam does drop his bat while turning back for the second, but no, none of that is denying him, or Pakistan, that
31.3
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, 141kph, length, tight on off. Sohail stays behind it, stroking it out to cover
31.2
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, no run, 140kph, wobbly-seamed on a good length, fizzing past Sohail's defence in front of his body
31.2
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, wide, slipping down leg, so much so that Latham needs to dive to take this
31.1
Ferguson to Haris Sohail, no run, 140kph, full on off. Just the defensive drive back down the pitch
30.6
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, drifting into the toes with lots and lots of flight, clipped away through square leg
30.5
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, too full to cut. But Sohail will try, and fail
30.4
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, fuller, allowing Sohail to reach out to it in dead-batting
30.3
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, beats him. Drawn out to defend, and then once again having it rip past
30.2
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, opens up his bat face in steering it softly in front of point for a quick single
30.2
Williamson to Babar Azam, wide, pitching on off, and then spinning down leg past the attempted flick
30.1
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, short, spinning away outside off, carved away backward of point
29.6
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, and he defends with a tap away to cover
29.5
Santner to Haris Sohail, 1 run, now stays rooted in the crease with hard quick hands in whipping it away through mid-wicket
29.4
Santner to Haris Sohail, SIX, when you're eventually going to die blocking, you'd rather smack a few before. Sohail - with the ghosts of the earlier over still fresh - now runs bravely down the pitch, swings and hoicks it long into long-on
29.3
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, drives for the turn, but no, it's the arm ball going straight on, squirting off the inside of the splice, just past the stumps, behind square
29.2
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, covers the line well, closing his bat in turning it to leg
29.1
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, forward, tries getting to the pitch of it, only to find himself getting squared up as it skews away off the outside edge to second slip. To Babar's credit, he's been playing these softly
28.6
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, another wafty drive away from his body, and another play and a miss
28.5
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, low dipping full toss, sliced away to cover
28.4
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, and beaten bigger. Sohail is now enticed to the extent of wanting to go inside-out over extra cover, but it will rip past bigger
28.3
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, beaten. Draws Sohail forward, only to straighten past
28.2
Williamson to Haris Sohail, FOUR, a simpler drag down, and Sohail finally has a let off. Goes away and delays his cut perfectly, slmost slicing it away past slip
28.1
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, full on the stumps, toe-ended back down the pitch
27.6
Santner to Haris Sohail, 1 run, flatter, glanced away into mid-wicket
27.5
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, more sharp turn back in, and smoehow, seriously without even Sohail knowing how, he's kept this out
27.4
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, sticks out an opened up bat face, pushing it away awkwardly
27.3
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, steps out, misses the flick and the keeper too is fooled by the deflection off his thigh pad that then ricochets to slip. Another appeal, another deny
27.2
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, stays rooted to his back foot, somehow gets behind it in defence
27.1
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, half an appeal. It cuts in off the pitch, beats Sohail big time on the inside edge and then pops up off the pad to slip. But no, no bat
26.6
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, inside-edge, popping up off the pads and falling into no man's silly point
26.5
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, slightly short, swatted powerfully, but straight to square leg
26.4
Williamson to Babar Azam, no run, shuffles across, perfectly in forward smother
26.3
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, backing away, freeing up his hands and carving it through point
26.2
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, spins in sharply as Azam also shuffles and then tucks it away down to fine leg. Also, he has a personal fifty -- #15
26.1
Williamson to Haris Sohail, 1 run, moves away, slicing it through sweeper
25.6
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, more on middle, Azam has a straight-batted stroke back to Santner
25.5
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, good forward stride, blocked on its head
25.4
Santner to Haris Sohail, 1 run, good feet use, coming down the pitch, negating that rough and flicking it down to long-on
25.3
Santner to Haris Sohail, no run, spitting in from the rough outside the left-hander's off-stump. Sohail shuffles, with the ball spinning in big and pinning him on the pads
25.2
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, another, almost!. An innocuous half-tracker and Babar pulls with no control. Also the ball just doesn't come on, with him early into the shot to top-edge - ballooning just short of Munro running in from deep square leg
25.1
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, middle-lined, Azam covers it well in a block
24.6
Williamson to Haris Sohail, no run, full toss, knocked away to mid-on
24.5
Williamson to Hafeez, out Caught by Ferguson!! And Hafeez - like he's done through a majority of his career - has thrown away yet another start in the unnecessary quest to up the ante. Oh and with Pakistan's wretched chasing history, he could just as well have triggered this collapse. So he steps out, not really close to the pitch of it but still goes through with a lofted hoick hoping to go over deep mid-wicket. But ends up dragging it off the inside half eventually, with the fielder out there having to crouch forward. Finch, Markram and now Williamson, Hafeez and his list of cheap wickets is only getting longer wkt (3-110) min (70m). Hafeez c Ferguson b Williamson 32(50) [4s-5]
24.4
Williamson to Hafeez, no run, goes reverse-sweeping, swiping his bat all over the ball. Luckily for him, he'd taken his front leg outside the line of off
24.3
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, driven firmly and straight to cover, where Santner dives all over it, without real reason
24.2
Williamson to Hafeez, 3 runs, slices it outside off, doing well to guide it backward of point. Munro, sweeping at third man does really well in his sliding tackle
24.1
Williamson to Babar Azam, 1 run, lots of loop outside off, squeezed away through point
23.6
Santner to Hafeez, no run, back, away, letting the ball spin to then tap it into the covers
23.5
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, good forward press to the pitch of it to then cream through the covers
23.4
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, oops, drifts it down leg in the quest to get a touch too greedy. Azam though finds square leg with his tickle
23.3
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, quick slider in with the arm. Azam's waiting behind this carefully to keep it out
23.2
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, drifting in from wide of the crease into off, which Azam's right to the pitch of in defence
23.1
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, back, across and then solid in defence behind it
22.6
Neesham to Hafeez, FOUR, 137kph, squares him up, draws the edge but then with nobody at slip, has to make his peace with 13 off this over. It was a good nipper away, but no, it's a rough game for a reason
22.5
Neesham to Babar Azam, 1 run, 129kph, short again, but doesn't come on as Azam'd expected it to for his cut, dragging off the inside half in front of cover. Pakistan = 100
22.4
Neesham to Babar Azam, FOUR, 130kph, the short one goes wrong -- sitting up rather nicely around the chest for Babar to then go right up tall and swat it hard into cow corner
22.4
Neesham to Babar Azam, wide, strays onto the legs and the angle then takes it further down
22.3
Neesham to Babar Azam, no run, 137kph, too full on off. Driven crunchily off the front foot to cover
22.2
Neesham to Babar Azam, 2 runs, neat late steer, using all of Neesham's pace, but third man's good to cut it off
22.1
Neesham to Hafeez, 1 run, some width to cut away to a fumbling point
21.6
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, presses forward in then pushing it to cover
21.5
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, dropped. It's a spitting cobra off the pitch with Santner extracting big bounce off the pitch to get big on Azam as he does his best to defend. Nah, only a big fat chunk on the splice for Latham - the keeper - to put down. Well, well, surely the last man you'd want to give a life to is Babar!
21.4
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, sticks his front pad outside off to kick it away with the spin to slip
21.3
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, serious mother of peaches. Draws Azam forward, only to then beat him comprehensively on the outside edge
21.2
Santner to Babar Azam, 2 runs, pushed through quicker in the air, draws a thick outside half in the attempted dab to point to then run wide of slip
21.1
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, tossed up on middle, the big-forward-strided smother
20.6
Neesham to Babar Azam, 1 run, and once again a slip on the legs to let off the hook. Glanced away behind square
20.5
Neesham to Babar Azam, no run, 128kph, short, sitting up outside off but then just not coming onto the bat. Babar once again is early into his shot - pull this time - dragging it off the toe-end to mid-wicket's right
20.4
Neesham to Hafeez, 1 run, 135kph, leg-lined, clipped wristily into mid-wicket
20.3
Neesham to Hafeez, no run, 136kph, squared up as he tries riding the bounce, with a hint of a leading edge in the end to keep it down the pitch
20.2
Neesham to Hafeez, no run, 138kph, length, just outside off, and Hafeez's hopping across in covering his stumps as he shoulders arms
20.1
Neesham to Babar Azam, 1 run, straying into the pads, easily tickled away round the corner
19.6
Santner to Hafeez, no run, more back-footed-ness and more of the half-hearted pokes outside off and more of the fully-beatens
19.5
Santner to Hafeez, no run, a touch fuller with a hint of skid on. One of the simpler keep-outs
19.4
Santner to Hafeez, no run, yea, more of the day five minefield evidence. Pitches on leg and then rips square to end up outside off. Hafeez's hanging his bat out to dry in the midst of all this
19.3
Santner to Hafeez, no run, cramped cut, nearly, nearly, chopping it onto his stumps
19.2
Santner to Hafeez, no run, a tad fuller on the stumps. Hafeez presses forward in pushing it out
19.1
Santner to Hafeez, 2 runs, stays on the back foot in waiting for the ball to turn across him before stabbing it behind point. Azam didn't really want the second, but when a senior calls, you better listen. Also, the throw from the deep's at the wrong end
18.6
Neesham to Babar Azam, FOUR, and Neesham releases the plug. Short, wide, slap-worthy, and obliged, powerfully with a cut right through an empty point
18.5
Neesham to Babar Azam, no run, 134kph, knocked softly, almost checking it as he tries to adjust to the lack of pace on this. Down the ground and mid-on will cut off all the half hopes of a quick single
18.4
Neesham to Babar Azam, no run, hmmmm. Well, even Azam on not-his-day can get ugly. A subtle off-cutter just outside off which Babar tries to stab at without an iota of his feet moving around. Yes, beaten, obviously
18.3
Neesham to Babar Azam, no run, 134kph, military medium on off. Azam has a good forward stride to cover the movement back in, bat stuck somewhere around in defence
18.2
Neesham to Babar Azam, no run, 133kph, back of a length, fifth-stumped, carved, point
18.1
Neesham to Babar Azam, no run, 133kph, full on off, Azam's drive can't get under, squeezing it back down the pitch eventually
17.6
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, tries going with the angle now in the hope of nurdling it around the corner, but no, once again the ball will rip, take the leading edge, and run past slip
17.5
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, beaten, once again thanks to big turn. Oh it's Day 5 in an alternate universe. Azam will waft, Azam will get beaten
17.4
Santner to Hafeez, 1 run, covers the angle well, tucking it into mid-wicket
17.3
Santner to Hafeez, no run, more grip outside off with some sharp turn away. Hafeez has an awkward jab, poking it to point
17.2
Santner to Babar Azam, 1 run, a polite punch wide of mid-off, and typically, quietly, Babar Azam gets to 3K ODI runs -- the fastest to get there after the mighty Hash
17.1
Santner to Babar Azam, no run, the ripper of starts. Literally. Santner has tossed this up and has gotten this to drift in, poor Azam has a compulsive flirt away from his body .. only for it to then grip and whizz past
16.6
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, tight back of a length, Hafeez rides it off his back foot in bunting it out to cover
16.5
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, edges, but just short. Hafeez now HAS to play at this length delivery coming in, but does it softly to ensure his outside edge dies short of slip
16.5
Ferguson to Hafeez, wide, the desperate bouncer gets too short -- and Hafeez isn't tall either
16.4
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, beaten big. Ferguson wobbles it on a back of a length, getting it to then straighten off the pitch after initially angling in. Hafeez has a poke, luckily all of it inside the line
16.3
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, 142kph, pitched up on off. A rather mistimed pushy defence
16.2
Ferguson to Babar Azam, 1 run, back of a length again, but cramping him up for room with the nip back in. The square punch this time is more of a run down to third man
16.1
Ferguson to Babar Azam, FOUR, that's some timing. Azam, waiting all through drinks as Hafeez was upstairs having a leak, is having some anti-momentum in him .. unleashing the perfect point-punch, holding his pose with those high elbows as he waits for the ball to come close and then place it behind the already backward point
15.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Hafeez, FOUR, Colinde Grandhomme errs and Hafeez takes heavy toll of it. Harmless short-and-wide ball, Hafeez stays back and cuts it past the backward point fielder
15.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Hafeez, no run, similar length, Hafeez gets forward and blocks it to backward point with an opened bat-face
15.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Hafeez, no run, full and angled in on middle, Hafeez walks across and works it to mid-wicket
15.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Hafeez, no run, fullish ball, Hafeez gets forward and blocks into the off-side
15.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Babar Azam, 1 run, fuller and straighter, clipped away to deep mid-wicket
15.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Babar Azam, 2 runs, deft! Short of a good length ball marginally outside off, Babar Azam opens his bat-face at the very last moment and dabs it past the keeper (who is up to the sticks). Easy two
14.6
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, shortish ball, Hafeez hops to get on top of it and drops it into the off-side
14.5
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, nasty delivery! A fiery bumper at 142kph and Hafeez is late on the pull shot. It kept coming in with the angle and cramped the batsman for room. Bounced more and hit flush on the helmet grille! Hafeez is fine to resume
14.4
Ferguson to Hafeez, FOUR, controlled pull shot! Shortish ball that doesn't bounce as much as Ferguson would liked it to. Hafeez rolls his wrists and plays a swivel pull backward of square leg
14.3
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, yorker length outside off, squeezed out to backward point
14.2
Ferguson to Hafeez, FOUR, good shot! Ferguson shortens his length and serves width at 147kph. Hafeez need not over-hit. Rocks back and uses the bowler's pace to good effect as he punches it through point
14.1
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, another play-and-miss! Wasn't far away from the outside edge, was mighty close to the off-stump too. In-angling length ball at 142kph and Hafeez played inside the line of it. The ball straightened a touch to beat the outside nick
13.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Babar Azam, 2 runs, fuller than a good length ball, Babar Azam uses his wrists to flick it through backward square leg
13.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Babar Azam, 2 runs, 118kph, width served outside off, Babar Azam reaches out and slaps it to deep extra cover
13.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Babar Azam, no run, 119kph, stump-to-stump line ball, blocked back to the bowler
13.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Hafeez, 1 run, 117kph, fuller and straighter, clipped to mid-wicket
13.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Hafeez, no run, 119kph, fuller than a good length ball around off, Hafeez taps it towards cover with an opened bat-face
13.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Hafeez, no run, pitched up delivery, Hafeez gets forward and drives it all along the carpet to mid-off
12.6
Ferguson to Hafeez, 1 run, 144kph, Hafeez uses the bowler's pace and width to steer it to third man
12.5
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, 146kph! Another jaffa. Seam-up ball, angles in and straightens ever so lightly to beat the outside edge
12.4
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, 145kph, back of a length delivery, Hafeez hops and defends it back to the bowler
12.3
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, 144kph, fuller than a good length ball and Ferguson gets it to nibble away from the right-hander. Hafeez gets half-forward to force through the off-side and gets beaten by the away-seam
12.2
Ferguson to Hafeez, FOUR, top-class shot! Shorter ball at 142kph, sits up nicely for Hafeez, who swivels across and helps it on its way with a well-controlled pull shot. One bounce and into the fence
12.1
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, 146kph! Everyone's expecting a bumper and Ferguson smartly bowls an in-slanting length ball. Hafeez's front foot hardly moved as he pushed with hard hands. Beaten on the outside edge
11.6
Matt Henry to Hafeez, 1 run, straighter line, tucked away to mid-wicket
11.5
Matt Henry to Hafeez, no run, fullish in-angler and Hafeez has a tentative push off the front foot. Was in the air for a while, but fell well short of the bowler
11.4
Matt Henry to Hafeez, no run, in-nipper at 132kph, bunted to mid-on
11.3
Matt Henry to Hafeez, no run, stays leg-side of the ball and taps this length ball into the off-side
11.2
Matt Henry to Hafeez, no run, full ball on leg, Hafeez clips it away to mid-wicket who makes a good stop diving to his right
11.1
Matt Henry to Hafeez, no run, pitched up delivery, driven neatly but straight to mid-off
10.6
Ferguson to Hafeez, 1 run, 146kph! Hafeez is again late against this shortish ball, somehow manages to turn it to fine leg off the inside edge
10.5
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, nervy batting! Sees the width on this 147kph back of a length delivery and throws his bat at it tentatively. Fails to make contact
10.4
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, nasty bumper and Hafeez is late to pick it. He turns his head away from the ball as he tries to fend. Wears it on the glove and the ball deflects onto his body
10.3
Ferguson to Hafeez, no run, 149kph! What's Hafeez doing? He turns this fullish ball towards square leg and sets off for a non-existent single. He was sent back by his partner and luckily for Hafeez, the fielder didn't score a direct hit. Would have been touch and go!
10.2
Ferguson to Imam, out Caught by Guptill!! Excellent cricket from New Zealand. First, the ball from Ferguson. His pace does the trick. Banged it in short at 141kph and Imam was taken aback by the lift on it. The ball got big on him and he fended at awkwardly as he was in no control. The ball popped up off the outside edge and was threatening to fall in front of the backward point fielder. However, Guptill had other ideas. Swoops in, dives full-length and takes a fantastic catch. Pakistan have lost both their openers wkt (2-44) min (42m). Imam c Guptill b Ferguson 19(29) [4s-3]
10.1
Ferguson to Babar Azam, 1 run, with one slip in place, Ferguson pounds in a short of length delivery at 140kph, Babar Azam steers off the outside half to third man
9.6
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, 1 run, allows the ball to come to him and tucks it wide of mid-on for a quick single
9.5
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, in-nipper, Babar Azam should have played it off the front foot. He hung back to punch with limited feet movement and ended up inside-edging it onto his pad
9.4
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, in-angling fullish ball, Babar Azam sees the line wide of off and shoulders arms
9.3
Matt Henry to Imam, 1 run, on the hips, tucked away to deep backward square leg
9.2
Matt Henry to Imam, no run, looks to work through the leg-side and gets a soft leading edge towards mid-off. Was in the air for a while, but well wide of Henry
9.1
Matt Henry to Imam, no run, good looking drive from Imam off the front foot, but he finds the man at extra cover
8.6
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, Boult is back to over the wicket and he bowls a short of length delivery, Babar Azam blocks it out
8.5
Boult to Babar Azam, FOUR, change of angle doesn't trouble Babar Azam. Sees the length on the fuller side and plays another exquisite cover-drive beating the man inside the circle to his right. Reached the fence in a jiffy
8.4
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, another one angling across the right-hander, Babar Azam is happy to shoulder arms
8.3
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, beaten! Boult forces Babar Azam to poke his bat as the length was closer to off. It was an away-angler and Azam was lucky not to get a nick on it
8.2
Boult to Babar Azam, FOUR, top shot! Boult goes fuller and marginally outside off, no swing on this occasion and Babar Azam nails the drive. A stride across, bends his back leg and caresses it beautifully through the covers. Everything was right about that shot
8.1
Boult to Babar Azam, no run, that's a peach! An inswinger at 136kph and Babar Azam has no clue at it. Played all around it as he went for a flick. Went tantalizingly close to the off-stump
7.6
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, 1 run, fetches this short of length mdl from outside off and heaves off the inner part of the bat to deep square leg
7.5
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, short of a good length ball around off, Babar Azam stays back in his crease and pats it towards point
7.4
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, fuller in length and Babar Azam leans into a good-looking cover drive. Santner fumbles at shortish cover, but the cover-point fielder does a good job backing up. A dot
7.3
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, 136kph, Babar Azam moves slightly towards off and defends this good length ball into the leg-side
7.2
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, hurled fuller and that's been driven to mid-off off the front foot
7.1
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, 134kph, short of length delivery, Babar Azam miscues the cut to cover
6.6
Boult to Imam, no run, once again Imam is on the walk, probably to counter swing (if any), gets behind the line of the delivery and pushes it back to Boult
6.5
Boult to Imam, no run, walks forward and across and pokes this length ball to backward point
6.4
Boult to Imam, no run, 139kph, zippy ball that might have kept a touch low, defended down the pitch
6.3
Boult to Imam, no run, 137kph, shortened length, Imam hangs back and drops it towards cover
6.2
Boult to Imam, no run, 136kph, good length ball angled in on off, Imam defends it on the on-side
6.1
Boult to Imam, 2 runs, away-shaper, Imam opens the bat-face after coming on the front foot and guides this length ball through the gap between backward point and cover-point
5.6
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, 137kph, short of length delivery, a back-footed punch from Babar Azam follows. Made a cracking sound, but went straight to the man in the extra cover region
5.5
Matt Henry to Imam, 1 run, Imam offers the maker's name as he straight-bats a length ball towards mid-off. Calls his partner through for a quick single and makes it with ease in the end
5.4
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, 3 runs, back of a length delivery, Babar Azam rides the bounce and crashes it through extra cover after riding the bouncer
5.3
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, 2 runs, excellent effort from CdG! A skiddy seam-up back of a length delivery and Azam wanted to heave it away. Gets it off the bottom part of the bat and the ball went up a long way. Colin ran back from mid-off and put in a full-lengthed dive, but it falls out of his reach
5.2
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, 137kph, back of a length delivery, Babar Azam cross-bats it towards cover
5.1
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, 132kph, very full ball, neatly driven off the front foot but straight to mid-off
4.6
Boult to Imam, no run, outswinger, Imam leans and pushes it to cover
4.5
Boult to Imam, no run, tucks this short of length delivery into the leg-side
4.4
Boult to Imam, no run, cuts in sharply from a short of length and there's extra bounce too. A hopping Imam is cramped for room and he manages to get some bat on it and deflects inside his pad
4.3
Boult to Imam, no run, 138kph, fuller in length, blunted to mid-on
4.2
Boult to Imam, FOUR, edged and four! Seams away from a length at 139kph, Imam hops and pokes at it, gets a genuine outside edge that runs away well wide of the first slip fielder. Third man was too square
4.1
Boult to Imam, no run, 136kph, away-shaping fullish ball marginally outside off, Imam gets forward and pats it towards cover
3.6
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, 138kph, slips in a very full ball on the pads but the bowler gets away with it. A gentle one-legged glance towards short mid-wicket
3.5
Matt Henry to Babar Azam, no run, 134kph, in-angling pitched up delivery, Babar Azam is solid in his forward block
3.4
Matt Henry to Imam, 1 run, 135kph, Imam drops this full ball in front of mid-off and hares to the other end
3.3
Matt Henry to Imam, no run, 136kph, fullish ball, Imam gets forward and taps it towards mid-off
3.2
Matt Henry to Imam, no run, 133kph, on a length and angling away outside off, left alone
3.1
Matt Henry to Imam, no run, fuller than a good length ball at 133kph, knocked to mid-off
2.6
Boult to Fakhar Zaman, out Caught by Guptill!! And, Boult strikes! An innocuous delivery does it for NZ's spearhead. A leg-lined length ball and Fakhar Zaman shaped up to flick it away. But, he might have closed his bat-face a tad too early. End result - gets a big leading edge and the ball balloons up. Guptill takes a couple of steps backwards and gobbles it up with ease wkt (1-19) min (13m). Fakhar Zaman c Guptill b Boult 9(10) [4s-2]
2.5
Boult to Fakhar Zaman, no run, Boult attacks off with a fullish ball, Zaman keeps it out on the off-side off the outer half
2.4
Boult to Fakhar Zaman, no run, very full ball, driven back towards the bowler and Boult parries it to mid-off
2.3
Boult to Fakhar Zaman, no run, past the inside edge and misses the off-stump by a few inches. Nips in from a length and Fakhar Zaman throws his bat sans any feet movement. Lucky Zaman!
2.2
Boult to Fakhar Zaman, no run, full ball on middle and leg, in the slot to put away, but Boult gets away. Fakhar Zaman flicked it straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
2.1
Boult to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, fourth boundary of the innings! Boult gets a hint of away-swing, but there's ample width which allows the southpaw to free his arms. Fakhar Zaman hangs back in his crease and flashes his bat hard to send it through point
1.6
Matt Henry to Imam, 2 runs, confident start for Pakistan. 11 off the second over! Henry shortens his length and darts on the ribs, tucked around the corner
1.5
Matt Henry to Imam, FOUR, top shot! Another bad ball from Henry. Overpitches just outside off and Imam leans forward to play a sublime straight-drive. No chance for the man at mid-off. Sped away to the fence
1.4
Matt Henry to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, hurled full again with width on offer, driven to the right of mid-off for a single
1.3
Matt Henry to Fakhar Zaman, no run, pitched up delivery on middle and leg, jammed into the leg-side
1.2
Matt Henry to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, a freebie and Fakhar Zaman accepts it with glee. A juicy, wide full toss, Fakhar Zaman reaches out and flays it through the covers region. A big gap between cover and mid-off; Zaman took full toll of it
1.1
Matt Henry to Fakhar Zaman, no run, 133kph, full and outside off, Fakhar Zaman brings his back down with a big back-lift to bunt it back to the bowler - off the inner half
0.6
Boult to Imam, FOUR, a confident stroke and Imam gets off the mark with a boundary. Boult bowls it short, but that sits up nicely for the batsman to put it away. The lefty picked the length early, got into a good position and pulled it hard and through square leg
0.5
Boult to Imam, no run, poked into the off-side
0.4
Boult to Imam, no run, good fielding! Shortish ball, Imam rides the bounce and taps it to the left of second slip where Guptill makes a diving stop. He is quick to recover and has a shy at the striker's end. Reckon, Imam would have made his ground
0.3
Boult to Imam, no run, pitched up delivery, Imam gets half-forward and drives it straight to mid-off
0.2
Boult to Imam, no run, Boult drags his length back by a fraction and that's been tucked to mid-wicket from the crease
0.1
Boult to Imam, no run, on the money straightaway! Boult bowls it full and targets the stumps, hint of away-nip and Imam is half-forward to block. Gets an inside edge onto his pad
Commentary
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Wahab Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Shaheen Afridi
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Lockie Ferguson
