34.1
Chris Morris to Hamid, out Caught by Fafdu Plessis!! Afghanistan have been bundled out for 125. A high catch for the skipper and Fafdu Plessis sports a smile after holding on. Morris has the final wicket and it's a job well done by the Proteas. Coming to the ball, it was a short of a length delivery that kept climbing onto the right-hander, Hassan was in no position on the pull, got a top-edge that went straight up - Faf and Rabada both went for the catch, but it was the captain's call and he held on wkt (10-125) min (7m). Hamid c Fafdu Plessis b Chris Morris 0(3)
33.6
Tahir to Aftab Alam, no run, loud shout for LBW and South Africa have reviewed. It was the wrong 'un, but is it spinning down leg? It's a fair delivery, no bat on that and UltraEdge confirms it, Missing and South Africa have lost their review. Tahir was convinced and he had the support of his captain, pitched around middle, this wrong 'un and spun back past Alam's outstretched left leg, the impact was in front of leg and was spinning further down
33.5
Tahir to Rashid Khan, out Caught by Vander Dussen!! Rashid's cameo is over and Tahir has his man - this was dropped short and at the stumps, Rashid rocked back on the pull and nailed the shot - he did pretty much everything right, except find the gap - Vander Dussen at deep mid-wicket, right in front of the ropes and he took a calm catch - over his head. That should be it for Afghanistan's hopes of making a fighting score. The players have also taken drinks with that wicket wkt (9-125) min (34m). Rashid Khan c Vander Dussen b Tahir 35(25) [4s-6]
33.4
Tahir to Rashid Khan, FOUR, cracking shot, Rashid is toying against Tahir, runs down the track, makes room and thenb goes inside out over cover for another boundary
33.3
Tahir to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, Rashid is looking out for some runs, comes down the track, reads the wrong 'un and then clears backward point with the drive - Phehlukwayo makes a sliding stop near the ropes and prevents the boundary
33.2
Tahir to Rashid Khan, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Rashid, the quicker delivery from Tahir, slid down leg, Rashid went down low, rolled his wrists and beat Amla at backward square leg with the sweep
33.1
Tahir to Rashid Khan, FOUR, beautifully played, Rashid has been very positive today, bends down on one knee, gets close to the ball and sweeps it behind square on the on-side for a boundary
32.6
Chris Morris to Hamid, no run, that was close, this was full and this was just outside off, Hamid swung with all his might and missed, didn't miss the off-stump by much
32.5
Chris Morris to Hamid, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Hamid leans forward on the defensive push, gets an inside edge towards mid-wicket, Rashid Khan was looking for a single and is sent back
32.4
Chris Morris to Ikram Ali, out Caught by Amla!! Edged and caught! You'd think this was coming, short of a length and coming back with the angle - the ball got big on Ikram and there was no way he was going to defend it - was trying to play with an open face, off the shoulder of the bat and the edge flew to Amla at first slip. He doesn't drop those and the tiny partnership has been broken wkt (8-111) min (43m). Ikram Ali c Amla b Chris Morris 9(33)
32.3
Chris Morris to Ikram Ali, no run, fuller length delivery around off, Ikram gets across and finds mid-on with the wristy drive
32.2
Chris Morris to Ikram Ali, no run, tad fuller and in that channel outside off, defended to the off-side
32.1
Chris Morris to Ikram Ali, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Ikram prods across in defence
31.6
Tahir to Rashid Khan, no run, very full and well wide of off, Rashid bent down low and found square leg with the sweep - Ikram Ali was backing up a long way and has to scamper back
31.5
Tahir to Ikram Ali, 1 run, full-toss from Tahir, Ikram leans forward and swats it past square leg - can't get the placement right and it's only a single
31.4
Tahir to Rashid Khan, 1 run, the wrong 'un from Tahir, Rashid waits on it and then nudges it square past cover for a single
31.3
Tahir to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, loopy delivery outside off, Rashid gets a big stride forward, gets close to the ball and drills it wide of cover for a brace
31.2
Tahir to Ikram Ali, 1 run, nicely played, Ikramn runs down the track, plays with the spin and then lifts it over mid-on - the ball plugged in the outfield and it's only a single
31.1
Tahir to Rashid Khan, 1 run, Rashid runs down the track, gets to the ball on the full and drives it to long-on for a single
30.6
Rabada to Ikram Ali, no run, tad too short from Rabada, he's getting the bounce, but the length is too short to find the edge - Ikram pushes forward and is beaten by a long way
30.5
Rabada to Ikram Ali, no run, Rabada shortens his length and gets it to hold its line outside off, Ikram drops his gloves and sways away from the line
30.4
Rabada to Ikram Ali, no run, on a good length and well outside off, Ikram Ali pushes forward and gets an inside edge towards the off-side
30.3
Rabada to Ikram Ali, no run, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, Ikram Ali covers the line and lets it go
30.2
Rabada to Rashid Khan, 1 run, Rashid isn't getting behind the line of the ball - can't blame him after what happened against New Zealand - was way too late on the pull and gloved it behind square on the on-side for a run
30.1
Rabada to Rashid Khan, no run, Rabada shortens his length and gets it to climb onto the right-hander, Rashid took his head away as he prodded forward - lobbed high off the bat and bounced well in front of the bowler
29.6
Tahir to Rashid Khan, 1 run, Rashid brings out the sweep now, gets down low and places it in front of square on the on-side for a single
29.5
Tahir to Ikram Ali, 1 run, tad too short and wide of off, dabbed to the right of backward point for a single
29.4
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, lovely loop from Tahir, Ikram Ali saw the flight and was lured into a big drive - didn't get close to the ball and nearly offered a simple catch to mid-wicket - off the inside edge
29.3
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, the leg-break from Tahir, the length was short and allowed Ikram Ali to push it to the off-side
29.2
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, fraction too full and outside off, pushed back at the bowler
29.1
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, tossed up on off, Ikram Ali leans forward and defends it to the on-side
28.6
Rabada to Rashid Khan, no run, he's getting carried away here, Rashid, tad fuller and following the batsman as he backed away, another atrocious heave and gets nothing for it
28.5
Rabada to Rashid Khan, FOUR, cracking shot, Rashid is playing a nice little cameo here, length delivery outside off, he makes room and carves it over mid-off, one bounce and over the ropes
28.4
Rabada to Rashid Khan, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Rashid backs away and finds mid-off with the drive
28.3
Rabada to Rashid Khan, no run, that's ugly from Rashid - no need to do this, there are so many overs coming up - perhaps he's intimidated by Rabada's short balls, makes room and attempts an ugly mow, beaten all ends up
28.3
Rabada to Rashid Khan, wide, another bouncer from Rabada, but it's too short and down the leg-side, called as a wide once again
28.3
Rabada to Rashid Khan, wide, the bouncer from Rabada, but it's short and angling down leg, called as a wide
28.2
Rabada to Ikram Ali, 1 run, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, Ikram Ali gets behind the line and works it behind square on the off-side for a single
28.1
Rabada to Ikram Ali, no run, short of a good length and angling across the left-hander, left alone
27.6
Tahir to Ikram Ali, 1 run, Tahir tosses one on off, Ikram Ali leans well forward and drives it to the right of mid-on for a single
27.5
Tahir to Rashid Khan, 1 run, nicely played by Rashid, spotted the wrong 'un from Tahir, got close to the ball and drove to the right of cover - the fielder tumbled and got a hand onto it, might have saved at least three runs
27.4
Tahir to Rashid Khan, no run, slower and on off, pushed back at the bowler
27.3
Tahir to Rashid Khan, leg byes, 4, bonus runs for Afghanistan, this was tossed up well wide of off, Rashid went a long way across on the sweep and missed, clipped the back-thigh and rolled past Amla at slip
27.2
Tahir to Ikram Ali, 1 run, nicely flighted on the leg-stump line, nudged in front of square leg and Rashid calls his partner across for a quick single
27.1
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, pushed through on off, Ikram Ali prods half-forward and defends
26.6
Rabada to Rashid Khan, no run, tad fuller and angling into the right-hander, Rashid was looking to tuck and missed, off the pads and rolled to the off-side
26.5
Rabada to Rashid Khan, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rashid drives it crisply and straight to the fielder at mid-off
26.4
Rabada to Rashid Khan, FOUR, streaky and four, Rashid gets lucky now, on a good length and in that channel outside off, he was late as he pushed forward, off the inner hal and flew past the off-stump - no chance for De Kock as well
26.3
Rabada to Rashid Khan, FOUR, lovely, fraction too full and well outside off, Rashid leans forward, presents the full face of the bat and drives it back past the bowler, mid-off is square and has no chance
26.2
Rabada to Ikram Ali, 1 run, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, Ikram Ali runs it down towards third man for a single
26.1
Rabada to Rashid Khan, 1 run, nicely played, Rashid will bat positively, length ball at the pads and it's flicked wide of mid-wicket, wanted a second run, but slipped as he turned back
25.6
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, slower and around off, Ikram Ali leans well forward on the defensive block
25.5
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, nicely flighted outside off, Ikram Ali leans well forward in defence
25.4
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, tossed up on off, Ikram Ali prods across and pushes it to the on-side
25.3
Tahir to Rashid Khan, 1 run, the flatter leg-break from Tahir, punched off the back-foot and wide of cover for a single
25.2
Tahir to Naib, out Caught by Markram!! Oh dear! Today's turning out to be Tahir's day - go, buy a lottery - this was a drag down, the wrong 'un which was short and at the batsman, Naib spotted it early, rocked back but didn't get hold of the pull, went high off the bat and towards mid-wicket. Markram moved across to his right, tumbled and held on to a good head high catch. Afghanistan are falling part - the second rain break did them in pretty badly wkt (7-77) min (12m). Naib c Markram b Tahir 5(11)
25.1
Tahir to Naib, no run, tossed up at the stumps, Naib leans forward and pushes it to the on-side
24.6
Phehlukwayo to Ikram Ali, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Ikram Ali gets behind the line and defends it to the off-side
24.5
Phehlukwayo to Naib, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Naib pushes forward and gets an inside edge wide of mid-wicket for a single
24.4
Phehlukwayo to Ikram Ali, 1 run, back of a length and well outside off, steered away behind square on the off-side for a single
24.3
Phehlukwayo to Ikram Ali, no run, Phehlukwayo shortens his length and angles this one across the left-hander, left alone
24.2
Phehlukwayo to Ikram Ali, no run, Phehlukwayo shortens his length and angles this one across the left-hander, has Ikram Ali pushing at that and beats him on the edge once again
24.1
Phehlukwayo to Ikram Ali, no run, on a good length and going away with the angle, Ikram Ali has a poke at that and is beaten by a long way
23.6
Tahir to Ikram Ali, 1 run, googly to end the over as the batsman drives it to long-on for a single
23.5
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, darted in the channel outside off, Ikram Ali hangs back in his crease and knocks this to cover-point
23.4
Tahir to Naib, 1 run, pushes this one through covers for a single
23.3
Tahir to Naib, no run, back in his crease to cut the short ball away to point
23.2
Tahir to Naib, no run, quicker delivery around middle and leg, skids along the surface as Naib nudges it to mid-wicket
23.1
Tahir to Naib, no run, fullish delivery around off, Naib jams out back to the bowler
22.6
Phehlukwayo to Ikram Ali, no run, sharp shooter, a fierce bouncer that kicks off the surface and the batsman is forced to sway away from its line
22.5
Phehlukwayo to Naib, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Naib tucks it into the leg side and scampers across to the other end
22.4
Phehlukwayo to Naib, no run, short ball around off, Naib sways away from it
22.3
Phehlukwayo to Naib, no run, on his front foot in order to ease the fullish delivery to cover with a gentle drive
22.2
Phehlukwayo to Naib, 2 runs, slices the widish delivery through point and storms back for two, does the Afghan skipper
22.1
Phehlukwayo to Nabi, out Bowled!! The rain break has done wonders for South Africa. They're looking desperate for those two points. Afghanistan's most experienced batsman is back to the pavilion as he plays a rather loose shot. Was a short ball in the channel outside off and the all-rounder attempts a square-cut. An inside edge is induced as the ball keeps straight and rock on to the stumps as the Proteas are on top wkt (6-70) min (6m). Nabi b Phehlukwayo 1(2)
21.6
Tahir to Ikram Ali, no run, short ball in the channel outside off, the wrong 'un again and it's been cut to the man at point by Ikram Ali
21.5
Tahir to Asghar Afghan, out Caught&Bowled!! Half of Afghanistan are back in the pavilion. Second wicket in the over for Imran Tahir as he runs many a mile after taking the catch. Another googly by Tahir and Asghar gets a leading edge as he tries to flick it into the leg side. Easiest of catches for the leggie who has an even better celebration. Have Afghanistan hit the panic button? wkt (5-70) min (9m). Asghar Afghan c and b Tahir 0(5)
21.4
Tahir to Asghar Afghan, no run, flighted around the off-stump line, Asghar Afghan blocks it off his front foot
21.3
Tahir to Asghar Afghan, no run, quicker one on a full length, Asghar Afghan blocks it off his front foot
21.2
Tahir to Nabi, 1 run, floated delivery on a full length by Tahir and it's been clipped through mid-wicket by Nabi
21.1
Tahir to Noor Ali, out Bowled!! Imran Tahir strikes on his first ball. Bowls a googly first up and deceives the batsman with his wizardly powers. Noor Ali plays for the leg spin as the ball sneaks through his drive as the stumps get rattled. Two wickets in quick succession for South Africa and Afghanistan enter into that rebuild phase with two new batsmen at the crease wkt (4-69) min (105m). Noor Ali b Tahir 32(58) [4s-4]
20.6
Phehlukwayo to Asghar Afghan, no run, wicket-maiden for Phehlukwayo. Keeps this one on the fuller side and invites the batsman to go hard at it. Asghar plays a nice square drives but finds the man stationed at point
20.5
Phehlukwayo to Asghar Afghan, no run, back of a length around off, Asghar Afghan defends it off his back foot
20.4
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, out Caught by Fafdu Plessis!! Edged and taken! This is what the rain stoppages do. Batsmen often tend to lose their concentration. A length delivery that was slanted across the batsman by Phehlukwayo and Shahidi goes at it with an expansive drive. An outside edge is induced and Fafdu Plessis in the cordon takes a safe catch wkt (3-69) min (29m). Shahidi c Fafdu Plessis b Phehlukwayo 8(22) [4s-1]
20.3
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, treks back to punch the short of a length ball to point
20.2
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, back of a length around off, Shahidi defends it towards the fielder at point, plays it off his back foot
20.1
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, angles the first ball after resumption across the batsman, full length delivery and it's been left alone by Shahidi
19.6
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, no run, this one kicks off after hitting around the good length, Noor Ali pokes and misses, inches close to the outside edge that was
19.5
Chris Morris to Shahidi, 1 run, sharp ball around middle and leg, Shahidi somehow manages to get some bat as he tries to work it away, that could have hit him flush on the gloves, could have been nasty
19.4
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, on a length outside off, Shahidi leaves it alone as the ball shapes away
19.3
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, 1 run, tucks the short ball down to fine leg for a single
19.2
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, no run, seaming into the batsman outside off, on a length and Ali thinks it's better to not mess with it, shoulders arms wisely
19.1
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, no run, pitches this one on a full length, Noor Ali drives but gets beaten on his inside edge
18.6
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, shaping away from Shahidi around the good length, left alone and just a single in the over
18.5
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, 1 run, scythes the length delivery down to third man, Shahidi's back on strike
18.4
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, around the off-stump line, good length ball that's been blocked by Noor Ali
18.3
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, short ball around off, Noor Ali sways away
18.2
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, Noor Ali has been adjudged lbw and just like Rahmat Shah even he has decided to challenge the onfield call. A full length delivery that seams into the batsman who gets an inside edge onto his flick. The batsman wasn't sure if he had nicked it, that's strange. If there wasn't bat involved, this would have crashed into the middle stump. Not out is the final call
18.1
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, crunches the off-drive against this full length ball but finds the fielder stationed at mid-off
17.6
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, jagging away from the batsman outside off, length delivery as Shahidi decides to not fiddle with it
17.5
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, banged short into the pitch by Morris and Shahidi sways away from the line of this delivery
17.4
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, pitched up by Morris, fullish delivery and it's been driven crisply by Shahidi, straight to the man at cover though
17.3
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, on a length outside off, seaming away from the batsman and Shahidi shoulders arms
17.2
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, angled across the batsman in the channel outside off, tad fuller and it's been left alone
17.1
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, 1 run, eases the length ball into the gap at covers, easy single for Noor Ali
16.6
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, yorker length ball in the channel outside off, tailing into the batsman who squeezes it out to point
16.5
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, short in length outside off, Shahidi sways away
16.4
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, 2 runs, driven crisply! Tad fuller around off and Shahidi creams it past the diving fielder at covers, the man from mid-off sprints to his right and stops it, just two for this fine shot
16.3
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, FOUR, width on offer and it's been cut away. Well outside off and Shahidi chops it past the man at point, right into the gap as it'll fetch him a boundary
16.2
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, good line, good length, cramping up the batsman who knocks the length ball in front of mid-on
16.1
Phehlukwayo to Shahidi, no run, back of a length outside off, Shahidi plays this with his bat angled towards point
15.6
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, 2 runs, leading edge but Noor Ali is safe! Impressive spell by Morris so far. A maiden, a wicket and now creating chances. This was around the off-stump line and swinging away from the batsman, Noor Ali gets deceived due to the hint of movement as he tries to flick across the line, a leading edge is found but there's no fielder at backward point to hold on to the catch. Two runs by the time third man gets rid of the ball
15.5
Chris Morris to Shahidi, 1 run, interesting shot to get off the mark. He was actually trying to shoulder arms but the ball seams back in and ricochets off his willow to third man. Was bowled in the channel outside off and it was on a good length
15.4
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, another good delivery, keeps it around middle and leg as the ball shapes back in, kept a shade low but the batsman was quick to bring his bat down, nudges it into the leg side
15.3
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, extra carry on the short of a length ball outside off, Shahidi takes his bottom hand off and pats it in front of point
15.2
Chris Morris to Shahidi, no run, back of a length outside off, keeps a touch low and Shahidi gets beaten as he pokes away from his body
15.1
Chris Morris to Rahmat, out Lbw!! This is excellent stuff from Morris as he gets Afghanistan's most technically sound batsman. Pitches this one on a full length and gets a bit of inswing as well. Rahmat was trying to flick it away but got beaten due to the movement. Struck in front of middle and it was clipping the leg-stump, confirm the replays wkt (2-56) min (32m). Rahmat lbw b Chris Morris 6(22) [4s-1]
14.6
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, 2 runs, edged but safe! Back of a length delivery in the channel outside off, seams away from the batsman who has a tentative poke at it. The edge it induced as a result of the movement but it flies past the lone man at slip. Had there been a second slip, this could have been a regulation catch
14.5
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, banged hard into the pitch around the short length area, Noor Ali keeps his eyes on the ball and ducks just when the ball is about to arrive at him
14.4
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, 1 run, width on offer outside off and Rahmat slices it down to square third man, handing over the strike to Noor Ali
14.3
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, no run, goes full now, around middle and leg, Rahmat brings his bat down in time and drives it to mid-on, not great timing as the fielder cuts it off
14.2
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, no run, good length ball by Phehlukwayo but the line is better this time around, in the channel outside off and Rahmat thinks it's better to be left alone
14.1
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, 1 run, length ball on the pads by Phehlukwayo and it's been nudged with soft hands to deep square leg by Noor Ali. The fielder in the deep was quick to sprint in and get rid of the ball
13.6
Chris Morris to Rahmat, FOUR, boundary to end the over! That should get him going. A short ball by Morris to end the over and it's been hooked over square leg by the right handed batsman. He swivelled to an extent too but was in complete control of his shot as he nailed it away to the fence
13.5
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, ripper! Hits the deck on back of a length and gets good carry and hint of movement in the air, Rahmat tries to block but he plays down the wrong line, getting beaten all ends up
13.4
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Rahmat nudges it into the leg side from within the crease
13.3
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, 3 runs, that was in the air for a while but well past the bowler. Ali chip-drives the fullish delivery past the bowler and beats the man at mid-off too. The timing wasn't good enough to fetch him a boundary
13.2
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, no run, in the channel outside off, on a good length and it's been dabbed to point by Noor Ali
13.1
Chris Morris to Noor Ali, no run, seaming into the batsman on a good length, Noor Ali watchfully punches it to cover-point
12.6
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, no run, just a single of the over as Phehlukwayo bowls a bouncer to end it. Outside off but just inside the tramline, reckons the umpire
12.5
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, 1 run, touch fuller than the last ball and it's been steered to square third man by Noor Ali
12.4
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, on a length outside off, Noor Ali watchfully carves it to point
12.3
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, tad short, around the off-stump line, Noor Ali hangs back in his crease and blocks it out
12.2
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, drags back the length on this one considerably, Noor Ali rocks back and pats it to cover-point
12.1
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, outswinger in the channel outside off, too full for the batsman who decides to let it through
11.6
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, uhhh! Another close shave for an Afghanistan batsmen. The outside edge does not carry to Amla at first slip. Short of length delivery and moves away ever so slightly, Shah hangs back and pokes at the ball, the edge evades a flying De Kock and lands in front of Amla
11.5
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, fuller and around off, Shah defends off the front foot with the head right on top of the ball
11.4
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, full and slanting in, Shah clips it nicely but finds mid-on in the way
11.3
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, oh! An inside edge saved Shah there. Full and attacking the stumps, Shah gets his pad into a tangle and luckily for him there was a tiny edge before the ball thudded into the pad right in front of the stumps
11.2
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, fraction short in length and outside off, Shah is happy to let it pass
11.1
Chris Morris to Rahmat, no run, straightaway hits the perfect line and length. He lands it on a length and draws the batsman forward, Shah looks to drive on the rise and is beaten on the outside edge. Extra bit of bounce as De Kock collects it in front of his face
10.6
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, short of length around off, Noor Ali punches it to backward point
10.5
Phehlukwayo to Noor Ali, no run, it was a nothing shot from Noor Ali. Good length ball nibbling away outside off, he goes for a half-hearted steer to third man and edges it behind, the ball might have just bounced in front of Faf at second slip. There was no conclusive evidence for Gould to overturn the onfield decision
10.4
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, 1 run, tight single. A direct hit might have had Shah in trouble. He wrists it towards mid-on and sets off, Morris swoops down and fires at the bowler's end, the ball hits the spot and bounces over the stumps
10.3
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, no run, pitched up outside off, Shah drives with an open bat face to point. He should have placed that better
10.2
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, no run, on a length outside off, Shah strides forward, covers his stumps and shoulders arms
10.1
Phehlukwayo to Rahmat, no run, starts with a back of a length delivery, Shah blocks it into the off-side
9.6
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, floats it up on a fullish length, Noor Ali stretches forward and slices it off the outer half to backward point. Fortunately for him the ball bounced just in front of Markram
9.5
Hendricks to Noor Ali, FOUR, lovely shot! Nothing much wrong with the delivery. Just a wee bit of width offered and that is enough for Noor Ali, he brings his fast hands into play and drives on the rise past the short cover-point fielder, the ball raced away to the fence
9.4
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, slanting away from short of length, dabbed with an open bat face to gully
9.3
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, shortens the length and opens up the right hander, Noor Ali does well not to close the bat face and defend it with a straight bat into the off-side
9.2
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, good length ball and Noor Ali goes with hard hands, almost pops it back to Hendricks
9.1
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, short delivery slanted across off, Noor Ali arches back and sways away from the line
8.6
Rabada to Rahmat, no run, wicket maiden! Just what South Africa needed after the break. Break the partnership and put a lid on the scoring. Rabada pounds it on the hard length and Shah can only defend it to point
8.5
Rabada to Rahmat, no run, three quarter length and hits the splice of the bat as Shah blocks it in front of cover
8.4
Rabada to Rahmat, no run, short of length close to off, Shah lifts his bat and lets it go
8.3
Rabada to Rahmat, no run, back of a length around off, Shah is right behind the line to defend to cover
8.2
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, out Caught by Vander Dussen!! Gone! Rabada set the trap and Zazai falls for it. Teams know how to get Zazai out now. Keep a fielder in the deep on the leg-side and feed him deliveries that will make him hit there. Fine leg was brought in and mid-wicket was pushed back, Rabada dug it in short and Zazai took him on, he pulls it flat and towards Vander Dussen, who had to charge forward to take the catch. He does really to arrest the momentum and take it inches from the ground wkt (1-39) min (40m). Hazratullah Zazai c Vander Dussen b Rabada 22(23) [4s-3]
8.1
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, back of a length cramping the batsman for space, Zazai fails to meet with the tuck and is struck high on the pad
7.6
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, bouncer angled away from the right hander, Noor Ali ducks as a precautionary measure
7.5
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, slanting into the left hander, nurdled away backward of square leg
7.4
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, Zazai has had enough of prodding and poking. He backs away to give himself the room to free his arms and absolutely slaps the length delivery through extra cover. Stand and deliver stuff!
7.3
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, edged and safe. The ball is bouncing more after the rain break. Even Hendricks is getting that awkward bounce, Zazai is cramped on the cut shot and the ball takes the shoulder of the bat before landing in front of De Kock
7.2
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, very full and close to yorker length, Zazai can't jam it out
7.1
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, shout for LBW but umpire Ruchira Palliyaguruge is not convinced. Full delivery that skids on and catches Zazai in the crease, rapped on the pads but the angle was taking it down leg. Faf doesn't even bother to discuss about the review
6.6
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length outside off, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
6.5
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, and again.. This is just too good for Noor Ali. Once more the ball rises sharply from a length and has Noor Ali in all sorts of trouble, since it was closer to off-stump Noor Ali had to play and all he could do was hope it doesn't take the outside edge
6.4
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, that took off and caught Noor Ali by surprise. A back of a length delivery and the ball kept climbing outside off, Noor Ali tries to fend it but is undone by the extra bit of zip, beaten neck and crop
6.3
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length around off, Noor Ali watchfully knocks it into the off-side
6.2
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, short of length outside off, Noor Ali rides the bounce and knocks it back
6.1
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, good length ball on off, Zazai with a closed bat face pats it into the leg-side
5.6
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, full and on off-stump, Noor Ali drives it back with a straight bat
5.5
Hendricks to Noor Ali, FOUR, strays in line and is made to pay. Short of length around the hips, Noor Ali gets inside the line and tickles it fine, he just used the pace of the bowler to collect the boundary
5.4
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, fuller than a good length, Noor Ali's forward press pings off the middle to cover
5.3
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, once more Noor Ali makes sure that his body is right behind the line to keep out the back of a length delivery
5.2
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length on off, Noor Ali opens himself up to defend
5.1
Hendricks to Noor Ali, FOUR, crunched! It was in the air but Noor Ali had placed it perfectly. Long half volley outside off, Noor Ali presses forward and drives it uppishly through cover-point, the ball raced away to the fence
4.6
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, dropped! That would have been the catch of the tournament had Morris held on. Zazai heaves it in an ugly manner into the leg-side, he gets more height than the distance and Morris raced back from mid-on, he covered lots of ground and even went with two hands, the ball clips the fingertips before rolling towards the rope, Vander Dussen tries to haul it in but his body was in contact with the ad triangles
4.5
Rabada to Noor Ali, 1 run, fraction short in length and Noor Ali opened up a touch, the outside edge squirts away to third man
4.4
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, hits the bat hard with a good length delivery, Noor Ali was prodding forward to defend and is hit on the splice of the bat, the ball dribbles away into the leg-side
4.3
Rabada to Noor Ali, 2 runs, back of a length and Noor Ali is back and across to knock it through the vacant cover area, Morris gives chase from mid-off and he fires a throw at the striker's end, De Kock deflects it onto the stumps but Noor Ali was in comfortably. There was a slight hesitation and that led to South Africa appealing
4.2
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, fuller than a good length and drawing the batsman forward, Noor Ali presses well forward and that saves him as the ball decks in to catch the inside edge, hits him on the pad before rolling into the off-side
4.1
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, another attempted hack to the leg-side and since Zazai had to fetch it from outside off, he drags it off the toe-end to fine leg, just a single as Tahir tidies up
3.6
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, short of length and Zazai uses the left-armer's angle to tuck it to fine leg
3.6
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, wide, wastes the short delivery by spraying it down leg, Zazai didn't have to do anything as he pockets a wide
3.5
Hendricks to Noor Ali, 1 run, attacks the stumps with a length delivery, Noor Ali knocks it near the mid-on region and sets off for a quick single
3.4
Hendricks to Noor Ali, FOUR, tad overpitched and Hendricks has been put away. He goes searching for some movement and doesn't get any on this half volley, Noor Ali leans into the drive and places it square on the off-side, the timing takes care of the rest
3.3
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length around off, Noor Ali gets nicely behind the line to defend to point
3.2
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, he probing away in the channel around off for the right hander, Noor Ali makes a late decision to play and is well beaten
3.1
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, angled into the hips, Zazai tucks it away behind square leg, for a single
2.6
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, on a length outside off, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
2.5
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, short and at the body, Zazai swivels and pulls it along the ground to fine leg
2.4
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 2 runs, the ball plugs in the outfield and denies Zazai a boundary. Length ball and Zazai is quick to pick it, he swings it across the line over the infield and the ball just stops in front of the boundary rope
2.3
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, almost carried to square leg. Fuller on the stumps, Zazai clips it with a closed bat face and the ball lands just in front of Vander Dussen near square leg
2.2
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, oh! That is a beauty. More the line to bowl to Zazai. Pitched around middle and seamed away late, Zazai closed the bat face to whack it into the leg-side and is beaten comprehensively. It was not far away from the off-stump
2.1
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 2 runs, Rabada needs to keep it outside off for Zazai, this was on middle and leg-stump, nurdled away backward of square and the call was immediately for two, the duo get it with ease
1.6
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, maiden! Hendricks finishes with a sharp short delivery and Noor Ali is hurried into swaying away from the line, he does well in the end to get out of the way
1.5
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, slanted it across the right hander, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
1.4
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, short of length close to off, Noor Ali trusts the bounce on the surface and shoulders arms
1.3
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, nice channels. Lands it on a length and draws the batsman forward, there is a bit of seam movement which takes the ball further away from the right hander, Noor Ali has a feel for the ball and is beaten on the outside edge
1.2
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, good length ball on off, Noor Ali solidly behind the line to block it out
1.1
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, fuller and on off-stump, Noor Ali presents the full bat face and defends
0.6
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, ruins the over by gifting a nice juicy full toss on middle stump, Zazai accepts it gleefully, he was waiting for something in his zone as soon as he got one, he whips it away to deep backward square leg. No chance for Tahir in the deep
0.5
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, opens Zazai up and strikes him on the pad. Back of a length delivery an Zazai wanted to tuck it to the on-side, he fails to make contact and is struck on the thigh pad
0.4
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, good length ball around off, Zazai settles into a nice forward block
0.3
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, fullish and outside off, Zazai pushes it with hard hands to cover
0.2
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, now Rabada goes down in his followthrough. Fuller and around off, Zazai with cemented feet bunts it into the leg-side with a closed bat face. Some sawdust being applied near the landing area..
0.1
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, jaffa! An absolute peach from KG to kick-start proceedings. Zazai was cut into half. A back of a length delivery that nips in sharply, Zazai went nowhere with his footwork and just hung his bat out, the ball beats the inside edge and flies over the stumps
Commentary
Amla, David Miller, Imran Tahir, Faf du Plessis (c), Chris Morris,De Kock, Beuran Hendricks, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo
Hamid,Asghar Afghan,Nabi,Noor Ali,Aftab Alam,Naib,Shahidi,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Hazratullah Zazai
