41.1
Ferguson to Shahidi, out Caught by Matt Henry!! Shahidi backs away, slogs hard, and the outside edge flies down to third man where Henry takes a good catch sprinting in, stooping forward. Handy innings nevertheless, giving his team some respectability after the other batsmen crumbled wkt (10-172) min (143m). Shahidi c Matt Henry b Ferguson 59(99) [4s-9]
40.6
Boult to Hamid, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Hassan shoulders arms. Over survived, job done
40.5
Boult to Hamid, no run, yorker length delivery tailing away outside off, squeezed to backward point
40.4
Boult to Hamid, no run, full ball on leg stump, defended
40.3
Boult to Hamid, no run, short ball across off, Hassan's first instinct is to fend at it, but credit to him for pulling his bat inside the line and letting it through
40.2
Boult to Hamid, no run, speared in full on off, kept out by Hassan from the crease
40.1
Boult to Shahidi, 1 run, short of length delivery wide of off, Shahidi slaps it to deep point
39.6
Ferguson to Shahidi, 1 run, walks well outside off, Ferguson follows him with a slower ball but it doesn't stop Shahidi from retaining strike as he smartly steers it wide of point
39.5
Ferguson to Hamid, 1 run, fends this short of length delivery nicely into the vacant square leg region
39.4
Ferguson to Hamid, no run, length ball from round the wicket, swing and a miss from Hassan. Bounces over the stumps
39.3
Ferguson to Shahidi, 1 run, short of length at the body, Shahidi tucks it behind square
39.2
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, backs away to a short ball, tries a ramp and misses
39.1
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, overpitched, Shahidi makes quite some room and looks to drill hard but can only squeeze it to extra cover. Immediately takes the glove off in pain, his fingers throbbing still
38.6
Boult to Shahidi, 1 run, short of length at the hip, Shahidi is late on the pull but achieves the desired single as he gloves the ball behind square
38.5
Boult to Shahidi, no run, dug in short, a predictable response from Boult, Shahidi ducks
38.4
Boult to Shahidi, FOUR, full toss tailing in on middle and leg, whipped powerfully through midwicket. That raced off the bat
38.3
Boult to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery outside off, another miss from Shahidi who's clearly eyeing the boundary at third man
38.2
Boult to Shahidi, no run, short ball outside off, fails to connect with the attempted ramp
38.1
Boult to Shahidi, no run, banged in short, Shahidi drops down on the floor in a heap but evades it successfully
37.6
Ferguson to Hamid, no run, into the rib-cage, Hamid is late trying to fend it off, takes one on the body
37.5
Ferguson to Hamid, no run, short ball, attempted hook, he misses, and that's through to Latham
37.4
Ferguson to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Shahidi has a drive at the fuller one, gets a thick outside edge to third man for a single
37.3
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, full and wide outside off, Shahidi backs away and tries making contact with a horizontal bat, misses
37.2
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, shorter one, Shahidi backs away and tries to pummel it over the on-side, misses
37.1
Ferguson to Shahidi, FOUR, angling in towards the stumps, full, Shahidi backs away into the on-side and swats it away cross-batted towards the long-on boundary for four. That's the fifty for Shahidi - one that started with no runs off 19 balls, but ended up being one of the defining knocks of the innings
36.6
Boult to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller length delivery on middle, clipped to mid-on for a sharp single to keep the strike
36.5
Boult to Shahidi, no run, errs on the fuller side while trying the yorker, a mistimed slog to mid-on
36.4
Boult to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery skidding through, Shahidi has a go at a cut through point, misses
36.3
Boult to Shahidi, no run, fuller length delivery on off, chipped towards mid-off on the bounce
36.2
Boult to Shahidi, FOUR, short at the stumps, Shahidi backs away and has a go at a drag of a pull from outside off towards the on-side, gets a massive top-edge that goes high into the overcast sky and lands close to the fine leg fence - rolls away in the end
36.1
Boult to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, defended off a hop
35.6
Ferguson to Hamid, 2 runs, shortish into the body, skiddy, pulled away off the lower half of the horizontal bat to deep square leg for a couple
35.5
Ferguson to Hamid, FOUR, fuller length delivery on off and middle, 144km/h, Hamid tries digging it out and inadvertently times the pants off it! Races through to the long-on fence for four!
35.4
Ferguson to Alam, out Caught by Latham! Finally, he departs! Short again, Alam plays the exact same slog into the on-side again, manages to get a huge top-edge that swerves and flies towards third man - Latham rushes towards the fence with his goggles on, settles under a misbehaving ball, swerving in the air continuously, until he settles under his 5th catch of the day. A thoroughly entertaining cameo from Aftab comes to an end wkt (9-147) min (10m). Alam c Latham b Ferguson 14(10) [4s-3]
35.3
Ferguson to Alam, no run, shortish again, Alam - same shot - clearing the leg and a hoick into the on-side. Only problem? He misses...
35.2
Ferguson to Alam, FOUR, length delivery, Alam is through with the shot before the ball arrives, manages to gets a top-edge over the 'keeper towards the long-stop fence for a one-bounce four
35.1
Ferguson to Alam, FOUR, short, skiddy, into the body, Alam has one approach - clears his front-leg and carts it away past a diving midwicket to the cow corner fence for four
34.6
Boult to Alam, 1 run, skids through on off from a good length, steered away towards third man with a late-ish cut for a single
34.5
Boult to Alam, no run, his trigger is the front-leg moving towards midwicket, as he throws the kitchen-sink at that swat into the on-side, misses
34.4
Boult to Shahidi, 1 run, yorker length delivery on middle, dug out with an angled bat towards backward point for a single
34.3
Boult to Alam, 1 run, half-volley outside off, clears the front-leg, does Alam, and flays that away towards sweeper cover for a single
34.2
Boult to Alam, no run, another short one, 140km/h, Alam sways out of the line of that
34.1
Boult to Shahidi, 1 run, short one, a tad slow, stops in the wicket, and a delayed guide-pull with an elevated front-leg behind square leg for a single
33.6
Ferguson to Alam, no run, short one! Yessss, this is good old-fashioned fast bowling. You dare hit me for four? Here's a bouncer! Hurries onto the batsman, who's already backing away into the on-side, and manages to cross-bat it back to the bowler off the sticker
33.5
Ferguson to Alam, FOUR, the backlifts over his head before the bowler is into his gather, clears his leg, sees it in the slot, and clubs it through the covers for four
33.4
Ferguson to Rashid Khan, out Bowled! Stop the press: Nasty blow to the head! Ducks right into a short ball @138km/h after committing to the frontfoot, tries fending with his bat but its smashed into his grilled, onto the pitch and the pace carries the ball onto the stumps to dislodge the zinger wkt (8-131) min (7m). Rashid Khan b Ferguson 0(4)
33.3
Ferguson to Rashid Khan, no run, short and angling in, Rashid Khan backs away and throws his hands at the cut, but the extra bounce makes sure that it flies over the top-edge
33.2
Ferguson to Shahidi, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, Shahidi goes at the drive, gets a massive outside edge that almost carries to gully - deflects off the hands of the fielder towards square third man for a single
33.1
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, short ball at the head, Shahidi ducks under the bouncer and it sails through to the 'keeper
32.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Rashid Khan, no run, half-volley outside off, a firm check drive to cover where the fielder dives to cut it off
32.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Rashid Khan, no run, back of a length delivery just in the channel outside off, Rashid Khan opens the face and pokes it away behind point
32.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Ikram Alikhil, out Caught by Guptill! A long and tedious stay, and the "break free" results in his wicket! A full one, rather wide outside off, Ikram Alikhil sees it as an opportunity to break the shackles, gets on his knee and square drives - only to get the placement horribly wrong. Straight to Guptill at backward point. Alikhil's unproductive resistance comes to an end wkt (7-130) min (34m). Ikram Alikhil c Guptill b Colinde Grandhomme 2(22)
32.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Ikram Alikhil, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, poked away towards point
32.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Ikram Alikhil, no run, good length delivery on off, defended from the crease
32.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Ikram Alikhil, no run,
31.6
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, round the wicket, short of length, seams back in, cuts the ugly waft in half - through to the 'keeper past the inside edge
31.5
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery on the hips, tucked into the on-side
31.4
Ferguson to Ikram Alikhil, 1 run, good length delivery skidding on off, Ikram Alikhil tries punching into the off-side, gets a thick inside edge in front of square leg, and they run across. An attempted left-handed throw at the striker's end, one stump, from Munro - terrible aim with his wrong arm, and he misses by a long way. Also, the non-striker, Shahidi, was in
31.3
Ferguson to Ikram Alikhil, no run, good length delivery on off, Ikram Alikhil gets back and across and defends
31.2
Ferguson to Ikram Alikhil, no run, angling away from over the wicket, a bit of seam, whizzes past the outside edge of the shoulder of that backfoot defensive from Ikram Alikhil
31.1
Ferguson to Ikram Alikhil, no run, back of a length delivery on off, Ikram Alikhil hops back into a defence
30.6
Matt Henry to Ikram Alikhil, 1 run, dropped by Taylor at fly slip! Steep bounce, not a lot of width, Ikram Alikhil rises with the ball and tries cutting, not very positive in his approach, gets a thick top-edge and it flies towards slip - Taylor tries leaping up with one hand and it bounces off his palm towards third man. Single taken
30.5
Matt Henry to Ikram Alikhil, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Ikram Alikhil leans forward and pushes it to cover
30.4
Matt Henry to Ikram Alikhil, no run, short one, not quite over head-high, Ikram Alikhil's taken his eye off the ball will a blind, half-hearted hook, and no contact
30.3
Matt Henry to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the pads, clipped away towards deep mid-wicket for a single
30.2
Matt Henry to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery just outside off, an open-faced guide to backward point, where Guptill dives full-stretch to his left to cut it off - uber-athletic stuff
30.1
Matt Henry to Shahidi, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven straight to cover
29.6
Neesham to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, clipped towards midwicket for a single - and that's the end of a fantastic spell for Neesham. A World Cup five-fer is the stuff of dreams.
29.5
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery on off, Shahidi is tall in his stance and he defends it towards point
29.4
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery angling fractionally wide outside off, Shahidi steps across and shoulders arms
29.3
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery skidding outside off, Shahidi defends quickly off the backfoot
29.2
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery angling away outside off, and that's another leave
29.1
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery angling outside off, Shahidi shoulders arms
28.6
Matt Henry to Ikram Alikhil, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, steered off the backfoot towards gully
28.5
Matt Henry to Ikram Alikhil, no run, wide-ish yorker length delivery, dug out with an angled bat towards point
28.4
Matt Henry to Shahidi, 1 run, short and wide, slapped away wristily towards deep point for a single
28.3
Matt Henry to Shahidi, no run, short ball, loads of bounce, Shahidi ducks under it
28.2
Matt Henry to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery just outside off, a compact push towards cover by Hashmatullah
28.1
Matt Henry to Shahidi, FOUR, good length delivery angling away and just holding its line with a bit of seaming movement, Shahidi tries leaning into a cover drive, commits to the line, and gets a thick inside edge to fine leg for four
27.6
Neesham to Ikram Alikhil, no run, good length delivery angling outside off, deadbatted after a trigger movement across
27.5
Neesham to Ikram Alikhil, no run, short and wide this time, left alone by Ikram Alikhil
27.4
Neesham to Ikram Alikhil, no run, a short one at the body, Ikram Alikhil has to arch back to get out of the line, as it fizzes past his left ear
27.3
Neesham to Ikram Alikhil, no run, full and angling away outside off, Ikram Alikhil leans into a well-timed drive, almost gets past extra cover but not quite - a fantastic diving save by Santner. A boundary saved.
27.2
Neesham to Ikram Alikhil, no run, short of length delivery on off, blocked off the backfoot towards cover point
27.1
Neesham to Shahidi, 1 run, shortish on off, Shahidi backs away and taps it on the head to glide it towards third man for a single
26.6
Matt Henry to Ikram Alikhil, no run, short of length delivery on off, Ikram Alikhil hops to ride the bounces and drops it into the wicket
26.5
Matt Henry to Shahidi, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, on his toes and punches it away towards sweeper cover for a single - a misfield inside the circle, which allows the run
26.4
Matt Henry to Shahidi, no run, shortish, not enough room to free the arms, chopped into the ground towards cover point
26.3
Matt Henry to Shahidi, no run, angling away, back of a length, jags back in and catches Shahidi's tentative inside edge - smashes into the thigh
26.2
Matt Henry to Shahidi, no run, a short one at the body, Shahidi ducks right underneath it
26.1
Matt Henry to Shahidi, FOUR, wide half-volley, Shahidi lays into the drive through the gap on the off-side and gets it away to the deep extra cover fence for four
25.6
Neesham to Shahidi, 1 run, short of length delivery, Shahidi hops and taps it on the head towards third man for a single
25.5
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, shortish, stops in the wicket, Shahidi sways out of the way but has a waft after spotting the lack of pace - misses
25.4
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, fuller length delivery on off, punched firmly to mid-off
25.3
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery marginally wide outside off going away with the over the wicket angle, Shahidi leaves it alone
25.2
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery on the thigh, a hop and a tuck into the on-side
25.1
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery just outside off, defended to cover point
24.6
Boult to Ikram Alikhil, no run, short one but a tad wider than intended, Ikram Alikhil sways out of the way
24.5
Boult to Ikram Alikhil, no run, fuller length delivery on middle, check-driven to mid-on, a misfield, thinking about a run, and mission aborted
24.4
Boult to Ikram Alikhil, no run, good length delivery skidding on off and middle, deadbatted hastily
24.3
Boult to Shahidi, 1 run, knocked away to mid-wicket
24.2
Boult to Shahidi, no run, beaten, short of length delivery outside off stump, Shahidi tries to defend, but the ball goes past the edge thanks to pace and bounce
24.1
Boult to Shahidi, FOUR, nice hit off the pads, for a moment looked like he was in trouble moving across to this full delivery but has managed to flick to deep backward square leg, timed it well as he watched the ball close
23.6
Neesham to Najibullah, out Caught by Latham!! It's that bounce that is working for him. Has a perfect action to hit the deck with the use of his shoulder. This one has jumped on Najibullah, who tries to fend off the back foot and gloves it to the keeper. Maiden ODI fifer for Neesham wkt (6-109) min (2m). Najibullah c Latham b Neesham 4(3) [4s-1]
23.5
Neesham to Najibullah, FOUR, just a back foot push, with no feet though. That didn't matter because Neesham bowled short and outside off stump, hit in the gap through cover-point and it's running off
23.4
Neesham to Najibullah, no run, solid in defence is Najibullah to this length delivery
23.3
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, out Caught by Latham!! Edged and taken. This bloke has been getting bounce from short of length from this surface. Bowled this cross-seamed and it bounced on Mohammad Nabi, who played a half-hearted dab. Got a thick edge and Latham pouched this wkt (5-105) min (42m). Mohammad Nabi c Latham b Neesham 9(24)
23.2
Neesham to Shahidi, 1 run, clear change in approach from Shahidi after the first rain break, he's playing a lot more shot, nice cut shot this time to deep point
23.1
Neesham to Shahidi, FOUR, starts with a delivery down the leg-side, Shahidi glances it fine and beats fine leg. Neesham kicks the turf in disgust
22.6
Boult to Mohammad Nabi, no run, carefully defended to cover
22.5
Boult to Mohammad Nabi, no run, shortish and rising, Mohammad Nabi hops in his defence
22.4
Boult to Shahidi, 1 run, steered down to third man, 100 up for Afghanistan
22.3
Boult to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery around off the stump, Shahidi defends off the back foot
22.2
Boult to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Shahidi defends to backward point
22.1
Boult to Shahidi, no run, bouncer, Shahidi ducks under it
21.6
Neesham to Shahidi, 1 run, square-drives to the deep and keeps strike
21.5
Neesham to Shahidi, leg byes, 4, leg-side delivery, Shahidi missed the tickle, the ball flies off the pad, Latham couldn't cut it off diving to his right
21.4
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, full and angling across the right-hander, Shahidi shoulders arms
21.3
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, leg byes, 1 run, short and on the leg stump, Mohammad Nabi tried to help that down to fine leg but wore it on the thigh pad
21.2
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, cut away late past backward point as Neesham offers width, CDG cuts it off sliding to his right
21.2
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, wide, the bouncer attempted, but it's too high
21.1
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Mohammad Nabi defends off the front foot
20.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, decent-looking cover drive with an angled bat and it rolls to deep point
20.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Mohammad Nabi, no run, gently blocked from the crease this time
20.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Mohammad Nabi, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, Mohammad Nabi defends to short cover
20.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Mohammad Nabi, no run, defended from the middle of the bat
20.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, 1 run, good to see Shahidi play his shots, was very sedate before rain, looks like he's had some talk in the break
20.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, FOUR, nice shot! Overpitched delivery outside off stump, Shahidi leans nicely forward and cover-drives the ball in the gap for four
19.6
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, that's funny! Mohammad Nabi lofted this in the air over mid-off, but the ball just plugged into the outfield, didn't bounce at all
19.6
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, wide, short and down the leg-side, Mohammad Nabi fails to tickle it fine
19.5
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, no run, defended straight back to the bowler
19.4
Neesham to Shahidi, 1 run, on the leg stump, Shahidi flicks it to backward square leg, Munro cuts it off and denies the second run
19.3
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, full and outside off stump, left alone
19.2
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, short and wide outside off stump, left alone
19.1
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, oh inside edge rolls to fine leg, full delivery on the off stump, Mohammad Nabi gets his bat down late and gets an edge
18.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, opens the face of the bat and guides it to third man
18.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, 1 run, dabbed to third man and the crowd is cheering every run off his bat, he's been so reluctant
18.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, FOUR, that's a nice back foot cut shot, the man at backward point dived full length to his left, Shahidi has woken up, he's hit a boundary
18.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, no run, now Shahidi gives the charge, only to push badly away from the body and miss it
18.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, defended in the gap to deep cover
18.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fullish ball outside off stump, defended off the front foot
17.6
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, blocked to backward point
17.5
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Shahidi blocks off the front foot
17.4
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, beaten! Short of a length moving across the left-hander, Shahidi plays the late-cut but makes no contact
17.3
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, defended off the middle of the bat to the right of the bowler
17.2
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, swing and a miss, short of length delivery wide outside off stump, Shahidi slashes but makes no contact
17.1
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, Shahidi is squared up completely by this fullish delivery, the leading edge rolls to backward point, who dives to his left and stops the ball
16.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, 1 run, finally he opens his account. Took 20 balls and the crowd lets out a loud cheer
16.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Shahidi defends to point
16.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, no run, walks forward but does nothing, just defended to cover
16.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, no run, Shahidi wanted to drive this full delivery through cover, but he got an inside edge that rolled to mid-on
16.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, no run, defended off the back foot
16.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Shahidi, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Shahidi defends it to point
15.6
Ferguson to Mohammad Nabi, no run, Ferguson has bowled three maiden overs on the trot. Short delivery on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi sways out. Good follow-up delivery after the driving length previous ball
15.5
Ferguson to Mohammad Nabi, no run, Mohammad Nabi goes for the drive this time, but the ball nips away off the seam and beats the bat. 17 successive dots for Ferguson
15.4
Ferguson to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Mohammad Nabi wants to get his eye in, lets it pass
15.3
Ferguson to Mohammad Nabi, no run, covers the line of the stumps and lets this good length delivery sail through
15.2
Ferguson to Mohammad Nabi, no run, fullish and outside off stump, Mohammad Nabi shoulders arms
15.1
Ferguson to Mohammad Nabi, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Mohammad Nabi works it into the on-side
14.6
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, lovely delivery. Full and angling away, draws Shahidi forward on the drive and beats the edge. Almost another for New Zealand
14.5
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, Shahidi defends off the back foot
14.4
Neesham to Shahidi, no run, Neesham banging the ball into the pitch and getting some bounce, Shahidi defends off the back foot
14.3
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, down the leg-side, Mohammad Nabi glances it to fine leg and gets off the mark
14.2
Neesham to Mohammad Nabi, no run, covers the line and defends
14.1
Neesham to Gulbadin Naib, out Caught by Latham!! Tom Latham immediately started celebrating after collecting the ball, but Gulbadin Naib looked surprised at the decision. Umpire Aleem Dar raised his finger in a flash. It was a short delivery wide outside off stump, looked like a wide. Gulbadin Naib chased that and tried to slap, got a faint edge which he didn't feel and gulped the review as well wkt (4-70) min (9m). Gulbadin Naib c Latham b Neesham 4(4) [4s-1]
13.6
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, defended off the back foot, back-to-back maiden overs
13.5
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Shahidi defends it to backward point off the back foot
13.4
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, beaten, short and angled across, Shahidi plays inside the line of this delivery and misses. Shahidi struggling with the angle across him
13.3
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, Shahidi covers the stumps, lifts his bat and lets it go
13.2
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, pacy short delivery, Shahidi ducks under it
13.1
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Shahidi defends it to backward point
12.6
Neesham to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, down the ground and off the mark in style. Short delivery just around the off stump, Gulbadin Naib stays leg-side and flat-bats it hard over the umpire's head
12.5
Neesham to Gulbadin Naib, no run, short and rising, Gulbadin Naib hops and defends
12.4
Neesham to Gulbadin Naib, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Gulbadin Naib defends into the off-side
12.3
Neesham to Rahmat, out Caught by Guptill!! Got him! Unlucky for the batsman. Rahmat Shah wanted to flick this short of length delivery down the leg-side, closed the bat face early, the line was on the leg stump actually but the ball flew straight to Guptill at backward point. From 66/0, Afghanistan have slumped to 66/3 wkt (3-66) min (10m). Rahmat c Guptill b Neesham 0(4)
12.2
Neesham to Rahmat, no run, good carry for Neesham, hits the deck hard with this short of length delivery, Rahmat lets it pass
12.1
Neesham to Rahmat, no run, good length ball on off, Shah is nicely behind the line to defend to cover
11.6
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, wicket maiden! That is a top nut. Fiery and too good for Shahidi. Back of a length at 147kph, the ball gains in angle and beats the outside edge of Shahidi's bat. Thuds into the mitts of Latham
11.5
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, good length ball on the stumps, Shahidi watchfully defends it back
11.4
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, second for the over and the same has been signalled to the batsman and Ferguson. Bouncer slanting away from Shahidi, who had a rather easy leave as compared to the previous one
11.3
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, sharp bouncer angled across the batsman, Shahidi sits down and allows it to sail over him
11.2
Ferguson to Shahidi, no run, back of a length around off, Shahidi squirts it off the inside edge and doesn't know where the ball is, it rolls to square leg and Shah makes sure that he knows
11.1
Ferguson to Noor Ali, out Caught by Latham!! Two wickets in three balls. Both openers sent back in succession. Another well executed wicket. There was a leg gully in place and Noor Ali knew that the short stuff was coming his way. It was angled into him and he shuffled across to get inside the line, tries to glance it from there but the pace of Ferguson is too good, the ball kisses the glove and flies to Latham, who holds on to a good catch wkt (2-66) min (52m). Noor Ali c Latham b Ferguson 31(38) [4s-5]
10.6
Neesham to Rahmat, no run, back of a length and the ball holds its line, Shah has a flirt and a miss
10.5
Neesham to Hazratullah Zazai, out Caught by Munro!! Gone! That is a planned wicket. New Zealand have been inconsistent with their line to Zazai but this time Neesham gets it right. Full and outside off, Zazai had to reach out for the drive and he was never looking to keep it down, slices it straight to the incoming sweeper cover. Munro takes a good catch. New Zealand needed that and Neesham as he so often does provides the breakthrough wkt (1-66) min (48m). Hazratullah Zazai c Munro b Neesham 34(28) [4s-5 6s-1]
10.4
Neesham to Noor Ali, 1 run, straying on the pads, Noor Ali flicks it away in front of square, for a single
10.3
Neesham to Noor Ali, no run, short of length around off, Noor Ali rides the bounce and stabs it into the off-side
10.2
Neesham to Noor Ali, FOUR, shot! Noor Ali has played some of the eye-pleasing shots today. Half volley outside off, Noor Ali relies on timing it straight of mid-off rather than blasting it through, the ball beats KW comfortably
10.1
Neesham to Noor Ali, no run, uhh! That is a good start from Neesham. He gets it to lift from a length and Noor Ali is taken by surprise, he was pressing forward to defend but does well to get his bat/glove out of the way in time
9.6
Ferguson to Noor Ali, 1 run, rushes the batsman with a short of length delivery, tucked away backward of square leg
9.5
Ferguson to Noor Ali, FOUR, boundaries continue to flow.. If it is not Zazai then it is Noor Ali. The more conventional shots coming from his willow. Fuller and outside off, Noor Ali leans into the drive and creams it square on the off-side
9.4
Ferguson to Noor Ali, no run, another short delivery at 142kph, Noor Ali this time decides to sway away from the line
9.3
Ferguson to Noor Ali, no run, 141kph short of length delivery around off, Noor Ali has a feel for the ball and is beaten on the outside edge.
9.2
Ferguson to Hazratullah Zazai, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length and Zazai fails to meet with the flick, the ball thuds off the thigh pad
9.1
Ferguson to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, poor bowling. Pacy full delivery on the pads, Zazai had nothing much to do, waits for the ball and tickles it away fine to the fence. Need to get the line right against this guy
8.6
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, short of length and Zazai fetches the pull from outside off, strikes it well but there is cover in the deep as Guptill cuts down the angle near deep mid-wicket and keeps it down to a single
8.5
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, change of pace and keep it away from his range, Zazai swings and misses
8.4
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, Zazai sends it flying through the off-side now. Fraction short and outside off, Zazai had the width to free his arms and he absolutely smashes it over cover
8.3
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, goes back to the line outside off, Zazai is nowhere close to the heave. The ball keeps gaining in angle and beats the outside edge. That might have been the message from KW after the six
8.2
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, SIX, wow! That is some hit from the left hander. But Henry helped him by bowling it in his arc, back of a length on off-stump, Zazai with a cleared front leg swings it away to deep square leg. He got so much of it that the ball cleared the ground. New ball please!
8.1
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, 1 run, once again Noor Ali plays with soft hands, allows the ball to arrive and opens his bat face to run it past gully
7.6
Boult to Noor Ali, 1 run, on a length outside off, Noor Ali angles it away to third man
7.5
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, back to back bumpers from Boult, Noor Ali is taking no chances, he is happy to sit down and let it go. Two for the over signals the umpire
7.4
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, bouncer on the stumps, Noor Ali ducks down and evades it comfortably
7.3
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, fuller and luring the batsman into a drive outside off, Noor Ali obliges and is beaten on the outside edge
7.2
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, dropped! Taylor puts it down at first slip. Zazai is completed opened up by this good length delivery that straightens, the bat face is closed and the leading edge flies to Taylor, who leaps up with one hand and parries it over. He was surprised by the pace on the ball and it didn't give him time to react
7.1
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, very close to being called a wide. Boult in an attempt to keep it away from Zazai's range bowls it way outside off, the slash is missed and Boult gets away with it
6.6
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, fullish and drawing the batsman forward, Noor Ali squirts it off the outer half to backward point, another good stop by New Zealand and this time it was Santner
6.5
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, on the shorter side and Noor Ali is forced into a hop and block into the off-side
6.4
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, good stop from Neesham. Noor Ali rides the bounce and punches the back of a length delivery towards cover, where the allrounder slides across and saves a certain boundary
6.3
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length around off, Noor Ali bunts it into the off-side
6.2
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, FOUR, fabulous shot! This is turning out to be a fine start for Afghanistan. Straighter line - on middle and leg, Noor Ali flicks it elegantly with his back leg in the air past mid-on and the ball beat the fielder in no time
6.1
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, short of length on off, Noor Ali hops and punches it to mid-off
5.6
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, back of a length around off, Zazai punches it to backward point
5.5
Boult to Noor Ali, 1 run, good length ball and Noor Ali is caught in the crease, squirts a thick outside edge to third man
5.4
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, shortens the length and gets it to seam away around off, Noor Ali is opened up and beaten comprehensively on the outside edge. He knows that was very to his willow and lets out a sigh of relief
5.3
Boult to Noor Ali, FOUR, this is good cricket from Noor Ali. He is picking the deliveries he can score off. This was a low full toss outside off and though the drive came off the cue-end, the ball raced past Williamson at mid-off
5.2
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, on a length and angled outside off, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
5.1
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, short delivery and Zazai plays it well, rolls his wrists and pulls it along the ground to fine leg
4.6
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, fuller and close to off, Noor Ali respects it with a straight-batted block
4.5
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, this time Zazai evades three fielders. Very similar shot to the last shot he got away with, a big heave into the leg-side to a length delivery and CdG called for it running back from mid-on, there was Guptill also following him from mid-wicket and Neesham, but CdG went with one-hand and dropped it
4.4
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, Henry is getting the line right to Zazai. He pushes this well across the left hander, Zazai swings and misses. He needs to pick the right deliveries
4.3
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, 2 runs, in the air and lands safely. Good length ball and Zazai had to fetch it from outside off, gets it off the toe-end and got a lot of air time, CdG ran back from mid-on and Neesham charged across from deep mid-wicket, the ball fell away from both of them
4.2
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, 1 run, fuller and on the fourth stump line, Noor Ali pushes off the outer half to the right of cover, quick single
4.1
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, FOUR, top shot! All class from Noor Ali. He gets an overpitched delivery and he ensures it is put away. A nice clean flow of the bat and he creams the drive past Henry, there was no stopping that
3.6
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, swing and miss. That is what you get with Zazai. He sees the length delivery just outside off and goes for the big loft through the line, the ball straightens a touch to beat the swinging blade
3.5
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, half hearted appeal for LBW. Umpire Gough is not convinced. There was a big inside edge. The ball tails in from a fullish length and Zazai just manages to bring his bat down to jam it onto the pad
3.4
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, short of length close to off, Zazai stands upright to knock it to cover
3.3
Boult to Noor Ali, 1 run, on a length around off, Noor Ali plays it close to his body and runs it down to third man
3.2
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, very full and close to yorker length outside off, Noor Ali is not able to squeeze it out
3.1
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, good length ball on off, Noor Ali is opened up as he stabs it in front of point
2.6
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, pitches it up around off, Zazai prods forward and defends solidly
2.5
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, 1 run, back of a length just outside off, dabbed behind point and they steal a quick single
2.4
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, similar kind of delivery to the previous one and this time Noor Ali gets an inside edge, the feet are not moving and hence he's finding it hard to find the middle
2.3
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, nips back in from a short of length and catches Noor Ali to the crease, beaten on the inside edge and struck high on the thigh pad
2.2
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, anything around off-stump and Zazai is going to go leg-side, he heaves this length delivery on the bounce to deep square leg. Lucky that he didn't get it off the middle
2.1
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, short of length outside off, Zazai rides the bounce and pats it to cover
1.6
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, fullish and around off, Noor Ali walks into a forward push to mid-off
1.5
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length on leg-stump, Noor Ali is right behind the line to defend
1.4
Boult to Noor Ali, 2 runs, full and had Noor Ali in all sorts of tangle, the batsman was opened up and the ball squirted off the outer half past point, Santner gives chase and keeps it down to a brace
1.3
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, strays on the pads, Zazai glances it away to fine leg where CdG cleans up
1.2
Boult to Noor Ali, 1 run, Noor Ali was in a dilemma whether to leave or play the good length delivery outside off, he was late in lifting his bat and the ball takes the toe-end before running past Guptill at second slip
1.1
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, fuller and outside off, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
0.6
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, good length ball slanting across the southpaw, Zazai feels for the ball with feet stuck in cement and is beaten on the outside edge. That is the line to bowl - outside off
0.5
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, hat-trick of boundaries. This is the best of the lot. Stand and deliver stuff. Picked the back of a length delivery from outside off and pummeled it past mid-wicket. All power!
0.4
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, edged and four. That is more the line and length to bowl to Zazai. On a length and angled across the left hander, the ball seams away a touch as well, Zazai goes half-hearted on his waft and the outside edge flies over a leaping Taylor at first slip
0.3
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, Zazai and Afghanistan are away. Short and down leg, Zazai swivels and just helps it along the way, it was a mere tap on the head and the ball raced away to fine leg
0.2
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, once more tad short and allowing Zazai to adjust on the back foot as he bunts it back
0.1
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, starts with a back of a length delivery and there is no movement whatsoever, goes gun-barrel straight and Zazai stands tall to drop it down the wicket
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Ferguson
Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Ikram Alikhil,Alam,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Noor Ali
