39.5
Stokes to Tahir, out Caught by Root!! Tahir bowled the first delivery of this game and he is the last batsman to get out. Just guided a classic set-up delivery to Root at first slip. England record a resounding victory [104 runs] against South Africa in the tournament opener. What.A.Start. for the hosts wkt (10-207) min (2m). Tahir c Root b Stokes 0(1)
39.4
Stokes to Rabada, out Caught by Plunkett!! Ben Stokes can do nothing wrong today. Asks Rabada to go after a short ball and the latter obliges with what seemed like a crunching pull shot, only if he had timed it better, wasn't to be. Plunkett lurking at deep mid-wicket fence tumbles low and takes a fine catch running forward wkt (9-207) min (23m). Rabada c Plunkett b Stokes 11(19) [4s-2]
39.3
Stokes to Rabada, leg byes, 4, errs in line, sends it down the leg-side and Rabada's back pad helps the ball deflect to the fine leg fence
39.2
Stokes to Rabada, no run, slogged away and it drops just short of the man (Morgan) at mid-wicket
39.1
Stokes to Rabada, FOUR, wobbly seam short of length delivery wide of off, Rabada opens the bat face and sends an educated edge wide of the keeper
38.6
Plunkett to Lungi Ngidi, no run, staright-batted, blocked to point
38.5
Plunkett to Lungi Ngidi, no run, cross-seam length delivery on the stumps, Ngidi swings in hope but all he can manage is a thigh pad en route to the keeper
38.4
Plunkett to Lungi Ngidi, SIX, whoa! Look at that flamboyance from Lungi. Even Rabada likes it, taps his partner on the back and shares a beaming smile. It was full and zoning in towards the stumps, Ngidi ambled forward and used his bottom hand power to thump it clean and straight over wide long-on. He was one-legged when he executed the shot and that ignited a bit of cheer from the crowd
38.3
Plunkett to Lungi Ngidi, no run, 135ks hit-me outside off, two-paced pitch means, even a clean swing of the willow won't do
38.2
Plunkett to Lungi Ngidi, no run, full delivery on off-stump, Ngidi drives but can't pierce the gap on the off-side
38.1
Plunkett to Amla, out Caught by Buttler!! Amla walks.... England are bouncing South Africa out at the KIA Oval. A slower short ball wide of off, Amla went chasing but there was hardly any intent on the shot and on replays, it looked more of a lazy poke. A small feather of a nick on the pull and Buttler does the rest. England 2 away. Plunkett was slightly late to join the half-hearted appeal from Buttler, but Amla had no plans to wait for the umpire's verdict wkt (8-193) min (46m). Amla c Buttler b Plunkett 13(23) [4s-1]
37.6
Stokes to Amla, 1 run, nudged away round the corner
37.5
Stokes to Rabada, 1 run, back of a length on off-stump, Rabada drops it with soft hands in front of cover and nabs a quick single
37.4
Stokes to Rabada, no run, slower full delivery down leg, Rabada looks to get bat on the flick but no dice
37.3
Stokes to Rabada, no run, back of a length on middle and leg, tapped back to the bowler
37.2
Stokes to Rabada, FOUR, just over captain Morga at mid-wicket. Dug in short and Rabada wasn't backing away from this, leant on his back foot and nailed the pull, not off the middle but got just enough to clear the leaping fielder at the edge of the ring
37.1
Stokes to Amla, 1 run, fullish outside off, Amla happy to post it wide of cover
36.6
Plunkett to Rabada, no run, no feet, tries to drive a fullish delivery and instead inside-edges it back onto his pad
36.5
Plunkett to Amla, 1 run, length delivery on the stumps, worked away wide of mid-wicket
36.4
Plunkett to Rabada, 1 run, short and although Rabada got hurried by the pace, he managed to swat the pull wide of fine leg
36.3
Plunkett to Rabada, no run, pounds it short around the fifth stump channel, Rabada waits inside the crease and half-ducks at the last minute to avoid the line of fire
36.2
Plunkett to Amla, 1 run, another cutter from Plunkett, Amla shuffles across and tucks it off his pads through square leg
36.1
Plunkett to Amla, no run, slower ball darting away outside off, Amla chases and ends up chopping it off the bottom edge in front of the keeper
35.6
Stokes to Rabada, no run, keeps the bat face open and guides a length ball into the backward point area
35.5
Stokes to Rabada, no run, blocked away into the off-side
35.4
Stokes to Rabada, no run, short and wide of off, Rabada goes for the pull but mistimes it off the splice in front of mid-on
35.3
Stokes to Rabada, no run, on a length and targetting the stumps at 136ks, Rabada is happy to tap it with soft hands into the off-side
35.2
Stokes to Rabada, no run, 134ks angling away on a good length outside off, Rabada opens the bat face and checks his punch in front of point
35.1
Stokes to Amla, 1 run, back of a length angling into middle and leg, Amla hops back and works it off his hip through mid-wicket
34.6
Adil Rashid to Amla, 1 run, hint of width outside off and Amla forces it through covers for a strike-retaining single
34.5
Adil Rashid to Amla, no run, hangs back and punches the legbreak to cover
34.4
Adil Rashid to Rabada, 1 run, gets slightly forward and pushes the tossed up delivery wide of mid-on
34.3
Adil Rashid to Rabada, no run, stays back and eases the full ball wide of mid-on
34.2
Adil Rashid to Rabada, no run, quicker outside off, tapped away into the off-side
34.1
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, out Caught by Stokes!! Okay folks! Mark this. Ben Stokes has pulled off one of the greatest catches in World cricket. Nice floaty length around the pads and so Phehlukwayo thought he can slog sweep Adil Rashid over mid-wicket; went for the stroke and he seemed to have connected alright....until a freaky Ben Stokes intervened mid-air and caught it one-handed throwing himself backwards around the deep mid-wicket fence. What more? He had it reverse cupped one hand and balanced himself so nonchalantly. Sign of a supreme athlete? Add your over own adjectives please.... PURE MAGIC. After grabbing the specky, Stokes took a breif while to gather himself, stood stunned and kicked the ball to soak it all in wkt (7-180) min (34m). Catch of the tournament already? Phehlukwayo c Stokes b Adil Rashid 24(25) [4s-4]
33.6
Jofra Archer to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, back of a length outside off, pushed away towards the point region
33.5
Jofra Archer to Phehlukwayo, no run, shortish and angled in around off, defended solidly from the crease
33.5
Jofra Archer to Phehlukwayo, wide, banged in short but it's too high and over Phehlukwayo's head
33.4
Jofra Archer to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, wrong line and Phehlukwayo picks it away. Strayed down the leg-side did Archer and it's glanced fine down the leg-side
33.3
Jofra Archer to Phehlukwayo, no run, angled into Phehlukwayo from around off, defended well towards point
33.2
Jofra Archer to Amla, 1 run, another fine save, it's Roy again, this time at backward point with a good dive. Was a nice-timed cut from Amla as he climbed into this shortish length delivery
33.1
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, fuller and around off, Amla defends it down the track to Archer
32.6
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, no run, beautiful googly, squares up Phehlukwayo totally as he plays inside the line
32.5
Adil Rashid to Amla, 1 run, flatter one on leg stump, worked away to deep square leg
32.4
Adil Rashid to Amla, no run, loopy leg break outside off, Amla lunges forward to defend it to cover
32.3
Adil Rashid to Amla, no run, drifting in from outside off, defended off the back foot to cover
32.2
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, another sweep, this is more conventional and helped away through backward square leg
32.1
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, brilliant hit! Phehlukwayo gets across for the slog sweep and makes good contact. Well wide of deep mid-wicket and it finds the fence
31.6
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, sharp bumper, what else did we expect? Amla expected it too and sways away early
31.5
Jofra Archer to Vander Dussen, out Caught by Moeen Ali!! There's the wicket! Morgan brought back Archer precisely to take out a wicket, preferably Vander Dussen's and that's exactly what England's latest pace sensation has done. The heavy ball, good pace as well from Archer and RVD is very late on the pull. Toe-ends it uppishly and there is no distance at all on it. Mid-on gets across a few steps and pouches it with ease wkt (6-167) min (85m). Vander Dussen c Moeen Ali b Jofra Archer 50(61) [4s-4 6s-1]
31.4
Jofra Archer to Vander Dussen, no run, Archer is stringing up the dots. Once again the hard length and it's been the toughest to get away on this pitch. Vander Dussen steers it with an open face but straight to point
31.3
Jofra Archer to Vander Dussen, no run, crunchy drive but picks out the fielder at extra cover
31.2
Jofra Archer to Vander Dussen, no run, angling in from around off, nicely defended towards cover
31.1
Jofra Archer to Vander Dussen, no run, edged but well short of Buttler. Was an off cutter and it gripped a touch as RVD went poking with soft hands
30.6
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, no run, reverse sweep from Phehlukwayo but too full and it's jammed towards point
30.5
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, no run, review wasted! Phehlukwayo was stuck on the crease as he got pinged on the front pad. Missed the googly totally and in real time, it looked really close. England were very confident and went for the review. Might have hit the stumps too but we would never know as it's pitching outside leg and nothing else matters
30.4
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 50 up for RVD! Hangs back and crashes this through the covers to get to the landmark. He's been a terrific find for SA and his impressive little career continues to blossom. Debut innings in WCs and he gets going. Still a lot to do in this game though
30.3
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, slower and outside off, another watchful defence from RVD
30.2
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, fuller and outside off, Vander Dussen defends it back to the bowler
30.1
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, hesitation but Vander Dussen gets back in time. Phehlukwayo never responded to the call at all. This was worked in front of point and a tight single was on but not a lazy one
29.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, tossed up wider outside off, eased away through the covers to retain strike
29.5
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, fuller and around off, patted back towards Moeen
29.4
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, FOUR, brilliant shot! Never easy to go through the off-side against the off spinner but Vander Dussen picked the length and hung back to crack it through extra cover. Superb timing and placement
29.3
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, drops it fractionally short and Phehlukwayo crunches it to sweeper cover
29.2
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, no run, flatter one and Phehlukwayo is cramped on the cut this time. Chopped to point
29.1
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, just clears mid-on! Risk involved but Phehlukwayo pulls it off. Uses his feet and although he had to fetch it from well outside off, goes through with the shot. Clears the infield and gets a boundary
28.6
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, flatter and on leg stump, swept away towards fine leg for a single
28.5
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, no run, ripping googly! Pitched around middle and off, took with sharp spin to beat the outside edge as Phehlukwayo poked at it. Top nut!
28.4
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, handy hit! Charged down and picked the googly, the width allowed him to flay the drive and he bisected mid-off and extra cover with ease
28.3
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, no run, fuller and outside off, blocked off the front foot towards cover
28.2
Adil Rashid to Phehlukwayo, no run, that was close! Turning leg break and Phehlukwayo got beaten on the drive. There was a noise as it went through to Buttler but it was of bat hitting the ground
28.1
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, 1 run, sliding in on leg stump, nurdled in front of square leg
27.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, floated up outside off, Vander Dussen reaches out and pats it towards the gap at cover
27.5
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, flighted this time but too full, jammed down towards long-off
27.4
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, no run, flatter and on leg stump, defended off the front foot to mid-wicket
27.3
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, no run, loopy and around off, Phehlukwayo reaches out and defends softly
27.2
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, no run, flatter and around off, punched off the back foot to short cover
27.1
Moeen Ali to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs, slower and shorter, Phehlukwayo waits to cut it away through backward point
26.6
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, no run, fuller and Vander Dussen gets forward to defend this towards point
26.5
Plunkett to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, shortish and although there isn't much room, Phehlukwayo chances his arms. Gets a thick edge that's just wide of slip and down to third man
26.4
Plunkett to Phehlukwayo, no run, leg stumpish and on a good length, dabbed softly towards mid-on
26.3
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, 1 run, shortish and outside off, steered off the back foot down to third man
26.2
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, out Pretorius Run Out!! 1 run completed. It's turning, the game's turning and England are bossing this now. Another poor moment of decision-making and Pretorius has to depart. Was a nice back foot punch from Vander Dussen through cover and they went for the second run after a slight hesitation. Can't afford to be lazy with someone like Stokes near the fence and he fires a good throw that Morgan collects at the bowler's end before whipping the bails off. Comfortably short, Pretorius. Poor cricket from the Proteas wkt (5-143) min (6m). Pretorius run out (Stokes/Morgan) 1(1)
26.1
Plunkett to Pretorius, 1 run, banged in short and Pretorius pulls it away to deep square leg
25.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, floated up outside off, Vander Dussen presses forward and smothers it
25.5
Moeen Ali to Duminy, out Caught by Stokes!! Bizarre from JPD and he's put SA in a hole now! There is a long off in place and he tries to go for a loft, which isn't even a wholehearted effort. The result is a cue-ended shot and it's a dolly for Stokes who is stationed precisely for such mishits. This one was way too easy. Don't think JPD's mates in the dressing room will be pleased with what he has just done. Extremely poor decision-making from a senior player  wkt (4-142) min (12m). Duminy c Stokes b Moeen Ali 8(11) [4s-1]
25.4
Moeen Ali to Duminy, no run, fuller and outside off, patted off the back foot towards cover
25.3
Moeen Ali to Duminy, FOUR, adventurous stuff from Duminy and he pulls it off as well! Good use of the feet and although he was hitting against the turn, ensured that he got to the pitch and then swung cleanly without really going for a cross-batted hoick. Couple of bounces into the sweeper cover fence
25.2
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, nice off break that grips just a bit, takes the inside edge and the ball trickles towards mid-wicket
25.1
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, attempted reverse sweep from Vander Dussen but mistimes it and picks out backward point
24.6
Plunkett to Duminy, no run, better lines from Plunkett, keeps it on off stump from a hard length. Duminy can only defend with soft hands
24.5
Plunkett to Duminy, no run, very full and on leg stump, kept out with a stab to short mid-wicket
24.4
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, 1 run, shortish and outside off, crashed off the back foot towards sweeper cover
24.3
Plunkett to Duminy, 1 run, more of the shorter length and Duminy swivel-pulls through backward square leg. Fine leg gets across quickly to keep the batsmen to just a single
24.2
Plunkett to Duminy, no run, slower ball this time, on off stump and Duminy respects it with a forward defence
24.1
Plunkett to Duminy, no run, beaten! Hits the pitch hard and gets extra bounce on this, and undoes Duminy who was flashing hard on the cut
23.6
Moeen Ali to Duminy, 1 run, more flight, fuller as well, Duminy plonks forward to dab it towards point
23.5
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, plenty of width this time and Vander Dussen cuts hard but straight to deep point
23.4
Moeen Ali to Duminy, 1 run, sliding into Duminy, no room and he squeezes it with a stab to deep point
23.3
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, flatter one outside off, Vander Dussen sits back and punches it wide of the cover fielder
23.2
Moeen Ali to Duminy, 1 run, drifting in from around middle and off, nicely driven down towards long-off to get JPD off the mark
23.1
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, tossed up wider and Vander Dussen lunges into the push-drive past cover
22.6
Plunkett to De Kock, out Caught by Root!! What a soft dismissal! But that's what Plunkett provides for England in these middle overs. Has the knack of getting wickets out of nowhere. This was a leg stumpish length ball and on most days, it would have been deposited behind square on the leg-side for a six. de Kock wanted to do the same and shuffled across early but couldn't quite get under it as well as he would have liked. Root at fine leg takes a sharp catch tumbling forward. Massive breakthrough for the tournament hosts. Advantage to them now wkt (3-129) min (94m). de Kock c Root b Plunkett 68(74) [4s-6 6s-2]
22.5
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, 1 run, on a length outside off, push-driven through the covers for a single
22.4
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, no run, shortish of a length outside off, punched off the back foot towards backward point
22.3
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, no run, back of a length this time, worked off the back foot to mid-wicket
22.2
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, nice shot! Fractionally short of a good length and Vander Dussen punches sweetly on the up past extra cover. Well to the right of sweeper cover
22.1
Plunkett to De Kock, 1 run, shortish and into the hips, worked away through backward square leg
21.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, flatter this time outside off, punched off the back foot towards cover
21.5
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, FOUR, edged but no slip! Vander Dussen will argue that he played it intentionally but surely not that close to Buttler who couldn't get to it. Was a bit undone by the flight and the ball straightened just a bit to get the nick. Woakes gave a good chase and a slide as well but in vain. Nearly hurt himself there. Careful, Woakesy!
21.4
Moeen Ali to De Kock, 1 run, fuller and slower this time, driven down the ground towards long-off
21.3
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, flatter one around middle and leg, knocked off the back foot to long-on
21.2
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, FOUR, this is top class batting! After charging down for the loft, Vander Dussen opts for finesse. The reverse sweep and gets it away very fine to the third man fence. Seems to be finding his feet now after a scratchy start
21.1
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, SIX, straight as an arrow! Lovely footwork from Vander Dussen to get to the pitch of this one and chose the safest spot on the ground - straight over the bowler's head. Timely release shot for him after being tied down by Moeen in recent overs. SA gaining momentum now
20.6
Plunkett to De Kock, no run, shortens the length a bit this time and it's jabbed to mid-off
20.5
Plunkett to De Kock, SIX, super shot! Widish half volley and that was the kind of gift that De Kock was looking for. Extends his arms and launches with a clean bat swing. All the way over extra cover. Productive over for SA, this!
20.4
Plunkett to De Kock, no run, just short of mid-on! De Kock is having some fortune at the moment. He seems a bit nervy all of a sudden and is going for extra risks. Might need to calm down a bit. Charged and made room for the slog but skewed it off the inside half. Doesn't carry to the fielder
20.3
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, 1 run, shortish and outside off, crispy back foot punch from RVD but there is a sweeper cover in place
20.2
Plunkett to De Kock, 1 run, walks across a bit and flicks this away towards deep mid-wicket
20.1
Plunkett to De Kock, FOUR, just the start SA were looking for in the over. De Kock came down the track and forced Plunkett to dig it short. Probably a bit too straight in line and pulled away to the deep backward square leg fence. Fine leg had no chance
19.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, nearly a caught and bowled! Vander Dussen advanced down the track but the ball just stuck onto the surface, thereby inducing a soft leading edge. Lucky that it didn't carry to Moeen
19.5
Moeen Ali to De Kock, 1 run, fuller and straighter, worked away through mid-wicket
19.4
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, another floater outside off, De Kock pats it towards the point region
19.3
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, flatter and outside off, punched off the back foot towards the off-side
19.2
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, optimistic shout and De Kock survives! Got beaten by the sharp turn on this off break and Buttler was quick to dislodge the bails. However, the southpaw's back foot came down almost quickly
19.1
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, don't often see a reverse sweep through cover but that's what Vander Dussen has managed here. Didn't make the needed contact at all and hence, got it well in front of square
18.6
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, 1 run, just past backward point! Already seen quite a few aerial shots in this region but strangely, there has been a wide gap there. Short of a length with a bit of bounce, Vander Dussen goes at it hard but only manages a thick slice. Goes towards the deep
18.5
Plunkett to De Kock, 1 run, leg stumpish once more and De Kock flicks it to the right of fine leg. Brings up the 50-run stand! Much-needed for SA after the kind of start they had in the chase
18.4
Plunkett to De Kock, no run, walks down the pitch, does De Kock but Plunkett gives no room at all. Tapped towards mid-on
18.3
Plunkett to Vander Dussen, 1 run, the hard length, bounces a bit extra and Vander Dussen rises on his toes to glide this down to third man
18.2
Plunkett to De Kock, 1 run, strays onto the pads this time, glanced away down towards fine leg who is straighter
18.1
Plunkett to De Kock, 2 runs, shortish and into the hips, tucked away through backward square leg for a brace
17.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, fuller this time, wider too and it's patted towards point
17.5
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, cheeky little paddle, premeditated as well and Vander Dussen gets it fine down the leg-side
17.4
Moeen Ali to De Kock, 1 run, flatter one and this time, it's punched through the covers for a single. 50 for QDK! Not been at his fluent best but the key part is that he is still there and is pivotal to SA's chances in this game. He needs to bat deep
17.3
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, superb work by Roy at cover with a dive. Was a fine back foot punch from De Kock but he gets zero for it. Such fielding can make chasing harder, as if batting on this sluggish track isn't tough enough
17.2
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, was there to be hit but De Kock misses out. Shortish with width, his cut finds backward point
17.1
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, slower and around middle and off, De Kock waits and taps it towards point
16.6
Adil Rashid to De Kock, 1 run, shortish delivery down the leg-side, De Kock flicks it through backward square leg
16.5
Adil Rashid to De Kock, no run, flicked to mid-wicket
16.4
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, 1 run, googly, Vander Dussen is lunging forward in his defence, but he didn't read the wrong 'un, inside edge flies to backward square leg. How about a short leg to Vander Dussen when he is struggling to pick him?
16.3
Adil Rashid to De Kock, 1 run, punched away to long-on
16.2
Adil Rashid to De Kock, no run, short delivery outside off stump, De Kock wanted to cut, throws his head back in disappointment that he missed that delivery
16.1
Adil Rashid to De Kock, FOUR, googly, but De Kock has managed to send this really fine past Buttler, hit the splice of the bat and short fine leg had no chance
15.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, reverse-paddle to the left of short third man, run was on but QdK said no
15.5
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, shortish in length, blocked
15.4
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, oh he pushes uppishly at this flighted delivery, lucky that it didn't carry to mid-off
15.3
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, flatter delivery, Vander Dussen defends
15.2
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, FOUR, the reverse sweep, some fresh energy from Vander Dussen, Mo got this to spin back in, but the batsman was ready early to connect and hit it through backward point
15.1
Moeen Ali to De Kock, 1 run, shortish on the off stump, De Kock punches it to cover-point
14.6
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, too full, driven back to the bowler
14.5
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, turning away around the off stump, Vander Dussen defends with an open bat face
14.4
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, spinning back in, defended off the back foot
14.3
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, spinning away outside off stump, Vander Dussen leans forward and drives it to the left of the bowler
14.2
Adil Rashid to De Kock, 1 run, leg-side ball, De Kock flicks it to backward square leg
14.1
Adil Rashid to De Kock, 2 runs, flighted delivery on the stumps, De Kock slog-sweeps to the left of long-on for a couple
13.6
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, Byes, 4, now Buttler fumbles and it's four byes. Flighted delivery outside off stump, Vander Dussen tries to defend, the ball didn't turn much and Buttler didn't cover the line
13.5
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, pushed into the off-side
13.4
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, was that a dropped chance? Yes! Spinning in from outside off stump, Vander Dussen tries to push at it without moving his feet, got a thin edge but Buttler had butter fingers
13.3
Moeen Ali to De Kock, 1 run, takes a gentle step down the pitch and pushes it to long-off
13.2
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, shortish from Moeen Ali, De Kock defends
13.1
Moeen Ali to De Kock, no run, spinning away outside off stump, De Kock looks to cut and gets beaten
12.6
Adil Rashid to De Kock, 1 run, down the leg-side, De Kock paddle-sweeps it to short fine leg
12.5
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, googly from Adil Rashid, Vander Dussen leans forward to defend, the ball this the pad but was spinning down
12.4
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, no run, defended to the left of the bowler
12.3
Adil Rashid to De Kock, 1 run, oh he almost missed that because of the sharp turn, short enough to go back to attempt the cut shot, somehow De Kock managed to get bat on ball and send it to short third man
12.2
Adil Rashid to De Kock, no run, no room to free the arms, pushed gently
12.1
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, 1 run, tapped away to cover-point
11.6
Moeen Ali to De Kock, SIX, overpitched and QdK powers that all the way over wide long-on. Mo got greedy there looking for turn and QdK wanted that sort of a delivery to get some runs to ease the pressure
11.5
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, shortish and outside off stump, Vander Dussen goes back and plays that along the ground to sweeper cover
11.4
Moeen Ali to De Kock, 1 run, shortish delivery, De Kock punches it to cover
11.3
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 1 run, shortish delivery outside off stump, Vander Dussen punches it to sweeper cover
11.2
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, no run, covers the line and defends
11.1
Moeen Ali to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, punched away to backward square leg
10.6
Adil Rashid to De Kock, no run, another sweep missed, hit on the pad but this is well down the leg-side
10.5
Adil Rashid to De Kock, FOUR, what's happened there? The ball definitely hit the stumps but the bail didn't come off. QdK wanted to sweep this really fine to fine leg, he actually edged that the ball hit a decent portion of the off stump. The deviation was big, England started celebrating for a moment, but the bail failed to fall. The stumps were lit when the ball touched, it came out of the groove but went back to its place. What luck for De Kock
10.4
Adil Rashid to De Kock, no run, shortish delivery outside off stump, De Kock cuts to backward point
10.3
Adil Rashid to De Kock, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, De Kock defends off the back foot
10.2
Adil Rashid to De Kock, 2 runs, flighted delivery down the leg-side, De Kock flicks it to fine leg
10.1
Adil Rashid to Vander Dussen, 1 run, pushed off the back foot to long-off
9.6
Jofra Archer to De Kock, no run, another short ball, De Kock lets it go and the crowd is right behind Archer
9.5
Jofra Archer to De Kock, no run, knocked to square leg
9.4
Jofra Archer to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, De Kock defends off the back foot
9.3
Jofra Archer to Fafdu Plessis, out Caught by Moeen Ali!! Top edge, top edge, it's not going faaaar, Mo at fine leg has his eyes on the ball and swallows it. Look at the joy for Jofra Archer. A fierce first pump. Massive blow for the Proteas. 149kph short ball, Fafdu Plessis came out and for some reason always wanted to play shots. This time he attempts to pull and perishes. We have seen top-edges off lesser-pace bowlers fly for six, but it's strange that such a pacy ball didn't help Faf there. To be honest, Faf looked really nervous and that first ball boundary of his was a clear giveaway. The lack of confidence/comfort was evident in his eyes wkt (2-44) min (11m). Fafdu Plessis c Moeen Ali b Jofra Archer 5(7) [4s-1]
9.2
Jofra Archer to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis defends
9.1
Jofra Archer to De Kock, 1 run, short of length delivery on the stumps, De Kock goes back and flicks it to backward square leg
8.6
Woakes to Fafdu Plessis, no run, throws his hands at this wide one and misses, Fafdu Plessis not moving towards the ball there, back of a length wide outside off stump, he wanted to smash the leather of that ball, could so easily have been an edge
8.5
Woakes to Fafdu Plessis, no run, full delivery on the stumps, Fafdu Plessis watchfully pushes it to mid-on
8.4
Woakes to De Kock, 1 run, tucked away to backward square leg
8.3
Woakes to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, great timing on this off-drive, Woakes bowled a full ball, mid-off cut it off though
8.2
Woakes to De Kock, 1 run, short of length delivery down the leg-side, De Kock misses the flick, or maybe got an edge on that, the ball rolls to backward square leg
8.1
Woakes to De Kock, no run, good length delivery just around the off stump, De Kock defends
7.6
Jofra Archer to Fafdu Plessis, no run, extra bounce from short of length and Faf is jumping in his crease to defend this
7.5
Jofra Archer to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, off the mark first ball but Jofra Archer won't mind Faf playing this way. Full delivery, normally you see Faf moving nicely forward, but this time he had his feet cemented, just hands on ball and he found the gap to the left of mid-off
7.4
Jofra Archer to Markram, out Caught by Root!! Edged and Root takes a good catch. This is what back of a length bowling at pace can do. 144kph on this one, Markram was feeling confident enough to go for the shots, Jofra Archer bowls just outside off stump and forces Markram into an aggressive back foot punch, but the ball moves just away to take a thick edge. Bounce was hard to control too. Hard hands meant the Kookaburra was flying, Root got his hands to the right and collects near his chest wkt (1-36) min (17m). Markram c Root b Jofra Archer 11(12) [4s-2]
7.3
Jofra Archer to Markram, FOUR, delightful cover drive, 148kph, but it's too full, Markram leans into the shot and hits the gap at cover
7.2
Jofra Archer to De Kock, 1 run, turned off the back foot to long leg, the man at fine leg does well to keep it down to just one
7.1
Jofra Archer to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, De Kock goes back and works it to square leg
6.6
Woakes to Markram, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Markram defends off the back foot
6.5
Woakes to Markram, FOUR, this is sweet timing from Markram. Woakes goes full looking for movement, Markram leans forward and essays a neat cover-drive
6.4
Woakes to Markram, no run, good-looking back foot drive, but Roy dives to his left at backward point to save a certain boundary, did well to recover quickly to deny any runs
6.3
Woakes to Markram, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Markram toe-ends the drive towards cover
6.2
Woakes to Markram, no run, short of length again, back foot punch again, now the cover-point region is plugged
6.1
Woakes to De Kock, 1 run, short of length delivery on the stumps, De Kock goes back and knocks it towards backward square leg
5.6
Jofra Archer to Markram, no run, defended off the back foot
5.5
Jofra Archer to De Kock, 1 run, oh that's a lucky escape for De Kock. He didn't get into a good position to loft, lost shape and got this on the bottom of the bat, didn't carry to mid-on
5.4
Jofra Archer to De Kock, no run, 146kph short ball, left alone, Buttler leaps to collect, one bouncer for the over is the call from ump
5.3
Jofra Archer to Markram, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Markram opens the face of the bat and runs it down to deep backward point
5.2
Jofra Archer to Markram, 2 runs, driven along the ground to the left of mid-off and those are his first World Cup runs
5.1
Jofra Archer to Markram, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Markram punches it towards cover
4.6
Woakes to De Kock, no run, this is another very good hit from De Kock, Woakes overpitched and got away with it, but he did well to get a hand on it in his followthrough and take pace off the ball
4.5
Woakes to De Kock, FOUR, he's now finding the gaps, nice back foot punch, short of length delivery just outside off stump, De Kock stands tall, watches the ball onto the bat and times it past the diving cover-point fielder
4.4
Woakes to De Kock, no run, waits and defends
4.3
Woakes to De Kock, FOUR, cut in the air, looked like the slower delivery, got it wide of backward point and the timing was good enough
4.2
Woakes to De Kock, no run, hit on the thigh pad, short of length delivery from Woakes, De Kock misses the flick, too high for LBW
4.1
Woakes to De Kock, no run, good length delivery just outside off stump, De Kock defends
3.6
Jofra Archer to Markram, no run, full delivery outside off stump, Markram shoulders arms
3.5
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, oh that's smashed into the grille. 145kph bouncer, Amla was late on the pull shot, missed it completely, the impact was pretty heavy. Amla takes the helmet off and checks, Archer checks if Amla is okay. Physio comes out. Concussion tests done. Amla wants a change of helmet, Morris brings 4-5 helmets out for his choice. But looks like he failed to get the right size. So they wait. No wait. Amla is walking off, rubbing his forehead on the left. This isn't good news for South Africa. Precautionary measure
3.4
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, slower delivery, but Amla spotted that early, waited and defended
3.3
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, oh he's hit near the box. Short delivery on the stumps, Amla tries to defend, maybe the ball jagged back in a shade, no pain showed
3.2
Jofra Archer to Amla, FOUR, that's safely and cleverly played too, third man is slightly wide, so Amla uses the pace of this short of length delivery to run it down fine past second slip
3.1
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, lovely punch from Amla, deserved a boundary, but the man at cover intervenes, the length was slightly short and Amla is very good with his punch into the ground
2.6
Woakes to De Kock, no run, full delivery on the stumps, De Kock walks towards the bowler and punches it to mid-off
2.5
Woakes to De Kock, 2 runs, wristy, very wristy from De Kock, Woakes goes full, but he has a man protecting the backward square leg boundary
2.4
Woakes to De Kock, FOUR, edged but the slips have vanished. Woakes surprises De Kock with a slower ball, as a batsman you don't expect that with the new ball, De Kock cuts, but the ball bounces extra and takes a thick edge, beating Buttler's dive to the left
2.3
Woakes to De Kock, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, De Kock flicks it to short mid-wicket
2.2
Woakes to De Kock, no run, De Kock is itching to free his arms, but Woakes isn't giving him width, short of length delivery defended into the off-side
2.1
Woakes to De Kock, no run, flicked gently to the left of mid-on
1.6
Jofra Archer to De Kock, 1 run, this time De Kock knocks it to the left of square leg for a run
1.5
Jofra Archer to De Kock, no run, straight, no movement, back of a length, so De Kock respects off the back foot
1.4
Jofra Archer to De Kock, no run, on the leg stump, De Kock goes back and defends to square leg
1.3
Jofra Archer to Amla, 1 run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Amla knocks it away to short fine leg, opens the account in the 2019 World Cup
1.2
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, another very good shot and this is well stopped, brilliantly stopped in fact with a dive from Roy at backward point, short delivery, Amla cut well, failed to get it through cover-point which would have given him a boundary
1.1
Jofra Archer to Amla, no run, bat on ball first up for Amla. Fullish and outside off stump, Amla plays it to cover
0.6
Woakes to De Kock, no run, oh beaten, excellent comeback, finds the length where the batsman is not sure about his feet movement, De Kock was caught on the crease in his defence and ended up almost edging to the keeper
0.5
Woakes to De Kock, no run, brilliant cover-drive, it's a shame it went straight to cover. Just three fielders inside on the off-side in front of wicket, but De Kock couldn't thread this in the gap
0.4
Woakes to De Kock, 2 runs, first runs on the board for South Africa, thanks to a leg-side length ball from Woakes, flicked behind square and a jog gets them two
0.3
Woakes to De Kock, no run, this is very disciplined bowling from Woakes, length and on the stumps, De Kock covers the line and defends
0.2
Woakes to De Kock, no run, keeps it right and close to the off stump, De Kock respects with a back foot defence
0.1
Woakes to De Kock, no run, starts with a short of length delivery on the stumps, De Kock flicks it to the left of mid-wicket, who dives and stops the ball
Commentary
Duminy,Amla,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,De Kock,Pretorius,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Lungi Ngidi
Plunkett,Morgan, Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes, Moeen Ali,Root,Archer
