49.6
Mustafizur to Shami, out Bowled!! And a fifer from Mustafizur. He has been phenomenal today. Just like the last game, India have bottled up the last 10 overs. That was a length delivery going across, Shami dragged it on to the sticks. India scoring only 63 runs in the last 10 overs losing 5 wickets wkt (9-314) min (6m). Shami b Mustafizur 1(2)
49.6
Mustafizur to Bhuvneshwar, wide, out Bhuvneshwar Run Out!! That was short, Bhuvneshwar didn't even make an attempt to hit it, allowed the ball to go through to the keeper, then runs for a single after a pause and finds himself short of the crease as Rahim threw it to the bowler, who took the bails off at the other end wkt (8-314) min (15m). Bhuvneshwar run out (Rahim/Mustafizur) 2(3)
49.5
Mustafizur to Shami, 1 run, short ball, pulled away to deep mid for a single. Another slower, short ball
49.4
Mustafizur to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run, on a length, inside edges the ball away into the on-side for a single. The wicket is only responding to slower balls now
49.3
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, out Caught by Shakib!! Looks to pull, gets the top-edge and the man at mid-on takes it. Dhoni falls in the last over. India have been shoddy in the death overs. The bowler bowled it into the deck, got big on the batter and the top-edge pull was taken by the man at mid-on wkt (7-311) min (52m). Dhoni c Shakib b Mustafizur 35(33) [4s-4]
49.2
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, no run, length delivery going across. No pace on it, Dhoni smashes it but finds the man at mid-on
49.1
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, no run, length delivery going across, Dhoni smashes it down to long-off. Denies the single
48.6
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, and smart from him! Pushes the ball out into the covers and gets a single
48.5
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, what fast hands! That was smashed between cover and extra cover for a four. Incredible hit. Slower, shorter and Dhoni helicoptered the cut between the fielders
48.4
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, no run, nice yorker outside off and Dhoni looks to sweep! Misses. That was a good ball and Dhoni failed to connect
48.3
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, no run, yorkerish delivery outside off and has been patted out into the covers
48.2
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, fuller delivery and has been scorched out past cover for a four. That was in the slot and Dhoni muscled it away to beat the man at deep cover
48.1
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, fuller delivery outside off and has been stabbed out to deep cover for a double. India finishing slow again. The onus is on Dhoni
47.6
Mustafizur to Bhuvneshwar, no run, bangs the ball in and Bhuvneshwar ducks under it and lets it go
47.5
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short ball, cuts it out to deep third man for a single. Was uppish and was away from the fielder
47.4
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, no run, short, too wide, lets it go and it hasn't been called a wide. Dot ball!
47.3
Mustafizur to Bhuvneshwar, 1 run, fuller delivery on the sticks and has been pushed out into the covers for a single
47.2
Mustafizur to Karthik, out Caught by Mosaddek Hossain!! Short ball, looks to pull and gets a top-edge for the man at mid-wicket to take it. India losing wickets in a heap in the last 10 overs. Very poor strategy from India. The batsman trying to get themselves set and then throwing it away. Excellent come back from Bangladesh as well. They have bowled brilliantly wkt (6-298) min (17m). Karthik c Mosaddek Hossain b Mustafizur 8(9) [4s-1]
47.1
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, fuller delivery on the pads and has been clipped away to deep mid for a single
46.6
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, fuller ball and Dhoni opens the face of the bat to guide it to deep third man for a single. May be an overthrow but the ball didn't go too far away for the duo to take extra runs
46.5
Saifuddin to Karthik, 1 run, fuller ball on the pads and clipped away to deep mid for a single
46.4
Saifuddin to Karthik, FOUR, fuller delivery and has been steered away between point and short third man for a four. Just used the angle and the pace of the bowler to get it into the gap
46.3
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, fuller ball outside off and has been driven into the covers for a single
46.2
Saifuddin to Karthik, 1 run, slams the cut off the back foot and the man at cover picks the ball up
46.1
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, stabs the ball out to point and gets a single. That was full and outside off
45.6
Mustafizur to Karthik, no run, steers it down and Karthik wants a single but MS turns him down. The man at point did superbly to stop it to his left. 9 off that over. India will take it with a new man in the middle
45.5
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short ball, Dhoni has pulled it away to deep square leg for a single
45.4
Mustafizur to Karthik, 1 run, looks to cut and outer-edges the ball to third man for a single
45.3
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, in his typical style tucks it off the hips for a single
45.2
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, stays back and pushes the ball away into the off-side for a single. In fact, they get an extra run as there is a direct hit at the bowler's end and the ricochet allows the second. Dhoni was well in
45.1
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, short ball, Dhoni stays back and wrists the cut past point for a four. Hardly any footwork, but those regal hands took over
44.6
Shakib to Karthik, no run, and looks to tuck it away, the soft leading edge finds the bowler
44.5
Shakib to Karthik, no run, what a peach! That turned away, Karthik pushed forward and got beaten!
44.4
Shakib to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, knocked out off the pads into the on-side for a single
44.3
Shakib to Ms Dhoni, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed out to cover
44.2
Shakib to Karthik, 1 run, knocks the ball away off the pads and gets a single
44.1
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, out Caught by Mosaddek Hossain!! This is the difference between experience and youth! That is the shot he has been wanting Pant to play and the batter obliges. Goes for the slog sweep, gets a top-edge and was taken at deep backward square leg. Shakib, the shrewd customer. Good captaincy, had Shakib bowling to Rishabh Pant with the leg-side having the bigger dimension. India have gifted away a few wickets here. The fielder bobbled the catch and took it in his second or may be his third attempt wkt (5-277) min (56m). Pant c Mosaddek Hossain b Shakib 48(41) [4s-6 6s-1]
43.6
Rubel to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, short ball, at the body but that doesn't cramp him. Dhoni was waiting for that and pulls it away to deep square for a four. Well timed boundary for India. India eyeing 330
43.5
Rubel to Ms Dhoni, no run, slower delivery and has been knocked away to short mid
43.4
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, slower delivery again and has been steered away to deep third man for a single
43.3
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, no run, slower delivery going across, Pant throws his bat and looks to slog but misses. The slower delivery did him in
43.2
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, no run, gets the ball to angle across and Pant tried to run it down. Misses
43.1
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, leg byes, 4, looks to nudge it fine and the ball goes off the pads to go through the keeper. Rahim dived over it and let it go through for the ball to dribble away. India will take it
42.6
Shakib to Ms Dhoni, no run, shorter, slower and kept low as well. MS looks to cut and cuts it out into the off-side. Finds the fielder
42.5
Shakib to Ms Dhoni, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side as he lunged out to defend
42.4
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, walks across his sticks and knocks it off the pads for a single
42.3
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, no run, flatter delivery and has been nudged away to mid-wicket
42.2
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, 2 runs, shortish delivery and slapped! The man at deep cover puts in the dive and stops it. Got into a tangle there. Two more added
42.1
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, no run, nudges the ball off the pads and gets it to short fine leg
41.6
Mustafizur to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, controls the pull and taps it down to fine leg for a single. Was dug in short and Pant just controlled it down
41.5
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, 3 runs, on the pads and whipped away! The man at deep square leg puts in the dive and stops it. Good stop indeed as it seemed the ball will run away
41.4
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, no run, bowls it on a length and has been pushed out to cover. Nice angle going across
41.3
Mustafizur to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, tucks the ball off the hips for a single
41.2
Mustafizur to Rishabh Pant, no run, shortish ball, gets cramped on room and has been pulled straight to the man at mid-wicket. Pant was taking a stroll down the park without even calling, MS sends him back in the nick of the time
41.2
Mustafizur to Rishabh Pant, wide, shortish delivery and Pant allows the ball to go through. Wided. Was too high
41.1
Mustafizur to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, fuller delivery on the pads, heaved away and the ball escapes past the man at deep square leg for a four. The fielder had a lot to cover to his left. Missed the mark did Mustafizur and bowled it in the slot
40.6
Shakib to Ms Dhoni, no run, flatter delivery and pushes the batter back. Dhoni strides back and pushes it out into the deck
40.5
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, slaps the cut away to deep cover for a single
40.4
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, no run, spinning in and has been tucked out to short mid. Clever from Shakib
40.3
Shakib to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, flatter delivery and has been patted down to long-on for a single
40.2
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, looks to cut and chops the ball out into the off-side for a single
40.1
Shakib to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slaps the ball past short cover for a single. Misfield by the man there allows the single
39.6
Saifuddin to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short of length outside off, Dhoni punches it crisply to sweeper cover
39.5
Saifuddin to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, back of a length around off, Pant short-arm jabs it to deep square leg
39.4
Saifuddin to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, hat-trick of boundaries. Short and wee bit of space provided outside off, Pant is on the back foot and cracks the cut past the diving backward point fielder. He generated enough power to beat third man near the rope
39.3
Saifuddin to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, and he picked the off-cutter, it was fraction short and Pant was quick to pounce on that, he rocks back and nails the pull over mid-wicket. Not the best of timings but he had hit it in the gap
39.2
Saifuddin to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, Pant will keep going no matter what happens at the other end. He got a juicy overcook outside off and he leans into the drive, creams it with a bent back knee through extra cover
39.1
Saifuddin to Rishabh Pant, no run, good length ball around off, Pant knocks it in front of mid-off
38.6
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, no run, double wicket maiden! He certainly has brought Bangladesh back in the game. Finishes the over with a full delivery around off, Dhoni pushes it meekly to mid-off
38.5
Mustafizur to Ms Dhoni, no run, slanting away outside off, Dhoni lifts his bat and lets it go
38.4
Mustafizur to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Soumya Sarkar!! Gone! The Fizz has turned the game around in three balls. He did something similar against West Indies as well. That day it was Hetmyer and Russell, today it is Kohli and Pandya. The cutter which grips the surface and breaks away outside off, Pandya tries to force it off the back foot and only manages an outside edge, Sarkar takes a good low catch at wide slip. India need to rethink their strategy and know what score they can defend wkt (4-237) min (4m). Hardik Pandya c Soumya Sarkar b Mustafizur 0(2)
38.3
Mustafizur to Hardik Pandya, no run, good length ball angled across, Pandya defends it with a big stride forward
38.2
Mustafizur to Virat Kohli, out Caught by Rubel!! Not even a fifty this time. Kohli walks off with a smile as he knows he could not have picked the fielder better. Short ball just outside off, Kohli is in a good position to play the pull and he absolutely nails it in front of the square, but unfortunately picks out the lone fielder in the deep - Rubel - at mid-wicket. He had struck it so hard that the momentum took Rubel a couple of steps back but he was well inside the rope. Kohli departs while looking for quick runs and that is very unlike him. He usually looks to bat through with the others batting around him but in this World Cup he has perished a few times while trying to up the ante wkt (3-237) min (45m). Kohli c Rubel b Mustafizur 26(27) [4s-3]
38.1
Mustafizur to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length around off, Kohli taps it with soft hands to backward point
37.6
Soumya Sarkar to Rishabh Pant, 2 runs, walks down even with Rahim standing up, punches it past the diving mid-wicket fielder and there are large acres of space behind, Kohli scampers back for the second easily
37.5
Soumya Sarkar to Rishabh Pant, no run, around leg-stump and Pant misses the flick to the on-side, the ball drops into the leg-side after hitting the pad
37.4
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fuller than a good length and Kohli checks his drive, hits it a bit uppishly towards mid-off but the ball landed well in front of the fielder
37.3
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, nibbling in on middle, Kohli flicks it right between long-on and deep mid-wicket, easy two
37.2
Soumya Sarkar to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, slower delivery and Pant walks forward, nurdles it to mid-wicket and crosses over
37.1
Soumya Sarkar to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, Pant wanted to sweep Sarkar and he got it finer than he would liked. Down on one knee waiting for the the good length ball, then the sweep comes off the higher part of the bat and runs away fine past the man at 45
36.6
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, slow and turning in, Pant waits and works it with the spin past mid-wicket
36.5
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, no run, comes down the track and yorks himself, squirted off the inside edge to mid-wicket
36.4
Shakib to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, wrong line from Shakib. Landed it around leg-stump, Pant is down on his knee and plays the sweep backward of square, the fielder in the deep was in front of square and had no chance to stop that
36.3
Shakib to Virat Kohli, 1 run, floated up around off, Kohli eases the drive to long-off
36.2
Shakib to Virat Kohli, no run, tossed up outside off, Kohli dabs it to backward point - straight to the fielder
36.1
Shakib to Virat Kohli, FOUR, wow! That is a superb shot. It is never easy to play against the spin but Kohli has made it look ridiculously easy. Flighted around off, Kohli moves forward and brings his wrists into play to whip it past mid-on
35.6
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, 1 run, once more the ball doesn't arrive as Kohli expected and his pull shot is dragged adjacent to the surface on the leg-side, Pant rushes across to the striker's end
35.5
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, no run, short of length delivery and Kohli is not able to time the pull as the ball does not arrive, he mistimes it towards mid-wicket
35.4
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, very full delivery on off, Kohli flicks it backward of square and puts Sabbir under pressure, steals the second with ease. Hang on! Mortaza wants to review for LBW but umpire Marais Erasmus says the 15 seconds are done. Rahim went up as soon as Kohli played this and he managed to convince his skipper but too late. Good thing that the time ran out as it was clearly bat first and Bangladesh would have lost their review. The double sound was the bat going on to hit the boot
35.3
Soumya Sarkar to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, on middle and leg, Pant nudges it wide of mid-wicket, for a single
35.2
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, 1 run, walks towards Sarkar to make his own pace and eases it to long-on
35.1
Soumya Sarkar to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, full and outside off, Pant slices the loft over extra cover and has to be content with a single
34.6
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, slower short of length delivery, Pant manages to beat the backward point fielder this time and he retains strike
34.5
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, no run, angled across off, Pant opens the bat face and guides it straight to backward point
34.4
Rubel to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short of length and Kohli rides the bounce, drops it with soft hands in front of backward point and off go the duo. There's a shy at the bowler's end but Kohli had made it in comfortably
34.3
Rubel to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length around off, Kohli stands tall and knocks it to cover
34.2
Rubel to Virat Kohli, FOUR, just turned his wrists at the last second to place it in the gap. Not much wrong with the delivery as it was a classy shot. Full and outside off, Kohli leans across and flicks it right in between two fielders - mid-wicket and mid-on. The timing is good enough to fetch him a boundary
34.1
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, leg byes, 1 run, another leg-stump delivery that Pant fails to put bat on, off the thigh pad and rolls in front of fine leg
33.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, drifting in with the angle, nudged away in front of square on the leg-side
33.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Rishabh Pant, SIX, four dots and Pant decides it is time to go big. Puts on the dancing shoes, gets to the pitch of the delivery and then swings it cleanly right back over the bowler. That should get him going
33.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Rishabh Pant, no run, flighted delivery around off, Pant presses forward and turns it to mid-wicket
33.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Rishabh Pant, no run, huge cry for LBW by Mosaddek but nothing from umpire Marais Erasmus. Sliding on from round the wicket, Pant is caught in the crease and struck above the kneeroll, height was the issue there
33.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Rishabh Pant, no run, tossed up around off, Pant is on the back foot to keep it out
33.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Rishabh Pant, no run, comes down the track and is not to the pitch of the ball, pushed back
33.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Rishabh Pant, wide, darted down leg and Pant has missed out there, he fails to make any connection
32.6
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, back of a length around the hips, tucked away backward of square leg. Pant wanted two but Kohli rightly says no
32.5
Rubel to Rishabh Pant, no run, beaten! Just angled it across the left hander and got a bit of seam movement, Pant prods forward and goes tentatively poking away from the body, missed the outside edge by an inch or so
32.4
Rubel to Kl Rahul, out Caught by Rahim!! Edged and gone! He was brought back for Kohli but Bangladesh won't mind this wicket. Rahul scored 77 but never looked fluent in his stay. The off-cutter that has plenty of width outside off, Rahul rocks back to play the cut but since it was a slower ball, it doesn't bounce as much as he expected and the outside edge flies to the right of Rahim. He dives across and takes it safely with both hands. India have lost both their set batsmen and given Bangladesh a chance to come back in the game wkt (2-195) min (135m). Rahul c Rahim b Rubel 77(92) [4s-6 6s-1]
32.3
Rubel to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortens the length immediately, Kohli waits for it on the back foot and tucks it in front of square leg
32.2
Rubel to Virat Kohli, FOUR, geez! That is a top shot. Yes, it was overpitched by Rubel but still had to be put away, Kohli leans forward and creams the drive straight past the bowler. The timing takes care of beating everyone in the field
32.1
Rubel to Virat Kohli, no run, that is a nothing shot. Back of a length outside off, Kohli walks into the drive and is beaten on the outside edge. He was looking to play it on the rise but couldn't quite get across to make the connection
31.6
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, 1 run, no pace offered and so Kohli drops it with soft hands into the off-side, quick single
31.5
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, walks forward and across to flick the full delivery from outside off to backward square, easy two
31.4
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, no run, slower dipping yorker, Kohli squeezes it out in front of mid-wicket
31.3
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length close to off, Kohli drops it near his feet and looks for a single, Rahul is not interested
31.2
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length on off, Rahul is inside the line to tuck it to deep square leg
31.1
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, no pace on the ball and Rahul's attempted loft goes awry, the bat turns on impact and he slices it over backward point, just managed to clear the fielder and pick up two
30.6
Rubel to Virat Kohli, no run, short of length outside off, Kohli is back and across to punch it to cover
30.5
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slower off-cutter that held up a bit, Rahul adjusted and knocked it wide of cover
30.4
Rubel to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length around off, Kohli jams it onto the pad and the balls rolls into the off-side
30.3
Rubel to Virat Kohli, no run, angled in around off, Kohli with his shuffle across flicks it to mid-wicket
30.2
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short and width provided outside off, Rahul cracks the cut square on the off-side, just a single
30.1
Rubel to Kl Rahul, no run, skiddy good length ball that hurries Rahul into a defensive push back to Rubel
29.6
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, no run, nudges the length delivery in front of mid-wicket and says 'no' to the single. Good over by Sarkar
29.5
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, no run, touch fuller around off and Kohli creams it to the fielder at covers
29.4
Soumya Sarkar to Virat Kohli, no run, drives the fullish delivery to mid-on, just new to the crease
29.3
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this one kept a touch low and it was clipped through mid-wicket by Rahul
29.2
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, out Caught by Liton Das!! Rohit Sharma departs after giving India the best possible start, the best possible platform. Usually known to score big centuries, but NOT TODAY. A length delivery around off and Rohit miscues it towards cover as he looks to go big. And once again, it's that man - Soumya Sarkar. Remember him getting the wickets of Warner and Finch in their match against Australia. He's making it a habit of getting wickets of big players. Fine knock by the Hitman, nevertheless wkt (1-180) min (121m). Rohit c Liton Das b Soumya Sarkar 104(92) [4s-7 6s-5]
29.1
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, on the pads and Rohit clips it through square leg for a boundary. Teases two fielders, one in the deep and one who was chasing it from square leg
28.6
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, century no. 26 for Rohit Sharma, his 4th one in the World Cup. What a player! India doesn't have one run machine any more, they got two! A short ball outside off and Sharma slices it through cover-point and gets to the magical figure. Raises his bat and acknowledges the crowd and his teams mates in the pavilion. Lovely knock!
28.5
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed up by Shakib and it's been guided back to the bowler by Rohit
28.4
Shakib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Rahul too walks down the wicket and push-drives this one to mid-on
28.3
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shimmies down the wicket and drives it to long-off for a single
28.2
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, Shakib is disappointed as he nearly got Rohit. That was so close to the off-stump. It kept low and went past Rohit was clearly beaten due to the lack of bounce
28.1
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, floated around off, Rohit pushes it to the fielder at cover-point
27.6
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Rahul clips it to mid-wicket, frustrating creeping in as he fails to put that away into the gap once again
27.5
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, very full and wide outside off, Rohit slices it through the man at point and manages to take a single. He slipped at the non-striker's end, hence he couldn't make it back for two
27.4
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length around off, Rohit knocks it to cover
27.4
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, wide, short ball around off, Rohit ducks underneath
27.3
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short and wide outside off, close to the tramline and it's been cut through cover-point
27.2
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, no run, makes room and slaps the short ball back to the bowler
27.1
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, full ball in the channel outside off, Rohit square drives it past the man at point and brings his partner back on strike
26.6
Shakib to Kl Rahul, no run, shuffles against in his crease, moves across the stumps and works it towards the right of the bowler
26.5
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, straighter line, it kept low too, Rohit nurdles it through mid-wicket
26.4
Shakib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, shuffles in his crease and works the short ball through mid-wicket, one more to the total
26.3
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, very slower through the air, short in length and it's been nudged towards mid-wicket
26.2
Shakib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, Rahul drives it through cover-point for a single
26.1
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flatter outside off, Rohit knocks it through covers for a single
25.6
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, no run, short ball around leg, Rahul looks to hook this one into the leg side but gets beaten due to the bounce. Mushfiq was appealing for a caught behind but the bowler wasn't convinced. He did join in the appeal later but wasn't as excited. There was clear day light between bat and ball, hence they didn't waste the review
25.5
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, no run, another delivery that got stuck into the pitch, Rahul clips it towards mid-wicket but is annoyed with the fact that he couldn't find the gap
25.4
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, and now he eases the length delivery to mid-on, dealing in singles in this over
25.3
Soumya Sarkar to Rohit Sharma, no run, it'll take some time to get used to the pace at which Sarkar bowls, the ball wouldn't come on smoothly, back of a length around off, Rohit calmly knocks it to cover
25.2
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, 1 run, straighter line, length is the same, on the shorter side and Rahul punches it towards long-on for a single
25.1
Soumya Sarkar to Kl Rahul, no run, dibbly dobbly back of a length delivery around off, Rahul keeps his head steady and knocks it to cover
24.6
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 1 run, rises a touch in his crease and knocks the back of length delivery into the gap at covers
24.5
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, back of a length outside off, Rahul chops it to deep point and manages to take a brace, the fielder in the deep had to cover a lot of ground, hence the second was always on
24.4
Rubel to Kl Rahul, no run, a slower ball by Rubel and Rahul bunts it towards the fielder at mid-on
24.3
Rubel to Kl Rahul, no run, sharp ball by Rubel, back of a length around off and bowled at 134kph, it sticks into the surface and rises, Rahul was on his back foot as he played this one off the splice towards point
24.2
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, width on offer this time around, fullish length delivery and Rohit drills it to sweeper cover for a single
24.1
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, no run, tad fuller around off, Rohit drives it to the fielder at covers, 'no' was the call straight away
23.6
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, ends the over with a single and retains strike, this was a length delivery outside off and it was sliced down to third man
23.5
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, 124kph, this short one kept a touch low around leg, Rohit paddles it down to fine leg and manages to sprint back for the second, not a great throw by Saifuddin who was also a little slow to collect the ball
23.4
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, pitched up by the Fizz and it's been guided straight back to him by Rohit
23.3
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 126kph, the slower delivery and Rahul is a touch early in his shot, tries to flick across the line and gets a leading edge that rolls down to third man
23.2
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, comes back to over the wicket and keeps this one on the pads, Rohit nudges it through square leg for a single
23.1
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, SIX, that's the best shot of the match for me. Holds his shape, stays put and lofts the overpitched delivery right over the bowler's head. Fizz created a chance earlier but even he has no answers to the onslaught by Rohit this time around. Lovely!
22.6
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, risky single taken, Rohit nudges this short ball in front of mid-wicket and calls for a run, he was running towards the danger end and although the fielder was quick to get rid of the ball, the throw wasn't accurate enough, run completed with ease eventually
22.5
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slashes this one away from his body and gets an outside edge that rolls down to third man
22.4
Rubel to Kl Rahul, no run, this one sticks into the surface, comes a lot slower than the batsman was anticipating, Rahul stays on his back foot and bunts it back to the bowler
22.3
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Rohit transfers his weight on to the back foot and slices it to third man
22.2
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, massacre! Short of a length around off, Rohit stands tall and pulls it off his front foot, no fielder at long-on and that shall be a boundary for the opener. He's making sure to get at least one boundary every over
22.1
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short of a length around middle and leg, Rahul tucks it into the leg side and hands over the strike to Rohit Sharma
21.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, Rohit is sparing no one today. Gave an early chance to Bangladesh but now he is making 'em pay for that dropped catch. Puts on his dancing shoes, converts this one into a full toss and bludgeons it over mid-wicket, there was a fielder in the deep but this was placed well past him. 13 runs off the over
21.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, no run, gets yorked by this one as he shimmies down the wicket, jammed back to the bowler by Rohit
21.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Kl Rahul, 1 run, leans forward and drives the tossed up delivery to long-on for a single
21.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, little shorter by Mosaddek Hossain and it's been knocked down to long-on by Rohit
21.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, SIX, that's a huge six, such a sweetly timed shot. A tossed up delivery by Mosaddek Hossain and Rohit tonks it over long-on with all his might. Six from the moment he connected it and everyone knew it, they could do nothing else but admire the shot
21.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Kl Rahul, 1 run, very slower through the air, Rahul makes room and puts it into the gap at covers with a gentle drive
20.6
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 1 run, in the channel outside off, a skiddy length delivery and Rahul pats it in front of point. Slight yes-no between the openers but they manage to take a comfortable single eventually
20.5
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, much slower by Rubel, bowls this one at 119kph and Rohit chops it towards the right of the keeper, takes a single as Rahul calls for it
20.4
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, no run, pitched up by Rubel and Rohit drives it straight back to the bowler off his front foot
20.3
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, shortish delivery around off, climbs on the batsman and Rohit goes ahead with a pull shot, doesn't middle it though as the ball falls in no man's land at deep mid-wicket, it slows down near the fence and the batsmen settle for a couple of runs
20.2
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, no run, seaming into the batsman outside the off-stump line, Rohit comes on his front foot and eases it to point
20.1
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, no run, length delivery in the channel outside off, skids along the deck and beats Rohit's tentative poke, good pace and carry on that ball by Rubel
19.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Kl Rahul, no run, that was close, dropped short and at the batsman, looked like it stopped on KL, he was early into the back-foot punch and it very nearly carried back to the bowler
19.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, an ugly hoick from Rohit, was looking to clear mid-wicket, didn't get close to the ball and the inside edge rolled behind square on the on-side for a single
19.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Rahul comes down the track, gets close to the ball and drives it past cover for a single
19.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tad too short from Mosaddek, allows Rohit to punch it off the back-foot to long-on
19.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
19.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flatter and drifting down leg, Rohit bends low and pulls it behind square on the on-side for a single
18.6
Rubel to Kl Rahul, FOUR, lovely, he's coming into his own zone - Rahul, fuller length delivery outside off, he leans into the drive, head on top of the ball and plays a delicious looking cover-drive, through the gap at extra-cover and there's no need to run for those
18.5
Rubel to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, length ball at the pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
18.4
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 1 run, change of pace from Rubel, slower ball on Rahul's pads, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
18.3
Rubel to Kl Rahul, no run, much better from Rubel, fraction fuller and shaping away late, drew Rahul into the drive and burst past his outside edge
18.2
Rubel to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, fifty for KL, his 2nd in #CWC19, length ball on the pads and he clipped it to the right of mid-wicket - the fielder dived over the ball and lets it go past him, back for the second run
18.1
Rubel to Kl Rahul, FOUR, beautifully played, Rubel starts with a gentle overpitched delivery, Rahul leans forward, plays with a closed face and plays the on-drive to perfection, back past his partner and runs away to the ropes
17.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Rahul shimmies down the track, gets close to the ball and works it to long-on for a single
17.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg-stump line, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
17.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Kl Rahul, 1 run, that's risky, but KL was in full control over the shot, bent down low to a full ball and swept it past square leg for a single
17.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flatter and at the stumps, punched back at the bowler who makes a half-stop
17.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, nicely done, tossed up well outside leg, Rohit bends down low, rolls his wrists and sweeps it behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
17.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Rohit Sharma, no run, flatter and just outside off, pushed back at the bowler
16.6
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, Rohit brings out the sweep now, doesn't roll his wrists over and hit it in the air - bounced well in front of the fielder in the deep
16.5
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower and on off, Rohit leans half-forward and then defends
16.4
Shakib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, Rahul gets a good stride forward and gets it past cover for a single
16.3
Shakib to Kl Rahul, no run, tossed up slower and well outside off, Rahul leans forward and defends
16.2
Shakib to Kl Rahul, no run, excellent stop from Sabbir, saved four runs for his team, dropped short and wide of off, Rahul made room and cut it behind point where the fielder threw himself at the ball
16.1
Shakib to Kl Rahul, no run, appeal for LBW, but Rahul was a long way across and got an inside edge as well - was shuffling across on the sweep and the ball roled to short fine
15.6
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Rohit leans into the drive and finds cover
15.5
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, 3 runs, Rahul is opening up now, backs away to a length ball and brings his wrists into play, flicks it in the gap wide of mid-wicket - a long chase for the fielder at mid-on and the batsmen saunter back for the third
15.4
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, SIX, massive, KL wants to have a piece of the fun as well, tad too short from Mortaza, Rahul swivels across and pulls it high and over wide mid-on, went sailing over the ropes for a maximum
15.3
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, fraction fuller and wider of off, Rahul leans forward and finds cover with the drive
15.2
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, Mortaza shortens his length outside off, Rahul presses across and defends it with a closed face
15.1
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a length and on Rohit's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
14.6
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted outside off, Rohit leans forward and eases it past cover for a single
14.5
Shakib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tad too short from Shakib, Rahul makes room and cuts it square past cover for a single
14.4
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, another fifty for Rohit in #CWC19, slower and wider of off, he reaches out and drives it with the turn, past cover for a single
14.3
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed up well outside off, Rohit leans well forward and blocks
14.2
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, SIX, lovely, Rohit is targetting the short boundaries today and he's dealing with sixes at the moment - was quick to spot the short ball, rocked back early and pulled it over deep mid-wicket for a maximum
14.1
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, turn for Shakib, slower and spinning away from outside off, Rohit pushes his bat forward and then withdraws it
13.6
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Rahul plays with a straight bat and finds cover
13.5
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on a length and coming back with the angle, Rohit plays close to his body and pushes it wide of cover
13.4
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, short of a length and well wide of off, Sharma stands on his toes and punches it in front of square on the off-side, past cover and he comes back for the second run
13.3
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, Rahul stands tall and punches it square on the off-side for a single
13.2
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, short of a length and on Rahul's pads, he was looking to flick and missed, off the pad and rolled to the on-side
13.1
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, on a length and angling into the right-hander, Rahul prods across and finds mid-wicket with the tuck
12.6
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted around the off-stump line, Rohit uses his wrists on the flick but can't get it past mid-wicket
12.5
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, Shakib drifts this one slower and wider of off, Rohit reaches out and carves it straight to backward point
12.4
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed up slower and well outside off, Rohit makes room on the cut and gets a top-edge to short third man
12.3
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower and just outside off, Rohit plays with an open face and finds cover-point
12.2
Shakib to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Shakib drops one short and well outside off, Rahul makes room and punches it to long-off for a single
12.1
Shakib to Kl Rahul, no run, tossed up outside off, Rahul gets well forward and pushes it to cover
11.6
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short of a length and around the off-stump line, nudged to the right of mid-wicket for a single
11.5
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Rahul leans forward and pushes it back past the bowler - Rohit wanted a run and is rightly sent back
11.4
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, nice tight line from Mortaza, on a length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
11.3
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, short of a length and on off, punched with a straight bat and back at the bowler
11.2
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, Mortaza shortens his length outside off, stayed a tad low and Rahul pushed it with an open face to backward point
11.1
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, driven to deep cover for a single
10.6
Shakib to Kl Rahul, no run, nicely tossed up on off, Rahul bent forward and pushed it to the left of cover, wanted a run and is sent back
10.6
Shakib to Kl Rahul, wide, pushed through on middle and angling down leg, Rahul went back on the flick and missed, called as a wide
10.5
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tad too short from Shakib, lets Rohit work it down towards long-on for a single
10.4
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower and on off, Rohit leans well forward on the defensive push
10.3
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, that's a bad shot from Rohit, slower through the air and spinning away from outside off, Rohit was looking for an ambitious drive , doesn't get close to the ball and meets thin air with the slash
10.2
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, fraction short and well outside off, Rohit makes room and cuts it straight to the fielder at backward point
10.1
Shakib to Rohit Sharma, no run, lovely, good start from Shakib, drifted in and then spun away, Rohit was half-forward on the defensive push and is beaten on the outside edge
9.6
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, pitched up delivery, driven crisply off the front foot by Rahul, but straight to the fielder at extra cover
9.5
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, now Mortaza bowls a straighter line and Rohit tucks it around the corner - deep backward square leg
9.4
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, superb placement! Shortish ball and Mortaza offers width wide of off. Rohit opens his bat-face and late-dabs it through the gap between short third man and backward point
9.3
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 126kph, angled in on middle, turned towards mid-wicket for a quick single
9.2
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, 126kph, good length delivery just outside off, tapped towards backward point. Rahul gets sent back by the Indian vice-captain
9.1
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, FOUR, very full ball at 122kph, Rahul walks forward and across to get to the pitch of the ball. And then, drills it to the left of the bowler. Rahul might have hit that a bit too early and hence it was in the air for a while. Fortunately for the batter, it eluded the bowler to his left in his followthrough
8.6
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Mustafizur continues from round the wicket and bowls a length ball marginally outside off. Rahul opens his bat-face at the last moment and runs it down to third man
8.5
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shorter again, off-pace ball and that's been tucked towards square leg for a quick single
8.4
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length delivery from round the wicket, Rohit drops it into the leg-side
8.3
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, taps this length ball into the leg-side
8.2
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, four off the freebie! A pacy, full-and-wide ball - probably meant to be the yorker. The bowler missed his mark and Rohit threw the kitchen sink at it, sliced it well wide of backward point. The man at third man put in a dive, but in vain
8.2
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no ball, 4, eye-pleasing stroke! A good length away-angling delivery, Rohit presses forward and creams the cover drive beating the short extra cover fielder to his right. No need to run for those. Mustafizur had overstepped too! Free-hit coming up
8.1
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slower delivery - 127kph, full on the pads, wristy whip through mid-wicket
7.6
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, 1 run, another half-volley from Saifuddin, but he gets away as Rahul's flick goes straight to deep square leg
7.5
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, shorter and attacking the stumps, doesn't rise as much as Rahul expects it to and gets an under edge on his attempted pull shot. The ball dies down near the batsman
7.4
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, FOUR, class! Saifuddin goes fuller and in the process slightly overpitches. Rahul walks across and caresses the drive through the gap between mid-off and extra cover. Top shot - everything was right about it
7.3
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, FOUR, bad ball! Full and angling down leg, easy pickings for Rahul. With fine leg inside the circle, Rahul glances it fine of the man at 45
7.2
Saifuddin to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 126kph, width served outside off, Rohit dabs it to third man off the bottom part of the bat
7.1
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, 1 run, the line's been too straight from Bangladesh. Another leg-lined length ball and Rahul works it around the corner by closing his bat-face
6.6
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, clips this fullish ball towards mid-on
6.5
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, full again, Rahul works it to the left of mid-wicket for a single
6.4
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller length delivery, Rahul is half-forward to knock it adjacent to the pitch on the off-side
6.3
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, good length delivery on leg and middle, turned through mid-wicket
6.2
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length delivery on the sticks, Rohit is content in blocking it out
6.1
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, edged and four! Full and angled across outside off, Rohit chases this wide-ish ball with a big waft and gets a big outside edge which goes over non-existent second slip and beats third man to his left
5.6
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, a good-looking shot for nothing. Pitched up delivery and Rahul drove off the sweet spot, couldn't find the gap in the cover region
5.5
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, 130kph, fuller ball on leg, Rahul plays a good looking wristy clip to the left of deep mid-wicket. Two more to the tally
5.4
Saifuddin to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, straighter line, nurdled around the corner
5.3
Saifuddin to Rohit Sharma, SIX, stunning shot! Rohit gives the charge by coming down the track and slightly moved leg-side in the crease, which allowed him to free his arms. Got underneath the ball and superbly carved it over deep extra cover. Right off the meat of the bat
5.2
Saifuddin to Rohit Sharma, no run, bunts this length ball to mid-on
5.1
Saifuddin to Rohit Sharma, no run, beaten! With the seam pointing towards first slip, Saifuddin darts an outswinger and forced Rohit into a drive off the front foot. The ball beat the outside edge - not by a long way - and went to the keeper's mitts
4.6
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tucked into the mid-wicket pocket
4.5
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, leg byes, 1 run, on the pads and Rahul is late on the glance, brushes the pad and rolls backward of square leg
4.4
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, a rare mistimed pull from Rohit and Tamim has put down a dolly! How costly will it be? Mustafizur has his hands on the head and is distraught. Back of a length and Rohit couldn't quite middle the stroke as he tried to go over mid-wicket. Tamim moved across to his left in the deep and it was a straightforward chance. Went with both hands, but ended up dropping it
4.3
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and angling across, Rohit drives well but straight to cover point
4.2
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, Mustafizur pulls his length back and Rohit stands tall to keep it out on the off-side
4.1
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, full ball and that's been push-driven towards mid-off
3.6
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, short of a good length ball, blunted to leg from the crease
3.5
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, FOUR, Saifuddin errs in line and Rahul scores his first boundary. A length ball slanted in on leg-stump line and Rahul tucks it off the sweet spot. Runs away and through mid-wicket, Shakib was a bit lethargic in his dive to his left at deep mid-wicket after running across. Yes, Shakib too can make a mistake!
3.4
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 128kph, fuller length delivery, outswinger and Rahul reaches out before half-heartedly pushing it to cover
3.3
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, moves forward and across to bunt a length ball to the right of Saifuddin, mid-on mops up
3.2
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 129kph, touch shorter, decks away and the ball keeps low. A tentative Rahul poked at it and got beaten on the outside edge. Goes to the keeper on the bounce
3.1
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 132kph, good length delivery shaping away, Rahul has a good look at it before lifting his bat up
2.6
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slightly too short, Rahul has ample time as he stays back in his crease and steers it backward of backward point
2.5
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, a one-legged half-tuck, half-flick to a rib-tickler. Was in the air for a while, but safe. Goes to the left of short fine and Rohit will collect a single
2.4
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, 129kph, shorter in length, no movement - in the air or off the deck - Rohit stays back and watchfully keeps it out on the off-side
2.3
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, 136kph, fuller in length and angled across the right-handed batsman, Rohit sees the line (outside off) and shoulders arms
2.2
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, 135kph, back of a length delivery marginally outside off, Rohit hops and gently taps it on the leg-side. Rahul eyes a sharp single, gets rightly sent back
2.1
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 130kph, back of a length delivery slanted away, Rahul runs it down to third man
1.6
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, 1 run, pitched up delivery, searching for the swing - hardly any - and ends up bowling it on leg. Rahul flicks it away through square leg
1.5
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 130kph, attacks the sticks from a short of length, Rahul stands tall and punches it back to the bowler
1.4
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 122kph, further full, Rahul gets forward and drives hard, finds mid-off
1.3
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 129kph, Saifuddin hurls it full and gets it to shape away from the right-hander. Just a hint of outswing and Rahul lets it go on line
1.2
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, tight line. Good length ball around off, Rahul stays in his crease and fences it to backward point
1.1
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, with a slip in place, Saifuddin starts with a good length ball around the fifth stump channel, Rahul moves towards off and taps it to backward point
0.6
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, good start for India. Ten off the opening over. Mortaza hurls fuller, Rohit walks forward and across to clip it wide of mid-on for a couple
0.5
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, no run, better line and length, short of a good length ball around off and Rohit defends it on the off-side
0.4
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, SIX, that's the short boundary! Another innocuous shortish ball from Mortaza. You have to be accurate against Rohit if you are banging it short, else he'll punish you. Sits up nicely for the right-hander and Rohit pummels the pull over deep square leg off the front foot. A six to get off the mark
0.3
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, no run, 126kph, back of a length delivery, Rohit allows the ball to come to him and pats it towards point. It went off the top part of the bat
0.3
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, wide, wkjeb 125kph, shortish and down leg, Rohit goes for the pull and misses. Deemed as a wide
0.2
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, 1 run, India and Rahul get off the mark. Another harmless shortish ball on middle and leg, Rahul turns it to square leg to open his account
0.1
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, a gentle-paced back of a length delivery from over the wicket, Rahul shuffles towards off and defends this back of a length delivery towards mid-on
Commentary
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mosaddek Hossain,Rubel,Soumya Sarkar,Sabbir Rahman,Mustafizur,Liton Das
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
