32.1
Behrendorff to Morgan, FOUR, swiped uppishly. A date with Lord's is England's .. and there's never really something sweeter than thrashing the old enemy. Also if you really care, this went over mid-on, not with a lot of timing, but with everybody inside the ring in the end, it doesn't even matter
31.6
Starc to Root, no run, 144kph, late cute stab, oh it had a boundary written all over. But Maxwell - the backward point guy - will delay it for a bit, diving like only he can. Okay, still, 2 ..
31.5
Starc to Root, no run, 146kph, a hint of inward seam off a good length. Root couldn't care less, tapping it on the up to cover
31.4
Starc to Morgan, 1 run, 149kph in this yorker. Morgan digs it to cover, takes that guy on. Okay, 2 ..
31.3
Starc to Root, 1 run, tries a bouncer. Root pulls it crunchily as well, but there's a deep mid-wicket
31.2
Starc to Root, FOUR, 144kph. The slightest of width, and Root's brought Lord's down to one shot -- courtesy, a flashy square cut
31.1
Starc to Root, no run, 141kph, tummy-lined. Root lines up beside with his hop, dabbing it away to backward point
30.6
Behrendorff to Root, 1 run, high full toss, whipped away behind square .. 8
30.5
Behrendorff to Root, no run, 129kph, off-based yorker. A mere squeeze now
30.4
Behrendorff to Root, FOUR, 118kph, loose half-tracker. Gets some tennis ball bounce out of this but Root knows mid-wicket is left open .. he jumps, takes it airborne and smashes it away into cow corner. The distance to Lord's is down to single digits
30.3
Behrendorff to Root, no run, 116kph, the split-finger slower one on middle. Root's no Morgan -- he's in no hurry. He will block some more
30.2
Behrendorff to Root, no run, 126kph, a shuffling rock behind, staying up tall in a straight batted defence
30.2
Behrendorff to Root, wide, sf 109kph, loses his wrist on the slower cutter, well down leg
30.1
Behrendorff to Root, no run, 129kph, length, fouth-stumped. A typically Root punch off the back foot to point
29.6
Lyon to Root, 1 run, neatly tickled away with the spin, square leg
29.5
Lyon to Root, FOUR, and now Root will add some funk. He's quick to reverse, getting the ball bang in the slot as well to nail it backward of point
29.4
Lyon to Morgan, 1 run, quicker in-slider. Morgan gets tied up for room a touch, but manages a good enough stab on this through point
29.3
Lyon to Morgan, 2 runs, sits down on the flight and sweeps it in front of square
29.2
Lyon to Morgan, FOUR, nice short sit-up. We all know Morgan's in a hurry, but Lyon's in a hurry of his own. Dishes out a gift, and Morgan unlocks it with an absolute thump through sweeper
29.1
Lyon to Root, 1 run, back, across, behind. And uses the in-spin to tuck it round the corner
28.6
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, jumps down in yet-another-pull, miscuing to mid-on
28.5
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, a very non-nasty slower bouncer. Spongy bounce, heading over Morgan's shoulder as he's easily early into an attempted pull
28.4
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, 131kph, hard back of a length nipping in off the pitch. No-feet, no-fuss, block
28.3
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, 130kph, a sharper bumper. Morgan tries another charge down the track, but is well inside the line this time to withdraw out
28.2
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, he wants to charge down for a reason, but Behrendorff then is smart enough to bang it short. Another cramped pull - this time on the upper half - mid-wicket
28.1
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, short skiddy stuff. And quite a cramped up pull off the inside half to mid-wicket
27.6
Lyon to Morgan, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Morgan cracks it to deep point and hogs the strike again
27.5
Lyon to Morgan, no run, saw the left hander advancing and dragged back the length, Morgan did well to get some bat on that and steer it to short third man. It was in the air for a while but landed safely
27.4
Lyon to Morgan, FOUR, Morgan is now in a hurry. Back to back boundaries. Creates a bit of room to open up the off-side field and then slaps the flattish delivery to deep extra cover. The fielder in the deep was much squarer
27.3
Lyon to Morgan, FOUR, not where he intended but Morgan will take the boundary. Tossed up but drifts down leg, Morgan kneels and under-edges the sweep fine past the man at backward square, races away
27.2
Lyon to Root, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, Root wrists it with the head right on top of the ball
27.1
Lyon to Morgan, 1 run, quicker delivery and Morgan plays the cut off the stumps to deep point
26.6
Behrendorff to Morgan, 1 run, 129kph short of length delivery and it does not bounce as much as Morgan expected hence the mistimed pull to deep backward square, he will retain strike
26.5
Behrendorff to Morgan, FOUR, 128kph short delivery and Morgan dismisses it from his presence. He swivels on his front leg, rolls his wrists and nails the pull behind square leg, no stopping that
26.4
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, bit of heave from Morgan and he mistimes it horribly. Full and slanting in, Morgan mishits it to mid-wicket and in the process has broken the bat. Signals for a replacement
26.3
Behrendorff to Morgan, 2 runs, in the air and just over Finch. The cutter on a fullish length, Morgan was a tad early into the loft and toe-ends it over mid-off, Finch backtracks and stretches his right hand, doesn't even get a fingertip to it
26.2
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, back of a length and holding its line outside off, Morgan played for the incoming angle and was beaten by a good six inches or so
26.1
Behrendorff to Root, 1 run, very full delivery on leg-stump, clipped away to deep square leg
25.6
Lyon to Morgan, 2 runs, flighted on off-stump, Morgan presses forward and opens the bat face at the last second to run it past Smith at slip, two more
25.5
Lyon to Morgan, FOUR, this time he connects. Lyon gave this a bit of air and allowed Morgan to get underneath the reverse sweep, he manages to scoop it over backward point and once the ball past the infield, there was no stopping that
25.4
Lyon to Morgan, no run, shortens the length and Morgan punches it towards cover, where Warner stops a single
25.3
Lyon to Morgan, no run, tossed up on off-stump, Morgan prods forward and defends
25.2
Lyon to Morgan, no run, straightaway Morgan goes for the reverse sweep, but Lyon had pushed it through and the ball skidded across to beat Morgan's swinging blade
25.1
Lyon to Root, 1 run, turning in from outside off, Root nurdles it backward of square leg
24.6
Starc to Root, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Root pushes on the rise to the left of mid-off, retains strike
24.5
Starc to Root, no run, back of a length on off, Root opens the bat face and dabs it to backward point
24.4
Starc to Root, FOUR, uhh! The attempted inswinging yorker, Starc does not get it right as it ends up as a low full toss on the pads, Root bends down and tickles it to fine leg. Once again used the pace of Starc to pocket a boundary
24.3
Starc to Root, no run, shortens the length and keeps it close, Root hops a bit and defends to backward point
24.2
Starc to Root, no run, pitched up outside off, Root drives and cannot pierce the packed off-side field
24.1
Starc to Root, no run, fuller and around off, Root presses forward and drives it to mid-off
23.6
Pat Cummins to Morgan, FOUR, a conventional mid-off might have had a chance but not with Warner well in front. Cummins goes full after a barrage of short deliveries and though Morgan's feet don't move much, the extension of the arms allows him to get it over the infield
23.5
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, short of length at the backing away Morgan, he jumps and drops it into the leg-side
23.5
Pat Cummins to Morgan, wide, bumper angled at the batsman, Morgan sits down and allows it to sail over. Wide called for height
23.4
Pat Cummins to Root, 1 run, short and outside off, Root rides the bounce and cuts it to sweeper cover
23.3
Pat Cummins to Morgan, 1 run, that is what short deliveries do - Morgan's feet are not moving. This was a good length delivery and around off, Morgan stayed rooted to the crease and squirted an outside edge to third man
23.2
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, Morgan is hopping and prodding. Short and aimed right at the body, Morgan takes his eyes off as he tries to fend into the leg-side, the ball hits the bat handle and drops safely into the off-side. He had no idea where the ball was
23.1
Pat Cummins to Root, 1 run, back of a length around off, Root punches sans timing to mid-on and sets off, easily stolen
22.6
Starc to Morgan, no run, short of length and closer to Morgan, he hops a bit and defends it into the off-side. Still does not look convincing when playing that length
22.5
Starc to Morgan, FOUR, banged in short but Starc offers width outside off, Morgan has no problems with that line, he had the space to free his arms and he slaps it over the infield, one bounce and over the ropes
22.4
Starc to Root, 1 run, back of a length on the hips, Root flicks it away to fine leg
22.3
Starc to Root, no run, very close to the body to be playing the steer to third man, Root has a look at the surface gesturing the ball didn't arrive as he expected, but that was not the case
22.2
Starc to Root, no run, short and outside off, Root cuts and is denied a boundary by a flying Maxwell at backward point. The full length dive to his left and the stop saved his side four runs
22.1
Starc to Root, no run, fuller and outside off, Root drives without any timing towards cover
21.6
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, ouch! He does look uncomfortable when the ball has been dug in. This time he takes a blow on the glove. Short of length and kicks up at Morgan, who does well not to jab and allow it to thud into the glove
21.5
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, another short ball around off, Morgan arches back and allows it to sail past him
21.4
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, short of length angled in, Morgan moves away to the leg-side and fends it to the right of Cummins
21.3
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, bouncer on the stumps, Morgan stays leg-side and then sways away from the line of the delivery
21.2
Pat Cummins to Root, 1 run, angled in from back of a length, Root clips it backward of square leg and wanted two, Morgan denies
21.1
Pat Cummins to Morgan, 1 run, strays on the pads and Morgan glances it away to fine leg, off the mark
20.6
Starc to Root, 2 runs, wee bit of space given outside off, Root is good with the square cut and he places it behind square, two more
20.5
Starc to Root, no run, back of a length close to off, Root stays back and drops it dead in front of backward point
20.4
Starc to Root, 2 runs, back of a length on the hips, Root tucks it away through the open mid-wicket area for a brace
20.3
Starc to Root, no run, very full and outside off, Root leans forward and toe-ends the drive to cover-point
20.2
Starc to Root, no run, once more pitched up looking to get it to swing back in, Root presents the full bat face and drives it back to Starc
20.1
Starc to Root, no run, fuller and around off, Root presses forward and drives it back, Starc stops in his followthrough
19.6
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, and again.. Morgan is not going to get anything in his arc for some time now. Cummins bangs it in and gets it to slant away outside off, easy leave
19.5
Pat Cummins to Morgan, no run, short and angling away across the left hander, Morgan sways away from the line of the delivery
19.4
Pat Cummins to Roy, out Caught by Carey!! What has happened here? Roy has been given out but he does not want to go. The umpires are having a word with him and tell him to leave the field. He is furious and is muttering away in anger. The match referee will have a look into this. Hope he doesn't get suspended for the final. Short and aimed at the batsman, Roy is on one-leg to play the pull and the ball lobs to Carey. The Australians go up in unison and umpire Dharmasena had a bit of hesitation in raising his finger. That was what put off Roy. The UltraEdge shows a flatline as ball passes Roy. So he has every right to be livid with the decision. England had lost the review with Bairstow's wicket and they could not do anything about it wkt (2-147) min (99m). Roy c Carey b Pat Cummins 85(65) [4s-9 6s-5]
19.3
Pat Cummins to Root, 1 run, short of length around off, Root rides the bounce and rolls his wrists to pull it along the ground to deep mid-wicket
19.2
Pat Cummins to Root, FOUR, Root is dealing in boundaries. He has scored all his runs in fours. Fraction short and Root's trigger movement back makes it more shorter, cracks the cut behind square and gives third man no chance
19.1
Pat Cummins to Roy, 1 run, angled in on off and middle, Roy uses those wrists to work it to fine leg
18.6
Stoinis to Root, no run, on the shorter side and Root is behind the line to punch it into a packed off-side field
18.5
Stoinis to Root, no run, fuller than a good length and Root pushes it to mid-off
18.4
Stoinis to Root, no run, back of a length outside off, Root is back and across to punch it to cover
18.3
Stoinis to Root, no run, on a length outside off, Root prods forward and angles it with an open bat face to backward point
18.2
Stoinis to Roy, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Roy cuts but not off the middle as it ends up at third man
18.1
Stoinis to Roy, FOUR, boundaries continue to come thick and fast.. This is due to a misfield. A off-speed short of length delivery and Roy slaps the pull to mid-wicket, the ball bounces in front of the fielder and beats him to the fence
17.6
Starc to Root, FOUR, shot! Root is up for the challenge. Starc once more does not get his line and length right. Short and outside off, Root is crouching low to crack the cut square of the wicket. No one moved in the field
17.5
Starc to Root, FOUR, he's trying desparately to pick up another wicket here. Strays on the pads and Root is not going to let go, leans forward and glances it to fine leg. Used the pace and picked up a boundary
17.4
Starc to Root, no run, back of a length around off, Root is right behind the line to defend that
17.3
Starc to Root, FOUR, oh! That's a nasty delivery first up. Short and aimed right at the batsman's body, Root was jumping and prodding as he didn't know where the ball was, leaves his bat hanging in front and the ball deflects away past a diving Carey
17.2
Starc to Bairstow, out Lbw!! If there was one man who could keep Australia in the game then it was Mitchell Starc. He returns for a third spell and breaks this partnership. Takes his wicket tally to 27 - most in a World Cup. What a bowler! Good length ball pitched on middle and nipped in enough to beat Bairstow on the inside edge, since the feet had not moved, the ball struck him in front of the stumps. Ball-tracking had it hitting the leg-stump. Bairstow reviewed in hope but he was proved wrong. He has a word to the incoming Root wkt (1-124) min (88m). Bairstow lbw b Starc 34(43) [4s-5]
17.1
Starc to Bairstow, no run, bumper on leg-stump, Bairstow watches it all the way and ducks under it
16.6
Stoinis to Roy, FOUR, the extra ball costs Stoinis a boundary. Roy seems to be in a hurry now. Wants to book that final berth quickly. Races down the wicket and though he was cramped for room, he swivels around and short-arm jabs it to deep mid-wicket. No chance for Lyon
16.6
Stoinis to Roy, wide, spoils the over by trying the slower bouncer, loses his radar and sprays it down leg, height was also an issue and it has been rightly called a wide
16.5
Stoinis to Roy, no run, fuller and outside off, Roy presses forward and pushes it firmly to cover
16.4
Stoinis to Roy, no run, now opens up Roy with one that straightens, the ball squirts off the outside edge to backward point
16.3
Stoinis to Roy, no run, slower and aimed for the stumps, Roy closes the bat face and the soft leading edge rolls back
16.2
Stoinis to Roy, 2 runs, short and not much venom on this, Roy pulls it along the ground to deep mid-wicket. Long chase for Lyon and he manages to get there in time, dives across and saves a brace
16.1
Stoinis to Bairstow, 1 run, good length ball on middle, nudged away in front of square on the leg-side
15.6
Smith to Roy, no run, tossed up around off, Roy prods forward and defends it to cover. 21 off Smith's experimental over
15.5
Smith to Roy, SIX, hat-trick of sixes. He is just smashed this out of the park. The best of the lot. He stays leg-side of the ball, waits for the ball to land and then swings beautifully to send it sailing over long-on
15.4
Smith to Roy, SIX, Roy didn't allow Lyon to settle and he surely is not going to allow a part-timer like Smith to bowl to him. Sees a bit of air and pumps it straight back over, just manages to clear the ad triangles
15.3
Smith to Roy, SIX, brings up the 100-run stand with a maximum. A full toss and Roy does not get enough power on the launch, but he had enough to clear a leaping Maxwell at long-on. Fourth time these two have added 100+ for the opening wicket in this World Cup
15.2
Smith to Bairstow, 1 run, brilliant bit of work from Maxwell. Bairstow hammered this flighted delivery straight over Smith and stood there thinking it was a boundary, Maxwell ran to his left from long-on and dived full length to make a one-handed save, just a single
15.2
Smith to Bairstow, wide, drifting down leg, Bairstow tries to help it along the way but fails to do so
15.1
Smith to Roy, 1 run, low dipping full toss and Roy drags it off the toe-end to long-on. He went hard on the drive and was not able to reach it
14.6
Starc to Roy, 1 run, worked away through mid-wicket
14.5
Starc to Roy, FOUR, fifty for Roy. The injury hasn't hampered his comeback one bit and continues to notch up fifties at will. Another loose delivery from Starc, darting it away outside off. Roy crunches it through extra cover and reaches the milestone. Salute of the bat and the crowd greets it with loud cheers and claps
14.5
Starc to Roy, wide, this has been happening with Starc far too often today. A full delivery, sliding down leg and it's been signalled a wide
14.4
Starc to Roy, no run, pulls his length back and keeps it short outside off, Roy flails his hands and crashes it, finds cover
14.3
Starc to Roy, FOUR, now, it's Roy's turn. The lofted off-drive as he gets one in the slot and extends his arms, presenting a clean swing of the bat and moves onto 49*
14.2
Starc to Bairstow, 1 run, tilting away in the zone just outside off, Bairstow opens his bat face and uses the pace to dink it to third man
14.1
Starc to Bairstow, FOUR, ruthless slap. Starc overbakes, overpitches outside off and Bairstow barbecues it over mid-off. Poor start to Starc's new spell
13.6
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, "Catch" was the shout, it falls a couple of yards short of mid-off. Length delivery that stops a bit which forces Roy to check his punch. Airly and mid-off collects it on the bounce
13.5
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, goodish length, angling in. Opaque block to mid-wicket
13.4
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, ushers in a bumper, it's sailing over Roy's head. First bouncer called for the over, but I reckon it was too high, lucky that Cummins got away there
13.3
Pat Cummins to Roy, FOUR, that's a shocking delivery from Cummins and gets punished deservedly. Short at the hips and down leg, Roy hauls his back leg and pulls it very fine
13.2
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, off-cutter that holds up on the pitch. Roy is taken by surprise and meets it high on the bat, defending it to mid-wicket as the bat face turns in his hands at the point of impact
13.1
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, 142kph, on a length just outside off. Roy was setting up for a back foot punch and ends up getting an inside edge onto his boot
12.6
Lyon to Bairstow, no run, quicker again outside off, Bairstow breaks free and cuts it to short third man
12.5
Lyon to Bairstow, no run, flat, quick and Bairstow bunts it to mid-wicket
12.4
Lyon to Bairstow, FOUR, things going Bairstow and England's way at the moment. Looped up just outside off, Bairstow went back to smack it across the line, extra bounce takes the top-edge and flies away from short third man. The fielder chases it but the ball wins the race
12.3
Lyon to Bairstow, no run, spinning in just outside off, short-arm jabbed along the ground and fine stop by square leg
12.2
Lyon to Bairstow, no run, flighted just outside off, Bairstow goes down to sweep and went too far across, so couldn't connect the shot. Wears it on the pad
12.1
Lyon to Roy, 1 run, 92kph, quicker and at the stumps, Roy creates room and bashes it to sweeper cover
11.6
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, flows into a crisp punch, finds mid-off
11.5
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, indipper that jerks in and slams Bairstow on the thigh pad. Didn't read it and pushed it beside the line, it beats the inside edge and thuds him on the thigh
11.4
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, 2 runs, shorter outside off, guided away behind point and Bairstow races back for the second
11.4
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, wide, 5 diabolical from Cummins. Went for the bouncer and overcooks it. Carey didn't have a chance and bonus runs for England
11.3
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, loud appeal for lbw from Cummins and Co. but umpire Kumar Dharmasena dismisses it. Was it going down leg? Was it too high? Possible. Back of a length and zips through to rap Bairstow on the pad around the knee-roll
11.2
Pat Cummins to Roy, 1 run, tummy-line, getting some sharp bounce and Roy quickly transfers his weight to pull it along the ground to fine leg
11.1
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, short, darting in. Roy stays put and eases it with a straight bat back to the bowler
10.6
Lyon to Roy, 1 run, oh! This one stopped a bit and squares up Roy, who was coming down the track. Roy was all at sea and squirts it off the outer half towards short third man
10.5
Lyon to Roy, FOUR, now comes the improvisation. It's part of his repertoire. The reverse-sweep, bending low and hammers it through point. Audacious batting from Roy, doesn't want to let Lyon dictate terms
10.4
Lyon to Bairstow, 1 run, off-break that turns in, Bairstow sits low and sweeps it away behind square
10.3
Lyon to Roy, 1 run, flatter outside off, Roy creates room and thrashes it to sweeper cover
10.2
Lyon to Roy, no run, nice from Lyon. Pushes it through quicker, no flight whatsoever and Roy gets hurried, jabs and gets beaten
10.1
Lyon to Roy, SIX, this is a brave shot from Roy. Knew long-on was there, still backed his muscle power and deposited it into the stands. Puts Lyon under pressure first ball. Tossed up generously, Roy makes room and whacks it away for a maximum
9.6
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, straighter in line, closed bat-face tuck to square leg
9.5
Behrendorff to Roy, 1 run, 50-up for England with this single, claps ring around the ground. Pushed back down the pitch, Behrendorff gets a hand on it and it deflects off Bairstow's bat, trickling away towards mid-wicket which enables them to steal a single
9.4
Behrendorff to Roy, 2 runs, overpitched delivery outside off, Roy plants his front foot across and stylishly drives it past extra cover. Some work for Maxwell at long-off and he cuts it off
9.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, 1 run, slower delivery at 117kph, very straight and Bairstow nurdles it to mid-wicket
9.2
Behrendorff to Roy, 1 run, cutter on a length, on leg-stump. Picked away to deep square leg
9.1
Behrendorff to Bairstow, 1 run, 138kph, on a short of length and comes back in a touch, Bairstow jabs and inside-edges it to square leg
8.6
Pat Cummins to Roy, FOUR, amazing flick of the wrists from Roy. Unlocked it at the last minute and places it past square leg. Ruins what looked like a good over from Cummins
8.5
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, makes adjustment and shuffles across his stumps to flick this full ball to mid-wicket
8.4
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, length, just outside off. Defended to cover
8.3
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, pounds in a bumper, Roy takes notice and avoids it
8.2
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, oh, this back of a length delivery rushes through and goes past Roy's inside edge. He was hopping across in a bid to work it to the on-side but slight inward movement defeats Roy, going over the stumps
8.1
Pat Cummins to Roy, no run, back of a length, skids on and rams Roy on the thigh pad as he fails to connect with the nudge
7.6
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, waits back and across, knocks it defensively
7.5
Behrendorff to Bairstow, FOUR, did Behrendorff get a hand on this? I don't think so. But a half-chance for Behrendorff and he can't cling onto it. Pitched up delivery and Bairstow unleashes a bottom-handed drive on the rise straight down the ground. Behrendorff gets low in his followthrough trying to pouch it but in vain
7.4
Behrendorff to Bairstow, 2 runs, leg-stump line again from Behrendorff, tickled away behind square and Bairstow will come back for the second comfortably
7.3
Behrendorff to Roy, leg byes, 1 run, vociferous shout for lbw by Behrendorff, but it's pitched outside leg certainly. Full and fizzing through the deck, Roy misses the flick and gets rapped on the pad. Rolls to square leg
7.2
Behrendorff to Roy, no run, gets right behind the line and blocks it to into the off-side
7.1
Behrendorff to Roy, no run, what was Roy trying to do here? Came charging down the track, Behrendorff shortens his length and gets it to tail away a little, Roy tried to open his bat face but fails to do so, beaten all ends up
6.6
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, 2 runs, mere push-drive. The key was opening the bat face at the last moment and placing it past mid-off. Warner gives the chase and hunts it down
6.5
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, fraction fuller outside off, punched sweetly but straight to extra cover
6.4
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, the heavy ball. The effort ball from Cummins. Whistles in a bouncer which makes Bairstow sway his head out of the line.
6.3
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, goes fuller and gets some inward shape, Bairstow drags it off the inner half to mid-wicket
6.2
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, 140kph, good length delivery that threatens to straighten with extra bounce. Bairstow adjusts well and defends it
6.1
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, good length, straightening on middle and leg. Turned wristly to square leg
5.6
Starc to Roy, no run, short, decking in just outside off. Roy deals it with a careful defence
5.5
Starc to Roy, SIX, woah! The nonchalant whip from Roy, came off the toe-end but has timed it supremely to clear fine leg. Leg-lined, full ball and Roy uses his wrists and plays the pick-up shot to earn a maximum. For a moment, he must've felt he was in trouble, but nope! Enough wood on it to take it all the way
5.4
Starc to Bairstow, 1 run, snaking away around fourth-stump line, Bairstow gets on top of it and steers it away to third man
5.3
Starc to Bairstow, no run, back of a length, moving away just outside off. Extra bounce hits Bairstow high on the bat and rolls to mid-wicket. He wanted a single and took a couple of steps but Roy sends him back
5.2
Starc to Bairstow, no run, better line from Starc. Gets this length delivery to curve back in a little, blocked back to the bowler
5.1
Starc to Bairstow, FOUR, incredible from Bairstow. Anything loose, he takes full toll. Too short and too wide from Starc outside off, Bairstow rides the bounce and slashes it past point
5.1
Starc to Bairstow, wide, Starc searches for the inswinger and in the process, slips it down the leg-side. Called a wide by umpire Kumar Dharmasena
4.6
Behrendorff to Roy, no run, full and follows Roy, who was making room to clear the off-side ring. Couldn't quite free his arms as he would've liked and mistimes it to mid-on
4.5
Behrendorff to Roy, no run, 132kph, shorter in length just outside off. Roy remains firm on the back foot and defends
4.4
Behrendorff to Roy, 2 runs, cramps Roy for room, but he manages to tuck it past mid-wicket, off the inner half and collects a brace
4.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, 1 run, scrambled seam length delivery, cutting back into the right-hander. Bairstow twirls his wrists at the last moment to work it away through mid-wicket
4.2
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, back of a length, closer to off. Bairstow gets tucked for space as he flays his bat, chops it to the off-side
4.1
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, fullish just outside off, Bairstow meets it with a drive - off the inner half to mid-on
3.6
Starc to Roy, FOUR, the flair, the flamboyance. It's a sight to watch. It started with a boundary and ends with a boundary too. Nothing much wrong with the delivery from Starc, slightly short and hint of width just outside off. Roy stood tall, extended his arms and displayed his high elbows, spanking it beautifully through extra cover
3.5
Starc to Roy, no run, 144kph, drop in pace but the line and length is immaculate. Roy hops back and guides it softly towards slip
3.4
Starc to Roy, no run, 150kph, short and curling away just outside off. Roy waits back and blunts it
3.3
Starc to Roy, no run, back of a length and moving away just outside off, Roy stays back and quells it to point
3.2
Starc to Roy, 2 runs, straightish from Starc, nudged wide of mid-wicket and Roy nabs the second with ease
3.1
Starc to Roy, FOUR, such fast hands from Roy. Starc overcooks, feeds a half-volley and Roy was quick to pounce on it. Reaching out in a jiffy and driving it past mid-off
2.6
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, and again.. similar line, similar length. Shaping away in the corridor and Bairstow goes chasing once more without covering for the movement. Inches away from the edge
2.5
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, there's the variation and that was so close to kissing the outside edge. The away-slanter, nibbling away just outside off and Bairstow has no clue about that. Plays the poker game and gets beaten
2.4
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, length, slanting on off-stump channel and Bairstow takes a stride forward and defends it to cover
2.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, gets it fuller, Bairstow takes his front leg out of the way and clips it to mid-on
2.2
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, loud call of "Wait" from Bairstow after tapping it to cover
2.1
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, cross-seam fuller length delivery, jagging in towards middle. Bairstow plunges forward and defends it neatly
1.6
Starc to Roy, no run, back to the probing off-stump line, making Roy to grind it with a straight bat
1.6
Starc to Roy, wide, loses the plot and fires one down the leg, the umpire spreads his arms
1.5
Starc to Roy, no run, 151kph, Starc's pace rattles Roy and strikes him on the back thigh. He wasn't expecting it to skid on rapidly and gets beaten for sheer pace. It was on a shortish length and just zipped through the deck in a hurry. Typical Starc delivery
1.4
Starc to Roy, no run, shortens his length at 148kph, Roy stands up to blunt it down the pitch
1.3
Starc to Roy, no run, testing line and length from Starc. Pacy full ball on off and middle, Roy takes caution and dead-bats it
1.2
Starc to Roy, no run, angles it away just outside off, defended to cover
1.1
Starc to Roy, no run, 137kph, fuller just outside off. Roy presents a straight-batted push to mid-on
0.6
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, Behrendorff corrects his line and keeps it tighter around off. Bairstow respects it with a block
0.5
Behrendorff to Bairstow, FOUR, shot of a man in form. Bairstow gets into business rightaway, wasting no time. Behrendorff dishes out an outswinger, turns out to be a juicy half-volley outside off. Bairstow leans into the drive and smashes it in the gap at covers. The fans roar and Bairstow opens his account with a boundary
0.4
Behrendorff to Roy, 1 run, 137kph, seaming away outside off. Roy wanted to punch it off the back foot and ends up toe-ending it to third man, getting off the mark
0.3
Behrendorff to Roy, no run, shade fuller and tries to shape back into the right-hander. Roy with a half-stride pushes it to mid-wicket
0.2
Behrendorff to Roy, no run, goodish length, on off-stump line. Compact block from Roy
0.1
Behrendorff to Roy, no run, nip-backer on a back of a length, Roy with a lazy attempted push and gets a slight inside edge to square leg
Commentary
Liam Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid, Jos Buttler (wk),Bairstow,Roy,Ben Stokes, Chris Woakes,Root, Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
Finch,Warner,Smith,Handscomb,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
