41.3
Gabriel to Liton Das, FOUR, another stray bouncer. And justly, it will end with a pull into fine leg, and even more justly with the fielder out there losing sight of the ball and running the other way. Yea, it's been that kind of a mauling
41.2
Gabriel to Liton Das, no run, back of a length and angling in. Liton gets greedy, trying to walk inside and pull it away. And the greed will make him miss
41.1
Gabriel to Liton Das, 2 runs, slow dipping yorker on the feet, flicked away calmly behind square
40.6
Holder to Liton Das, 1 run, up on his toes, riding the bounce as he runs it down to third man
40.5
Holder to Liton Das, no run, hurried up on the pull, but the glove will go out into square leg. Nah, not single worthy
40.4
Holder to Liton Das, FOUR, it's short, obviously. It's wide, obviously. Liton is bored cutting and steering, so he'll stab, without even bothering to keep it down as he gets it over and behind point
40.3
Holder to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length. Shakib has a swivelling swat in front of square
40.2
Holder to Liton Das, 1 run, presses forward, holding up nice high elbows to punch it down the ground
40.1
Holder to Liton Das, FOUR, 128kph of an overcook. Liton continues his hurry, stroking it delightfully and breaching the gap angles in the covers perfectly
39.6
Gabriel to Liton Das, 1 run, 120kph, hops inside the line to fend it away backward of square
39.5
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, 128kph, opens up his bat face, guiding it away to third man
39.4
Gabriel to Shakib, no run, cuts back in off the pitch ending up near the tummy. Knocked defenseivly into the pitch
39.3
Gabriel to Liton Das, 1 run, 141kph, sharp bumper. Liton has an uncontrolled one-handed hook. But again, there's no fine leg
39.2
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, shorter, and Shakib's back milking them backward of point
39.1
Gabriel to Shakib, 2 runs, full in the slot on middle. Shakib has hard wrists in powering this straight back past the bowler. Hetmyer is tumbling in front of the sightscreen, making good distance from long-on
38.6
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, slower bouncer, sticking in the pitch, getting up really slowly with Liton a week early into his pull .. pops out off the gloves
38.5
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, goes across with the angle off a good length. Tapped away to cover
38.4
Cottrell to Liton Das, FOUR, and then he ruins things further, rubbing insult into his earlier insult with a freebie on the pads. Glanced away easily behind square
38.3
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, dropped. It's absolutely been smashed down the ground, and Cottrell in trying to evade/catch has his hands at the ball, but it just DOESN't stick
38.2
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, 134kph, leg-lined, but with Liton walking across his stumps ensures this line's just down leg. Umpire Ravi ain't impressed, he must've once been a bowler!
38.1
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, 111kph, cutter on a length. Punched away down to long-on
37.6
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, full on off, a walking straight drive, long-off .. 24 it'll be off this one
37.5
Gabriel to Shakib, FOUR, it's edgy, but, but, Shakib and his luck refuse to ditch each other. He gets squared up with the angle coming in, getting an outside edge and runs away through the empty slips
37.4
Gabriel to Liton Das, 1 run, boooo. Too full and only can be squeezed into the covers
37.3
Gabriel to Liton Das, SIX, Liton equals half a Yuvi. Gabriel obviously goes back short, Liton walks right inside it and then hooks it -- it's fine leg's turn
37.2
Gabriel to Liton Das, SIX, oh it CAN get better. Gabriel tries the bluff with a pitch up, but Liton's smarter, waiting on it, making room and then slicing it high over long-off
37.1
Gabriel to Liton Das, SIX, the short one's not short enough -- it's a sitter in fact and Das will pump this into deep square leg, rocking onto the front foot and then with the flattest of bats smashing it deep over
36.6
Cottrell to Shakib, no run, gets cramped up on the swat, only down the pitch
36.5
Cottrell to Shakib, FOUR, strays well, well down leg. Shakib needs a tickle, and he gets more than enough meat and more than enough bottom hand in nailing this away behind square
36.4
Cottrell to Shakib, no run, 105kph, spots the change up, moves away but then loses shape as he attempts going over mid-on. Nah, he'll drag it tamely to that guy
36.3
Cottrell to Liton Das, 1 run, leg-lined, glanced away through square leg
36.2
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, a tad fuller, Liton presses close, covering the line in a push-out to cover
36.1
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, quicker one just outside off. Liton has a meek poke, and a miss
36.1
Cottrell to Liton Das, wide, keeps coming in with the angle to end up down leg
35.6
Thomas to Shakib, FOUR, oh there's more class to be dished out. He gets it in the slot and Shakib walks into it, punching a full-face on the up and then holding his pose with the epitome of elegance as the ball races away into long-on
35.6
Thomas to Shakib, wide, goes shorter with a slower one, head-lined, but not head-heighted. Well over in fact, tennis-ball-like
35.6
Thomas to Shakib, wide, 139kph, down leg, too short. A double-reasoned wide
35.5
Thomas to Shakib, 2 runs, swatted away behind square, and an absolutely wayward throw at the bowler's, only with the bowler walking back to his mark to leak another. Ah, the wheels are clearly off
35.4
Thomas to Shakib, 2 runs, absolute ugly heave. Climbs up on Shakib's flat-bat, takes the upper half of the miscue and .. as his luck has been, falls in no man's land down the ground, perfectly bisecting the two converging men
35.3
Thomas to Liton Das, 1 run, 136kph, pushes it through the line to mid-off's left, quick legs
35.2
Thomas to Liton Das, no run, 137kph, spits extra off a back of a length, going well over yet another but planned ramp over the cordon
35.1
Thomas to Liton Das, no run, 137kph, tailing into middle and leg. Das chips uppishly, but has it falling short of mid-on
34.6
Cottrell to Liton Das, 1 run, jumping beside to then steer it away to third man
34.5
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, 133kph, decent yorker. But Shakib will still manage to squeeze this into off just next to the pitch, squeezing in the single before Cottrell cleans up himself
34.4
Cottrell to Shakib, no run, a walking down punch, although very much off the inside half of his bat, only down the pitch
34.3
Cottrell to Liton Das, 1 run, 127kph, swinging in on middle. Knocked in front of mid-wicket, and it's Liton's turn to have half of what Shakib has -- a fifty
34.2
Cottrell to Liton Das, 2 runs, softly nudged away off the legs round the corner, and Bangladesh have their 250
34.1
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, keeps it wide outside off, making Das stretch as he tries reaching out. But no, can't connect
33.6
Thomas to Shakib, FOUR, Klusner's 1999 is Shakib's 2019 -- and there's barely a celebration. Okay this is too full, Shakib is laying into it, getting closer and then drilling it through the covers .. his ninth ton overall, his personal second in this tournament. He wanted his number three spot, he got his number three spot, and he's sealed his number three spot
33.5
Thomas to Liton Das, 1 run, 138kph, a touch too straight, glanced finer.
33.4
Thomas to Liton Das, no run, 140kph, length, middle-lined. Tucked away softly to leg
33.3
Thomas to Liton Das, FOUR, another streak into third man. Liton tries nudging it around, but in the process gets too early in closing out his bat face, and the leading-edge will lead one-bounced, once again very fine of third man
33.2
Thomas to Shakib, 1 run, 135kph, short, lots of width, slapped backward of point. It's been a staple shot this ..
33.1
Thomas to Shakib, no run, 136kph, short, climbing up quickly with at a neat height to fly past Shakib's pull
32.6
Cottrell to Liton Das, 2 runs, 125kph, late dab through the cordon, and it'll need Russell to limp a little more at third man to keep this to a couple
32.5
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, cutting in off the pitch to cramp out the room, tapped away to point
32.4
Cottrell to Liton Das, SIX, it's that usual copy-paste stuff -- short, wide and now Das' turn to throw his bat at it, jumping big time as he does in carving off the upper edge, almost straight over the keeper
32.3
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, angling in full on the legs, clipped out to mid-wicket
32.2
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, 130kph, pitched up on the stumps. Shakib checks his punch down the ground, which Gabriel then cuts off at mid-on with his dive
32.1
Cottrell to Liton Das, 1 run, 133kph, tries shaping it back into Liton's tummy off the pitch, which he lines up next to in a neat punch through the covers
31.6
Gayle to Liton Das, 1 run, a tad shorter, 91km/h, Liton Das rests on the backfoot and tucks it away to deep square leg for a single
31.5
Gayle to Liton Das, FOUR, full and just outside off, Liton Das reaches out and whip-drives it to the deep extra cover fence for four
31.4
Gayle to Shakib, Byes, 1 run, very quick one on a good length, 98km/h, turning away, Shakib misses with the drive into the off-side, misses and it goes past the 'keeper towards third man for a single
31.3
Gayle to Shakib, 2 runs, dropped short and flat, 91km/h, slapped off the backfoot towards deep extra cover for a couple - a dive by Lewis and he's saved a couple there
31.2
Gayle to Liton Das, 1 run, full, flat, 90km/h, so quite quick, punched away off the frontfoot towards long-on for a single
31.1
Gayle to Liton Das, FOUR, a bit of flight, 85km/h, on middle and on a length, Liton Das comes down the track and lofts it away towards cow corner - a couple of bounces for four
30.6
Holder to Shakib, no run, finally, a yorker! Dug out into the off-side.
30.5
Holder to Liton Das, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, a hop and a tap on the head to glide it down to third man for another single to give Shakib the strike. Sensible cricket.
30.4
Holder to Shakib, 1 run, shortish on off, a hop, an open stance, and a deft steer down to third man for a single
30.3
Holder to Shakib, 2 runs, good length delivery on the stumps, nudged away towards midwicket very softly, and they were looking for two as soon as he hit it
30.2
Holder to Liton Das, 1 run, shortish and wide outside off, clubbed over mid-on - who was inside the ring, not at the edge (informs an astutely observant Raju Peethala), and that just about goes over the man towards long-on for a single
30.1
Holder to Liton Das, no run, seaming in from a short of length, skids a little slow, Liton Das hops and jack-knifes, flicking across the line, and gets struck on the pads
29.6
Gayle to Liton Das, 1 run, slow through the air, but on the pads, turned away towards backward square leg for a single
29.5
Gayle to Shakib, 1 run, skids through on middle and leg, a firm push down towards long-on for a comfortable single
29.4
Gayle to Liton Das, 1 run, full and a bit of flight on offer, punched down to long-on for a single
29.4
Gayle to Liton Das, wide, 5 fired down leg, Hope misses out, and that's five wides. Poor cricket by the maroons
29.3
Gayle to Shakib, 1 run, full on middle and leg again, slows it down @82km/h, punched down to long-on for a single
29.2
Gayle to Shakib, no run, very full on off, 88km/h, drilled towards mid-off
29.1
Gayle to Liton Das, 1 run, 87km/h, flattish delivery on the pads, turned away towards square leg for a single
28.6
Holder to Liton Das, 1 run, good length delivery on off-stump, punched towards cover point for a single
28.5
Holder to Liton Das, no run, jumps from a short of length, Liton Das gets up tall, fends it away towards mid-off single-handedly
28.4
Holder to Shakib, 1 run, on the pads, nudged to square leg, single - and a throw at the striker's end. Is it out? A dive, but the ball has escaped the 'keeper's gloves when he breaks the stumps. The non-striker was in anyway. NOT OUT!
28.3
Holder to Shakib, FOUR, short ball, Shakib swivels with the pull, gets a massive top-edge, and away to the long stop boundary for a one-bounce four
28.2
Holder to Liton Das, 1 run, back of a length delivery marginally wide outside off, steered down to third man late for a single
28.1
Holder to Shakib, 1 run, shortish, punched off a hop to long-on for a single
27.6
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, short and wide, slapped away square of the wicket for a single
27.5
Gabriel to Shakib, FOUR, short ball on the body, doesn't play until very late, but absolutely nails the short-arm-jabbed pull to the cow corner fence for four
27.4
Gabriel to Shakib, FOUR, on the pads again, tickled down to the fine leg boundary for four more. He's milking them.
27.3
Gabriel to Shakib, no run, short and wide, carved away off the backfoot towards backward point
27.2
Gabriel to Shakib, no run, short ball on the head, Shakib isn't set up to pull, awkwardly ducks while swaying out of the way and dropping his wrists
27.1
Gabriel to Shakib, FOUR, back of a length delivery on off, Shakib is on his toes, up tall, and punches it to the long-on boundary for an on-driven four. One of the most difficult shots in the book...
26.6
Holder to Liton Das, no run, fuller length delivery on middle and leg, whipped towards mid-on
26.5
Holder to Shakib, 1 run, short one on off and middle, Shakib arches back slightly and steers it down towards third man for a single
26.4
Holder to Shakib, no run, back of a length delivery on the hip, tucked off the backfoot into the on-side
26.3
Holder to Shakib, FOUR, length delivery, and a dismissive cross-batted slap straight down the ground for four
26.2
Holder to Liton Das, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched from the crease towards mid-on for a single
26.1
Holder to Shakib, 1 run, short of length delivery, no width from round the wicket, tapped off the backfoot towards third man for a single
25.6
Gabriel to Liton Das, 2 runs, full and angling in on off-stump, Liton Das gets across and opens the face to surgically steer it towards extra cover for a couple. The throw at the non-striker's end has struck Shakib! He seems okay, though.
25.5
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, on the boots, clipped away to square leg for a single
25.4
Gabriel to Shakib, no run, short of length delivery on off-stump, punched off the backfoot towards Gabriel
25.3
Gabriel to Liton Das, 1 run, angling in, too straight again, clipped away towards deep square leg for a single
25.3
Gabriel to Liton Das, wide, short again, too short, sails over the 'keeper, and that's another wide
25.2
Gabriel to Liton Das, no run, short one again, rising towards the throat, on his toes and tapped on the head towards backward point
25.1
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, short on the body, pulled into the turf on the leg side, towards backward square leg for a single
24.6
A Russell to Liton Das, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, a lean forward and a punch to cover - can't find the gap
24.6
A Russell to Liton Das, wide, 5 short, seaming away, Liton Das tries to upper cut, but it sails over the blade, and over a leaping 'keeper for five wides. 5 runs sacrificed to prove that he is 'Right-arm Fast' - 141km/h only to bowl another one
24.5
A Russell to Shakib, 1 run, short and into the body, good pace, a blind swivel-pull in front of deep square leg for a single
24.4
A Russell to Shakib, no run, short and angling in, Shakib arches back and tries ramping it over the 'keeper, misses. Hope has to leap high to collect it.
24.3
A Russell to Liton Das, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, tries steering it behind point, chops it off the under-edge towards cover point for a quick single
24.2
A Russell to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched off the backfoot to mid-off for a single
24.1
A Russell to Liton Das, 1 run, full one on the pads, half-volley, like feeding a fat goat to a T-Rex, and flicked away towards backward square leg for a single
23.6
Gabriel to Shakib, no run, back of a length delivery on off, punched back to the bowler, who stops it with his right hand on his followthrough
23.5
Gabriel to Shakib, no run, too straight again, whipped away off the pads towards midwicket
23.4
Gabriel to Liton Das, 1 run, short one on the body, well-directed, Liton Das fends it with the bottom-hand off, into the off-side, and the fielder runs in to kick it towards the non-striker's end - misses. Even the man backing up fumbles. They look demoralized - the West Indies
23.3
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, on the pads once again, this is pathetic bowling, and that's clipped away towards backward square leg for another single. This match be slippin' away!
23.2
Gabriel to Liton Das, 1 run, good length delivery on middle, Liton Das gets across and flicks it down towards backward square leg for a single
23.1
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, yorker length delivery just outside off, dug out, just about, and they run across for a sharp single
22.6
A Russell to Liton Das, FOUR, short one on the body, they persist with the one-dimensional plot, pulled away to deep mid-wicket for four. Russell is down. (Super)man down
22.5
A Russell to Shakib, 1 run, NO WAY! He's top-edged a short one, miles in the air, and the 'keeper is running backwards, converging with Gabriel at fine leg, and it lands between them. Each of them thought that the other would take it. Poor stuff! A let-off for Shakib. The West Indies can't afford this.
22.4
A Russell to Liton Das, 1 run, on the groin area, tucked towards midwicket for a single
22.3
A Russell to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length delivery in the zone, a hop and an open-faced steer towards third man for a single
22.2
A Russell to Shakib, no run, on the hips, tucked in front of square leg off the backfoot
22.1
A Russell to Shakib, no run, sailing short one over Shakib, who ducks comfortably under it
21.6
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, very full, almost yorker length, dug out over the leaping bowler for a single to long-off
21.5
Cottrell to Liton Das, 1 run, on the hips, tucked down towards backward square leg for a single
21.4
Cottrell to Liton Das, no run, good length delivery on middle, Liton Das gets forward and defends down the wicket
21.3
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, drops short of Hetmyer! A short one, Shakib swivels into a pull, aerial for a whiiiile - and just short of Hetmyer running in, who runs back to save the boundary. Allows just a single in the end
21.2
Cottrell to Liton Das, 1 run, short of length delivery, a tap on the head and nothing more than a glide to slip - but it's that man, Gayle, who misfields it and allows one
21.1
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the boots, whipped away towards deep mid-wicket for a single
20.6
A Russell to Liton Das, no run, another back of a length delivery on middle, Liton Das tries to tucked it away off the backfoot, struck high on the pad, and that's deflected into the off-side
20.5
A Russell to Liton Das, no run, into the ribs, a skiddy short one, Liton Das is late on the pull, gets some bat'n'body on it as it drops short of the wicketkeeper
20.4
A Russell to Liton Das, no run, short of length and wide outside off, Liton Das is tempted into an ungainly poke - misses
20.3
A Russell to Shakib, 1 run, another back of a length delivery on the thigh from round the wicket, tucked away towards deep square leg for a single
20.2
A Russell to Liton Das, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, tapped away late towards square third man for a single
20.1
A Russell to Shakib, 1 run, rank bad delivery on the pads, nudged off the backfoot towards backward square leg for a single, and that's his 4th fifty-plus score in this World Cup! What a tournament he is having, Shakib!
19.6
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, on the pads, nudged away to mid-wicket for a quick single
19.5
Cottrell to Shakib, FOUR, a slower one, grips on the wicket, Shakib tries lofting through the line early, chips a mistimed shot straight down the ground for four. Trickles away, even as one hand comes off the bat
19.4
Cottrell to Shakib, no run, seaming away from the zone outside off, back of a length, caught on the backfoot, and beaten
19.3
Cottrell to Shakib, no run, shortish one outside off, punched off the backfoot to the bowler
19.2
Cottrell to Shakib, no run, yorker length delivery on middle and leg, another little dig out off the toe-end towards mid-on
19.1
Cottrell to Shakib, no run, good length delivery on middle and leg, on-driven towards mid-on
18.6
Thomas to Rahim, out Caught by Shai Hope! One of the most trustworthy batsmen going around is strangled down leg! A rank bad ball down leg, Rahim tries to tickle it away to the fine leg fence - and it's caught by Hope behind the stumps. Mushy looks up at the heavens, distraught! wkt (3-133) min (11m). Rahim c Shai Hope b Thomas 1(5)
18.5
Thomas to Shakib, 1 run, shortish one outside off, tapped away square of the wicket for a single off the backfoot
18.4
Thomas to Rahim, 1 run, low full-toss on off, tries an early whip, big leading edge in front of point for a single
18.3
Thomas to Shakib, 1 run, short and wide, a flying upper-cut towards third man for a single
18.2
Thomas to Shakib, FOUR, please don't make me type it again. Refer to 18.1. Short, wide, not a lot of bounce, cut away behind backward point - to its inevitable doom
18.2
Thomas to Shakib, wide, short and wide outside off, Shakib has a flash at it, only to miss. Very wide - and it's been called by the umpire
18.1
Thomas to Shakib, FOUR, short, not a lot of width, Shakib hops and manages to punch that behind point, with minimum leverage, for a boundary. Incredible shot. All class.
17.6
Cottrell to Rahim, no run, another good length delivery in the channel outside off, Rahim walks at it, tries driving to cover, gets a thick outside edge towards backward point
17.5
Cottrell to Rahim, no run, short of length delivery rising on off, a hop and a late fend towards gully
17.4
Cottrell to Rahim, no run, another full one, driven to mid-off
17.3
Cottrell to Tamim, out Tamim Run Out! Gee! A little less than a second, and it's produced one of the moments of the World Cup. The transfer of weight drive costs Tamim, as he balances himself - which gives Cottrell enough time to collect that ball and throw it at the stumps. The dive can't save Tamim and the West Indies have pulled off a heist, snatching this wicket out of nowhere! wkt (2-121) min (87m). Tamim run out (Cottrell) 48(53) [4s-6]
17.2
Cottrell to Shakib, 1 run, length delivery with a bit of width, Shakib stands tall and slaps it between cover point and point for a single to sweeper cover
17.1
Cottrell to Tamim, 1 run, low full-toss outside off, Shakib leans into a drive to cover, and Holder misfields it to concede a nonexistent single
16.6
Thomas to Shakib, no run, that was a good one! Effort ball as Thomas bent his back and Shakib ducked down to let it go
16.5
Thomas to Shakib, no run, short delivery outside off, Shakib hops up and slashes it to find the man at point
16.4
Thomas to Shakib, no run, punched on the up, finds the man at mid-off
16.4
Thomas to Shakib, wide, short again, wide again, this is getting monotonous. Wided
16.3
Thomas to Shakib, FOUR, short ball, Shakib climbs on top of the bounce and pulls it handsomely! The ball races away to deep mid for a four. This short stuff simply ain't working
16.2
Thomas to Shakib, no run, wide delivery, Shakib throws his bat at it and misses
16.1
Thomas to Shakib, 2 runs, length delivery outside off and was powered past cover for a brace
15.6
Gabriel to Tamim, no run, fuller delivery outside off and has been toe-ended into the covers
15.5
Gabriel to Tamim, no run, length delivery at the sticks and has been pushed out into the off-side
15.4
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, fuller delivery outside off and has been knocked away into the on-side for a single
15.3
Gabriel to Shakib, no run, fuller delivery outside off and Shakib wanted to power it away but inside edged it away into the on-side
15.2
Gabriel to Shakib, 2 runs, uses the pace of the bowler and guides it past the man at point. The man at deep third had a lot of work to do and he cut it off with a dive and slide
15.1
Gabriel to Tamim, 1 run, knocks that back of a length delivery into the on-side with soft hands and scampers through for a quick single
14.6
Thomas to Shakib, no run, short delivery at the body, Shakib is cramped on the pull and jabs the ball out to square leg
14.5
Thomas to Shakib, 2 runs, 6000 ODI runs for Shakib! What a player he has been! What a WC he is having! Chops the ball down past the keeper and got it fine enough for a brace
14.4
Thomas to Tamim, 1 run, hops up and taps the ball down for a single. A quick one
14.3
Thomas to Shakib, 1 run, angles the ball at the body of the batter and has been tucked out into the on-side for a single
14.2
Thomas to Shakib, no run, short again, wide again, Shakib throws his bat at it and misses
14.1
Thomas to Tamim, 1 run, Windies refusing to learn! Short, wide, slashed away to third man for a single
13.6
Gabriel to Tamim, 1 run, pushed back thanks to the length and the tuck finds the man at deep square leg for a single
13.5
Gabriel to Tamim, FOUR, short delivery outside off. Another gift of a delivery and put away. Tamim stands tall and smashes the ball on the up with a flat bat to get it between cover and mid-off
13.4
Gabriel to Tamim, no run, back of a length delivery and has been stabbed out to the man at point
13.3
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, wafts at a delivery outside off and the thick edge almost carries to the man at deep third man. One bounce and the fielder picks the ball up
13.2
Gabriel to Tamim, 1 run, short ball outside off, Tamim hops up and steers it out to deep third man for a single
13.1
Gabriel to Tamim, no run, short delivery and has been stabbed out to the man at mid-off
12.6
Thomas to Shakib, no run, sharp delivery! The batter misses the pull and it goes into the mitts of the keeper
12.5
Thomas to Shakib, no run, again, hops up and stamps the ball down into the deck
12.4
Thomas to Shakib, FOUR, shot! Good quality shot. Hops up, hits the ball on top of the bounce by rolling his wrists at the point of contact and more importantly getting it past point for a four
12.3
Thomas to Tamim, 1 run, throws his hands at a delivery well outside off and gets an outside edge to send it away to deep third man for a single. No one in the slips and that was a safe shot
12.3
Thomas to Tamim, wide, bangs the ball in but down leg and Tamim lets it go for it to be wided
12.2
Thomas to Tamim, no run, short of length delivery on to the hips and has been nudged out into the on-side
12.1
Thomas to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the pads and has been nudged out to fine leg for a single
11.6
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, controls the pull this time and rolls his wrists over the ball to send it down to fine leg for a single
11.5
Gabriel to Shakib, FOUR, top-edge! And it lands fine enough at fine leg for a four. Shakib tried to pull it and got it off the big fat top-edge for the ball to balloon up. The man at fine leg was square and had no chance to stop that
11.4
Gabriel to Tamim, 1 run, back of a length delivery on to the hips and it finds the man at deep square leg for a single
11.3
Gabriel to Tamim, no run, pokes the ball outside off and finds the man at point
11.2
Gabriel to Tamim, no run, back of a length delivery and nipped in to catch Tamim in some discomfort. That decked in and hit the inside half of the bat before dying down on the off-side
11.1
Gabriel to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length delivery and has been poked out into the off-side for a single. Quick one completed easily
11.1
Gabriel to Shakib, wide, spills the delivery down leg and Shakib misses the tuck. That has been wided
10.6
A Russell to Tamim, no run, looks to clobber the pull and toe-ends the ball away to mid-off. Tried to drag it across the line and messed it up as far as timing was concerned
10.5
A Russell to Tamim, FOUR, this is poor from Windies! Gifting away runs. Short ball, no one in front of square apart from mid-on, and that was pulled away to deep mid for a four
10.4
A Russell to Tamim, 2 runs, looks to pull and gets it over the man at mid-on. Just over. That was short, skidded on and Tamim managed to get it over the fielder at mid-on
10.3
A Russell to Tamim, FOUR, stands tall and smacks it! Length delivery outside off and Tamim creamed the ball on the up to get it away to deep cover for a four
10.2
A Russell to Tamim, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been pushed out into the off-side
10.1
A Russell to Shakib, 1 run, tucked away with soft hands into the on-side
9.6
Holder to Tamim, FOUR, short and on the body again, this ploy is failing - pulled in the air and down to the fine leg fence for a one-bounce four
9.5
Holder to Shakib, 1 run, shortish one on the body, he swivels on his heel and pulls it down to backward square leg for a single
9.4
Holder to Shakib, no run, short of length delivery on off, Shakib hops and taps it on the head to steer it into the off-side
9.3
Holder to Shakib, FOUR, length delivery angling outside off, Shakib comes down the track, makes room, and flat-bats it past the left of wide mid-off for four. Nobody moved.
9.2
Holder to Tamim, 1 run, fuller length delivery on middle, and that's a checked on-drive towards mid-on for a quick single
9.1
Holder to Tamim, FOUR, short, wide, slashed away, and that's a boundary in front of point. Cracking square drive off the backfoot!
8.6
A Russell to Shakib, no run, looks to pull and misses as the ball angled across
8.5
A Russell to Shakib, no run, pulled away to square leg and finds the man at square leg
8.4
A Russell to Tamim, 1 run, guided to third man for a single
8.3
A Russell to Shakib, 3 runs, on a length and has been driven down the ground past mid-off for a triple
8.2
A Russell to Soumya Sarkar, out Caught by Gayle!! And he falls by the sword now. That was short, devoid of room, Soumya Sarkar looks to steer and gets it off the top half of the bat to gift a catch to the man at slip. Gayle doesn't have to work too much to take that despite going down on his knees wkt (1-52) min (38m). Soumya Sarkar c Gayle b A Russell 29(23) [4s-2 6s-2]
8.1
A Russell to Soumya Sarkar, SIX, christmas gift packed by Russell and accepted with glee by Soumya Sarkar with a massive upper cut! Slammed over backward point for a sixer
7.6
Holder to Tamim, 2 runs, short delivery and has been pulled away to deep square for a double. The man at deep square put in the dive and stopped it
7.5
Holder to Tamim, 2 runs, back of a length delivery and has been punched on the up into the off-side. The man at cover made a half-stop and they get a double
7.4
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, opens the face of the blade and runs it down to third man for a single
7.3
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length delivery and has been poked out into the off-side
7.2
Holder to Tamim, 1 run, shortish delivery outside off and was steered past point for a single
7.1
Holder to Tamim, no run, back of a length delivery around the sticks and has been poked down into the deck. Tamim wanted a single but was sent back
6.6
A Russell to Soumya Sarkar, no run, creates a little room and cuts it away only for the man at point to stop it on the bounce
6.5
A Russell to Soumya Sarkar, no run, on a length outside off and has been guided to the man at gully
6.4
A Russell to Soumya Sarkar, no run, chops the ball down into the turf trying to cut it away. That was short and again wide
6.3
A Russell to Soumya Sarkar, no run, looks to use his bat like a periscope and misses. Arched his body backwards but that was too quick a delivery to implement that shot
6.2
A Russell to Tamim, 1 run, looks to punch it and gets it off the outer-half of the blade for the ball to fly away towards deep third man. One bounce and straight to the fielder
6.1
A Russell to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, stabs the ball out to deep third man for a single as that was bowled short again
5.6
Holder to Tamim, no run, moves across his sticks and looks to pull, misses the ball as it was banged in short again
5.6
Holder to Tamim, wide, slips the ball down leg and has been wided
5.5
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, stands up tall and steers the ball away. Gayle at short third man puts in a half-dive to stop it. They get a single
5.4
Holder to Tamim, 1 run, bangs the ball short, Tamim rolls his wrists over the ball and keeps it down to send it to deep square for a single
5.3
Holder to Tamim, no run, fuller and wider, Tamim stabs the ball out into the off-side off the toe-end of the bat
5.2
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, waits on that short ball and taps it out to third man for a single
5.1
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, no run, short of length delivery at the body and has been pushed out into the off-side
4.6
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, and manages to stick his left hand out and stops it. That was short, wide and pleading to be hit. Tamim jumped on that and powered it as well only for Pooran at cover to stop it with his left hand. Good stop. Ominous start for Bangladesh though
4.5
Cottrell to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, poor bowling..bowling all over the crease. Short ball followed by a delivery on the pads has been clipped to square leg
4.5
Cottrell to Soumya Sarkar, wide, 5 this is poor! 5 runs gifted away. Bangs the ball short, Soumya Sarkar ducks, the keeper jumps up and still fails to pouch it. 5 wides
4.4
Cottrell to Tamim, 1 run, on the pads, clipped away to deep square leg for a single
4.3
Cottrell to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, good stop! Soumya Sarkar steered it using the pace of the bowler but Hetmyer at deep third man dived to his left and stopped it
4.2
Cottrell to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, and some deft touch followed by power. Down on to the pads, nurdled away and it races away to the fine leg fence
4.1
Cottrell to Soumya Sarkar, SIX, short delivery, not short enough and allows Soumya Sarkar to get on top of the bounce and pull it over long-on for a sixer. Massive hit from the southpaw
3.6
Holder to Tamim, no run, fuller ball now and has been pushed back to the bowler with a straightish bat
3.5
Holder to Tamim, no run, some creeping movement on to the batter and has been pushed out into the off-side as he rode the bounce
3.4
Holder to Tamim, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been pushed out into the off-side
3.3
Holder to Tamim, no run, lot of angle and that was going down. The batter was cramped for room and ended up missing the clip. There was an animated appeal but was turned down. Easy call for the umpire
3.2
Holder to Tamim, no run, hops back and taps the ball down under his eyes
3.1
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, back of a length delivery and has been stabbed out to deep third man for a single
2.6
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, pushes the ball away past the bowler and there is some confusion. Some yes and no situation but they don't take a single
2.5
Cottrell to Tamim, 2 runs, he wants to take the challenge head on here! Short delivery and has been pulled away in front of square for a brace as the man at deep square cut it off
2.4
Cottrell to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, fuller delivery and no swing on this. Inside edge into the on-side gets Soumya Sarkar a single. Wanted to clip it away but ended up inside edging it
2.3
Cottrell to Soumya Sarkar, no run, the outer edge is safe! Curls the ball away and it nipped away enough to beat the dangling bat
2.2
Cottrell to Tamim, 1 run, and this time the outer toe-end of the bat as he again tried to close the face of the bat. Fuller ball, tinge of swing and Tamim closed the face of the bat a bit too early. Need of the hour -- play with a straight bat
2.1
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, and the away going shape forces the batter to square up a bit and push the ball back to the bowler. He wanted to clip it away before patting it back
1.6
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, takes the aerial route and does so in style. Highish elbow into the loft over the infield and it had enough to take it away into the fence
1.5
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, no run, guides it away outside off and finds the man at gully
1.4
Holder to Tamim, 1 run, stabs the ball away to third man
1.3
Holder to Tamim, no run, what a ball! That swung in sharply! Hits the pad but that was going over. The keeper does exceedingly well to dive to his left and pouch that. There was an appeal made by the bowler but died down quickly. Height would have been a factor and hawkeye confirms
1.2
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, upper slice or upper cut, define it as you may like but the ball lands short of the man at deep third man for a single. Was banged in outside off
1.1
Holder to Soumya Sarkar, no run, short delivery creeping up, Soumya Sarkar looks to slash and misses
0.6
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, another short of length delivery outside off and has been tapped down into the off-side
0.5
Cottrell to Tamim, FOUR, stand and spank! Short delivery, Tamim rises with it and gets his weight forward into the shot to power it past the covers for a four
0.4
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, bangs the ball short and Tamim sits under the delivery to let it go
0.3
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, length delivery outside off and has been shouldered arms to by the batter
0.2
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, quick and short, Tamim hops up on to his toes and pushes the ball down into the off-side
0.2
Cottrell to Tamim, wide, too short, too much over the batter and has been wided
0.1
Cottrell to Tamim, no run, short delivery outside off, slanting away, left alone
Commentary
Mashrafe Mortaza (c),Rahim,Shakib,Tamim, Mahmudullah,Soumya Sarkar,Liton Das, Mosaddek Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Mehidy Hasan, Mohammad Saifuddin
Gayle,Darren Bravo,A Russell, Shannon Gabriel,Holder,Lewis, Sheldon Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
