34.5
Mujeeb to Maxwell, FOUR, well, no prizes for guessing, in case you were planning to. Maxwell seals a dominating win for Australia! Floated up in the slot and he unleashes the long levers to club this over the infield at extra cover. Speeds away to the fence
34.4
Mujeeb to Smith, out Caught by Hazratullah Zazai!! A bit of an anti-climax. A wicket just before the home run. There was extra bounce on this one and that surprised Smith who was looking to cash in on the width. Ends up slicing it to short third man. Zazai, surprisingly, holds onto it. Considering the kind of day he has had in the field, it's a surprise for sure wkt (3-205) min (36m). Smith c Hazratullah Zazai b Mujeeb 18(27) [4s-1]
34.3
Mujeeb to Smith, no run, flighted up and Smith drives but picks out the cover fielder
34.2
Mujeeb to Warner, 1 run, flatter and follows Warner who was backing away, driven down the ground to long-on
34.1
Mujeeb to Warner, no run, fuller and outside off, blocked off the front foot down the track
33.6
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, sliding in on the pads, Warner works it to mid-wicket where Zazai continues to have a horror day. Another fumble
33.5
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, flatter and on off, Warner hangs back and tucks it to mid-wicket
33.4
Rashid Khan to Smith, 1 run, floated up and wider outside off, driven down the ground to long-off
33.3
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, slightly short and outside off, crunched off the back foot to sweeper cover
33.2
Rashid Khan to Warner, 2 runs, fuller on the pads, flicked away on the leg-side for a couple more
33.1
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, fuller and outside off, blocked off the front foot to short cover
32.6
Mujeeb to Warner, 1 run, fuller and outside off, driven down the ground to long-off
32.5
Mujeeb to Smith, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, tucked away behind square leg for a single
32.4
Mujeeb to Smith, 2 runs, quicker and flatter on leg stump, worked away through mid-wicket for a brace
32.3
Mujeeb to Warner, 1 run, quicker ball on the pads, worked away behind square leg for a single
32.2
Mujeeb to Warner, 2 runs, fuller and flatter on the pads, worked away through mid-wicket
32.1
Mujeeb to Smith, 1 run, floated up outside off, punched off the back foot to long-off
31.6
Dawlat Zadran to Smith, 1 run, shuffles a bit early and swivels to control the pull through backward square leg
31.5
Dawlat Zadran to Smith, no run, sharp bumper and Smith ducks under it quickly
31.4
Dawlat Zadran to Smith, no run, fuller and angling in on middle, Smith works it softly to mid-wicket
31.3
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, 1 run, angling in from around off, Warner patted it softly towards cover
31.2
Dawlat Zadran to Smith, 1 run, fractionally short and Smith pulls it away to deep square leg
31.1
Dawlat Zadran to Smith, no run, angling in from outside off, Smith shuffles a tad and works it to short mid-wicket
30.6
Mujeeb to Smith, 1 run, flatter and on leg stump, worked behind square leg for a single
30.5
Mujeeb to Smith, no run, fuller and outside off, driven off the front foot towards cover
30.4
Mujeeb to Smith, FOUR, cheeky from Smith! This was the front-of-the-hand flicker from Mujeeb and Smith delayed opening the bat face. Slices it well wide of Shahzad to the third man fence
30.3
Mujeeb to Warner, 1 run, slower and fuller outside off, driven down the ground to long-off
30.2
Mujeeb to Warner, no run, flatter and fuller outside off, blocked off the front foot to cover
30.1
Mujeeb to Warner, 2 runs, more slack on the field. Wayward throw at the keeper's end and it also beats short third man who eventually chases it down. Allows the second run as well. Warner had worked this to mid-wicket for a quick single and gets a bonus run
29.6
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, 1 run, sharp single! This climbed a bit from a short length and Warner rode the bounce with a tap in front of point
29.5
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, angling into Warner who tucks it towards the mid-wicket fielder
29.4
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, FOUR, smashed straight past the bowler! Overpitched and Warner just checks the drive aerially. Stood still and just picked his spot. Mid-off was wider and this sped away to the fence in no time
29.3
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, 2 runs, this is an easier brace. Width on offer and Warner leans into the push-drive through the covers. Well to the left of sweeper
29.2
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, shortish and outside off, Warner hangs back and dabs it to point
29.1
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, 2 runs, run out chance missed! What was Dawlat doing? Should have been upto the stumps at the bowler's end but instead, is far away and the direct hit misses. Smith would have been well short. This was worked behind square on the leg-side and the second run was always going to be risky. Warner probably took the sloppy Afghanistan fielding for granted and well, he was right
28.6
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, drops it short and Warner sits back to spank it to sweeper cover
28.5
Rashid Khan to Smith, 1 run, straighter lines and Smith tucks it through mid-wicket for a single
28.4
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, slower and wider outside off, steered from the crease towards short third man
28.3
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, that was comical! Was quite full and bunted back at Rashid who stopped it with his foot and the deflection nearly took out Smith who was diving back to the crease. Injury wouldn't have been funny at all
28.2
Rashid Khan to Smith, 1 run, floated up fuller and Smith drives sweetly towards wide long-off
28.1
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, slightly short and cut away behind point for an easy single
27.6
Hamid to Smith, no run, fuller and around off, Smith blocks it back to the bowler
27.5
Hamid to Smith, no run, ona good length and around off, Smith pushes it to backward point
27.4
Hamid to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, another lbw shout! Hamid looked confident but that surely pitched outside leg and umpire was unmoved
27.3
Hamid to Smith, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Smith gets behind that delivery and punches it to sweeper cover
27.2
Hamid to Smith, no run, fuller and wide of off, Smith comes on the front foot and drives it to cover
27.1
Hamid to Smith, no run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Smith gets behind it and defends it back
26.6
Rashid Khan to Smith, 1 run, clips it to short fine and they will take a single
26.5
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, it came back in off the deck, Warner went for the reverse, hits his glove and then it clips his pads. Rashid Khan convinced his skipper to take the review but he was proved wrong within a minute
26.4
Rashid Khan to Smith, 1 run, short and wide of off, Smith cuts it to sweeper cover
26.3
Rashid Khan to Smith, no run, wrong 'un around off, Smith comes on the front foot and defends it
26.2
Rashid Khan to Smith, no run, plunges forward and blocks it back
26.1
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, nails the cut shot, cover fielder dives and cuts down the pace. It deflects off his hands and they will take a single
25.6
Hamid to Smith, no run, very full and on the stumps, Smith blocks it back
25.5
Hamid to Warner, 1 run, room provided on this delivery and Warner wanted to steer it to third man
25.4
Hamid to Warner, no run, fuller and targeting the stumps, Warner blocks it back
25.3
Hamid to Warner, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Warner clips it to mid-wicket
25.2
Hamid to Smith, 1 run, short and just wide of off, Smith stands tall and punches it to sweeper cover for a single
25.2
Hamid to Smith, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
25.1
Hamid to Warner, 1 run, good length delivery on the stumps, Warner punches it wide of cover for a single
24.6
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, out Lbw!! Khawaja goes up to his partner and then decides to walk. First wicket for Rashid in World-Cup cricket. It was bowled quick and it held its line. Khawaja played for the turn, it beats his inside edge and raps him on the pads. It looked adjacent and umpire raises his finger wkt (2-156) min (32m). Khawaja lbw b Rashid Khan 15(20) [4s-1]
24.5
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, no run, takes out the reverse sweep, his it straight to backward point
24.4
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Warner drives it to sweeper cover
24.3
Rashid Khan to Warner, FOUR, it was short and was down the leg-side, Warner rocks back quickly and pulls it wide of fine leg for a boundary
24.2
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, quicker delivery on the stumps, Warner was late onto it. He gets his bat down, just in time and guides it to backward point
24.1
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, 1 run, goes on the back foot, opens the face of the bat and steers it to deep backward point
23.6
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, another defensive shot back. Australians are taking it easy
23.5
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, goes back and pushes it to cover
23.4
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, gentle push back to the bowler
23.3
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, pushes it to cover
23.2
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, 1 run, on the pads and tucks it to deep mid-wicket
23.1
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, 1 run, goes on the back foot and pushes it down the ground
22.6
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, no run, works it to square leg
22.5
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, no run, goes right back in the crease and pushes it to cover
22.4
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, no run, defends it back
22.3
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, knocks it down to long-on
22.2
Rashid Khan to Warner, FOUR, fifty for Warner in his comeback match to international cricket. The last few months have been really tough for the southpaw, he has battled hard and he has come back as a stronger individual. Gets some boos from the ground
22.1
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Khawaja clips it to deep square leg
21.6
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, 1 run, goes back and to sweeper cover,
21.5
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, no run, defends it back to the bowler
21.4
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, FOUR, it was down the leg-side and Khawaja takes full use of it, he goes on the back foot and pulls it wide of fine leg for a boundary
21.3
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, 1 run, nudges it to mid-wicket and takes a single
21.2
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, blocks it to the off-side
21.1
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, 1 run, plunges forward and drives it to sweeper cover
21.1
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, wide, 5 down the leg-side, Shahazad misses and it results in five wides again. Shahazad has had a day to forget behind the stumps
20.6
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, 2 runs, Warner is disappointed with himself, he reckons, he should have dispatched this out of the ground. But this slower came too slowly to Warner's liking and he was early on the slog. It ends up just beyond mid-on and they will take a brace
20.6
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, wide, attempted yorker, gets the line horribly wrong. It ends up being a wide
20.6
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no ball, Gulbadin Naib oversteps! Free-hit coming up. It was full and was on the stumps, Warner pushes it to cover
20.5
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, 2 runs, fuller and wide of off, Warner comes on the front foot and drives it wide of cover for a brace. He is one shot away from his fifty
20.4
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, FOUR, top-shot! It was short and was around off, Warner generate his own room, gets in a good position and cuts it wide of backward point for a boundary
20.3
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, slower one on the stumps, Warner defends it back
20.2
Gulbadin Naib to Khawaja, 1 run, it was angling back into Khawaja and he whips it wide of mid-on for a single
20.1
Gulbadin Naib to Khawaja, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Khawaja clips it wide of mid-wicket for a brace
19.6
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Warner tucks it to mid-wicket
19.5
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, pushes it back
19.4
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, 1 run, knocks it down to long-off
19.4
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, wide, 5  Shahazad hasn't had the best of days. It was way wide of off, Shahazad was slow to move to his right and he failed to grab it. It beats him for a boundary
19.3
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, 1 run, slower and down the leg-side, Warner nudges it to the on-side and collects a single
19.2
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, 1 run, goes back, makes room and carves it to sweeper cover
19.1
Mohammad Nabi to Khawaja, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Khawaja blocks it back
18.6
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Warner pushes it to the off-side
18.5
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, FOUR, not the fielding effort Zazai would have been proud of. It was short and was on the stumps, Warner pulls and pulls well. Zazai at fine leg, dives ungainly and it went through him for a boundary
18.4
Gulbadin Naib to Khawaja, 1 run, lot fuller and angling back into Khawaja, he had room and he opened the face of the bat to steer it to third man
18.3
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, 1 run, short and well wide of off, Warner throws his hands at it and cuts it to sweeper cover
18.2
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, on a good length and angling back into Warner, no room for him to free his arms and he ends up pushing it to cover
18.1
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Warner plunges forward and pushes it to the off-side
17.6
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, no run, shortens his length and pushes Khawaja back, who keeps it out from his crease
17.5
Rashid Khan to Khawaja, no run, tossed up by Rashid, Khawaja comes on the front foot and quells it to extra cover
17.4
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, worked off the pads behind square
17.3
Rashid Khan to Warner, FOUR, very deft from Warner. Expected Rashid to bowl quick, so he went deep and used the pace to glide it past short third man. Zazai could only escort the ball to the fence
17.2
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, quicker outside off, Warner breaks free and punches it to extra cover
17.1
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, flighted on off, Warner prods forward and blunts it out
16.6
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, 1 run, drifting on leg, flicked away to deep square leg
16.5
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, shortish from Gulbadin Naib, Warner hangs back and softens his grip to dead-bat it
16.4
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, steered to point
16.3
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, pitched up just outside off, Warner checks his defence to extra cover
16.3
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, wide, pacy full delivery down leg, Gulbadin Naib's got to rebowl that
16.2
Gulbadin Naib to Finch, out Caught by Mujeeb!! Gulbadin Naib gets the better of his counterpart but Finch's done his job. Although he looks disappointed as he makes his way back to the hut. Afghanistan fans can rejoice now but can their team make further inroads? We'll see. It was the cutter from Gulbadin Naib on a fuller length outside off, Finch went too hard at it but unfortunately the bat face turned in his hands which resulted in him skying it up towards cover. Mujeeb charges in from the deep and cups in neatly wkt (1-96) min (63m). Finch c Mujeeb b Gulbadin Naib 66(49) [4s-6 6s-4]
16.1
Gulbadin Naib to Finch, 2 runs, fuller outside off, Finch flails his hands and creams it to the right of sweeper cover. Two more..
15.6
Rashid Khan to Finch, 1 run, quicker on middle, stabbed past the bowler and rolls to long-on
15.5
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, flatter outside off, punched to sweeper cover
15.4
Rashid Khan to Warner, 2 runs, crunched towards sweeper cover and Warner races back for the second
15.3
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, wry smile on Rashid's face after foxing Warner with this googly. Both were playing for the same franchise in the IPL and they know each other pretty well. You can see it in Rashid's eyes that he's desperate to see the back of Warner. It zipped through quicker outside off and Warner backed away to cut and misses
15.2
Rashid Khan to Finch, 1 run, 90kph, wrong 'un from Rashid. Finch pulls it to deep square leg
15.1
Rashid Khan to Finch, 2 runs, too much width from Rashid, Finch cashes in by cutting it behind point. Comfortable two
14.6
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, 1 run, fired in, picked away to long-on
14.5
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, 1 run, arrowed at the stumps, clipped away to long-on
14.4
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, tossed up outside off, half-hearted push to extra cover
14.3
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, arm-ball on off, Warner gets forward and smothers it
14.2
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, 1 run, quicker outside off, defended to extra cover
14.1
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, 1 run, flighted outside off, driven to sweeper cover
13.6
Rashid Khan to Warner, 1 run, straighter on middle, poked to the left of extra cover
13.5
Rashid Khan to Warner, no run, quicker leggie, Warner stands tall and blunts it
13.4
Rashid Khan to Warner, 2 runs, smeared away through point and collects a brace
13.3
Rashid Khan to Finch, 1 run, googly from Rashid, cramps the batsman for room. Finch gets an inside edge behind square on the leg-side
13.2
Rashid Khan to Finch, SIX, wow! He's launched it a long way over deep mid-wicket. Picked the half-tracker, rocked back and took full toll of it
13.1
Rashid Khan to Finch, FOUR, fifty for Finch. Reaches the milestone in a fine fashion. Gets the room for cut and he goes deep in his crease to place it past point. The bat goes up in the air and a round of applause follow from the Aussie fans.. it's always nice when your captain is leading from the front
12.6
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, 1 run, slower and turning in, whipped away to deep mid-wicket
12.5
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, 1 run, on the pads, flicked through square leg
12.4
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, blocked to extra cover
12.3
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, armer, skidding on and Warner is beaten for pace. Wears it on the thigh pad
12.2
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, no run, flatter outside off, Warner went for the cut and gets too close for comfort. Hence, chops an inside edge back near the stumps. But seems like he was unaware for a moment where the ball went. So, he left his crease looking for a single and then realizes that it's in front of Shahzad - who waited and collected the ball to remove the bails. But Warner was alert enough to slid his back safely
12.1
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, 1 run, darter outside off, flayed through to sweeper cover
11.6
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, throat-clearing shout of "No" from Warner after tickling it to mid-wicket
11.5
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, back of a length outside off, Warner rises back and tucks it to mid-on
11.4
Gulbadin Naib to Finch, 1 run, stroked away to sweeper cover
11.3
Gulbadin Naib to Finch, SIX, you can't keep taking the pace off the ball and expect the batsman not to go after it. Finch jumps back on seeing this slower short ball and larrups the leather off it to send it over cow corner
11.2
Gulbadin Naib to Finch, no run, Gulbadin Naib continues with his slower balls. This was on off-stump, Finch knocks it to mid-on
11.1
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, 1 run, leg-cutter just outside off, Warner flows into a drive to sweeper cover
10.6
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, no run, flat and keeps low, Finch makes room and punches it to extra cover
10.5
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, no run, half-checks his push to mid-off
10.4
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, no run, slanted in, smothered off the front foot
10.3
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, no run, quicker around off, Finch props forward and taps it to point
10.2
Mohammad Nabi to Finch, 2 runs, touch play from Finch. Waits on for the ball to do its bit and belatedly opens the bat face to dink it past short third man. Not enough legs to reach the fence but they will take two
10.1
Mohammad Nabi to Warner, 1 run, round-armish dart from round the wicket, patted to cover
9.6
Gulbadin Naib to Finch, no run, tight over from Gulbadin Naib. Pounds on a length just outside off and Finch remains stubborn in his crease, forces it to mid-off
9.5
Gulbadin Naib to Finch, no run, "Wait on, wait on" shouts Finch upon checking his punch along the ground to mid-off
9.4
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, 1 run, 123kph, cutting back into the left-hander and Warner works it round his pads to mid-wicket
9.3
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, much fuller and gets some extra fizz after pitching which duped Warner as he stabs it high on the bat
9.2
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, similar delivery, no pace to work with and Warner pushes it to cover
9.1
Gulbadin Naib to Warner, no run, Gulbadin Naib begins with his trademark cutter, Warner who's been very cautious today defends it under his eyes
8.6
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, FOUR, 137ks - just the pace Finch was looking for, what's more? He gets plenty of width outside off and it's been clobbered away past the diving fielder at extra cover
8.5
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, no run, slower ball on off-stump, defended from the crease
8.4
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, no run, good length on off, punched down to mid-off
8.3
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, SIX, dug in short but no real challenge sans pace. Finch lines up for the pull and smacks it into the stands over mid-wicket, clean as a whistle!
8.2
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, no run, nails the straight drive, but the fielder at mid-on covers good ground to his left and keeps it to a dot
8.1
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, no run, full and drifting down the leg-side, Finch jumps inside the crease looking to flick through square leg, no dice
7.6
Hamid to Warner, no run, 138ks good length on off-stump, Warner bunts with soft hands into the off-side
7.5
Hamid to Warner, no run, fuller and wider of off, Warner opens the face and sends the drive to the left of backward point
7.4
Hamid to Warner, no run, full toss outside off, Warner splices the drive straight to mid-off
7.3
Hamid to Warner, no run, 141ks pitches on middle stump and flirts past the top of off after Warner decided to leave it alone. Too close for comfort, but guess that's a good leave from Warner
7.2
Hamid to Warner, no run, 141ks full at the stumps, Warner prods forward in defence
7.1
Hamid to Warner, no run, 140ks good length outside off, Warner goes hard on the cut and ends up stabbing it into the off-side
6.6
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, no run, 136ks full on off-stump, Finch blocks it back to the bowler with a straight bat
6.5
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, 2 runs, clipped away off the pads and Rashid Khan, from square leg, does well to chase and restrict it to two
6.5
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, wide, too short and too high outside off, Finch doesn't bother
6.4
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, 1 run, 137ks dug in short at the batsman, Warner's late on the pull and hence, sends the toe-edge rolling wide of the slip
6.3
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, angling away in the channel at 138ks
6.2
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, 135ks fuller and wider of off, Warner happy to check his drive in front of cover
6.1
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, 135ks very full on off, Warner jams the drive into the off-side
5.6
Hamid to Finch, no run, goes on the back foot and blocks this length delivery with a straight bat
5.5
Hamid to Finch, no run, looks to swat this pacy length delivery over mid-wicket but the ball rushes onto him and hits him on the side of the hip. A loud grunting yelp from Finch. Ah, that must have hurt
5.4
Hamid to Finch, no run, the bowler and keeper go up in appeal but nothing from umpire Richard Illingworth. They don't go for the review either. Fair call. Inswinger on a good length and Finch plays outside the line of it, looks to punch and the ball flicks the thigh pad en route the keeper
5.3
Hamid to Warner, 1 run, very full outside off, Warner squeezes it off the toe-end straight of mid-off and they pinch a quick single
5.2
Hamid to Warner, no run, on a length and just outside off, nothing doing from Warner
5.1
Hamid to Warner, FOUR, edged and wide of slip. 135ks swinging away in the channel, Warner gets a thick outside edge on the push and it flies away past the diving first slip to his left
4.6
Dawlat Zadran to Finch, no run, nails the punch off the back foot but he can't get it past the fielder at cover
4.5
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, 1 run, short of length on middle and leg, Warner gets across and flicks wide of square leg
4.4
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, good length delivery just outside off, Warner hangs back and guides it off the bat face to the right of backward point
4.3
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, full and swinging away outside off, Warner shoulders arms
4.2
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no run, good length outside off, Warner lets it go
4.1
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, FOUR, swatted away and that'll be Warner's first international boundary in 15 months. Clears his front leg, sees the short of length delivery like a hawk and flat-bat smacks it past the non-striker
4.1
Dawlat Zadran to Warner, no ball, oversteps first ball and that's a cardinal sin especially if you are bowling against Warner. Length delivery outside off, left alone to the keeper
3.6
Hamid to Finch, FOUR, 139ks length ball wide of off, Finch throws the kitchen sink and the edge flies away wide of first slip. Lucky runs for Finch but he won't complain
3.5
Hamid to Finch, no run, 142ks nip-backer on the stumps, Finch stays back and defends solidly
3.4
Hamid to Finch, no run, 142ks inswinger on middle and leg, Finch was late in bringing his bat down and therfore, gets rapped high on the back pad. Sliding down comfortably
3.3
Hamid to Finch, no run, seeks to punch on the up, but this 144ks back of a length delivery holds its line and beats the outside edge
3.2
Hamid to Finch, no run, yorker aimed at the base of off, Finch squeezes it back to the bowler
3.1
Hamid to Warner, 1 run, 140ks pitched up outside off, Warner drives straight to mid-off who misfields and allows the duo to pinch the single
2.6
Mujeeb to Finch, FOUR, on the pads and that's easy pickings for Aaron Finch, picks the ball off leg-stump and glances it fine past the keeper
2.5
Mujeeb to Warner, 3 runs, stays on the back foot and crisply punches the slider past the fielder at cover, slow outfield means Warner will have to wait for his first boundary
2.4
Mujeeb to Finch, 1 run, full on the stumps, Finch drives off the inside half towards square leg
2.3
Mujeeb to Finch, no run, flat outside off, Finch cuts and can't beat backward point
2.2
Mujeeb to Finch, SIX, Mujeeb is feeding it to Finch's strengths, full and in the swinging zone, Finch dispatches it with disdain over wide long-on
2.1
Mujeeb to Finch, no run, 97ks flatter outside off, Finch goes back and punches to backward point
1.6
Hamid to Warner, no run, 137ks short of length outside off, punched straight to backward point
1.5
Hamid to Warner, no run, 135ks back of a length outside off, Warner hops and taps straight to backward point
1.4
Hamid to Warner, no run, sticks to the testing channels outside off, Warner lets it go
1.3
Hamid to Warner, no run, full outside off, Warner drives and finds cover
1.2
Hamid to Warner, no run, swinging away in the channel, Warner stays calm and lets it go
1.1
Hamid to Warner, no run, hits the seam and darts away from good length, opens Warner up on the outside edge and beats him all ends up
0.6
Mujeeb to Finch, no run, slower and fuller , Finch drives and finds mid-off
0.5
Mujeeb to Finch, no run, quicker on off, Finch blocks from the crease
0.4
Mujeeb to Finch, FOUR, one bounce and over the ropes! Tosses it up full and keeps it wide of off, Finch gets underneath and pumps it over the fielder at extra cover
0.3
Mujeeb to Finch, FOUR, too full and Finch won't miss out on that, slams the drive through extra cover and poses for the cameras
0.2
Mujeeb to Warner, 1 run, full on the pads, Warner tucks into the leg-side and nabs a quick single
0.1
Mujeeb to Finch, 1 run, slider first up, Finch prods across and clips it through square leg for a single
Commentary
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell, Mitchell Starc, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa, Marcus Stoinis, Alex Carey (wk)
Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Mohammad Shahzad,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
