49.6
Brathwaite to Neesham, out Caught by Cottrell!! Back-to-back catches for Cottrell and West Indies end on a high - New Zealand finish with 291 on the board, on a good length and well wide of off, Neesham had to reach out on the drive and mistimed it horribly - a simple straightforward catch at mid-off wkt (8-291) min (43m). Neesham c Cottrell b Brathwaite 28(23) [4s-1 6s-1]
49.5
Brathwaite to Santner, out Caught by Cottrell!! Cottrell is everywhere in the field - gets underneath a skier and holds on to a reverse cupped catch, cleave change of pace from Brathwaite, slower ball outside off, rolled his fingers across the seam, Santner had to reach out for the drive, toe-ended it high and towards mid-off, where Cottrell was the man under it wkt (7-291) min (8m). Santner c Cottrell b Brathwaite 10(5) [6s-1]
49.4
Brathwaite to Santner, SIX, nicely done, low full-toss from Brathwaite, Santner leans under it and then shovels it over square leg, has enough for the ball to sail right over Hetmyer in the deep
49.3
Brathwaite to Santner, 2 runs, the slower ball now, Santner reaches out and shoves it wide of square leg - Nurse gets across in the deep, puts in the slide and saves a couple of runs
49.2
Brathwaite to Neesham, 1 run, yorker length delivery and well wide of off, Neesham reaches out and toe-ends it to mid-off
49.1
Brathwaite to Santner, 1 run, good start from Brathwaite, very full and at the stumps, driven down towards long-on for a single
48.6
Cottrell to Neesham, FOUR, clubbed, too short from Cottrell, Neesham reaches out on the pull and muscles it wide of long-on, no need to run for those
48.5
Cottrell to Neesham, 2 runs, full-toss from Cottrell, Neesham makes room and heaves it wide of deep mid-wicket for a couple of runs
48.4
Cottrell to Santner, 1 run, on a good length and following Santner as he backed away, nudged down towards long-on for a single
48.4
Cottrell to Santner, wide, short and angling down the leg-side, Santner got inside the line as he looked to help it on its way and missed - Cottrell isn't a happy man as it's called as a wide, wasn't too far down leg, to be honest
48.3
Cottrell to Neesham, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, dabbed behind square on the off-side for a couple of runs
48.2
Cottrell to Neesham, 2 runs, the slower bouncer from Cottrell, Neesham gets on top of the bounce and pulls it wide of long-on for a couple of runs
48.1
Cottrell to Neesham, out Colinde Grandhommehomme Run Out!! Lovely cricket from Cottrell and he's having a great day with the ball. He spotted Neesham backing away and fired one on the pads, Neesham couldn't connect with his flick and the ball rolled back into the path of Cottrell - on his followthrough. He grabs the ball, turns around and throws down the stumps - Colinde Grandhommehomme was backing up a long way and is nowhere in the frame wkt (6-270) min (11m). Colinde Grandhommehomme run out (Cottrell) 16(6) [4s-1 6s-1]
47.6
Brathwaite to Colinde Grandhommehomme, SIX, clubbed, a valiant effort from Hetmyer in the deep, but he only ended up palming it over the ropes. A length ball outside off, Colinde Grandhommehomme got a big stride forward and drilled it over cover - Hetmyer took a step or two forward before having to go back, leapt and palmed it over the ropes
47.5
Brathwaite to Neesham, 1 run, slower short ball outside off, pulled away to deep mid-wicket for a single
47.4
Brathwaite to Colinde Grandhommehomme, 1 run, yorker length delivery outside off, Colinde Grandhommehomme squeezes it square past point for a single
47.3
Brathwaite to Colinde Grandhommehomme, 2 runs, slower ball from Brathwaite, but it's too short and well wide of off, eased square on the off-side for a couple of runs
47.2
Brathwaite to Colinde Grandhommehomme, FOUR, cheeky and four, this is poor bowling from Brathwaite, with third man inside the ring, he can't afford to provide so much of width, Colinde Grandhommehomme waits on it, opens the face of the bat and steers it over that fielder
47.2
Brathwaite to Colinde Grandhommehomme, wide, Brathwaite goes wide of off, ended up spraying it well outside the tramlines, called as a wide
47.1
Brathwaite to Colinde Grandhommehomme, 2 runs, length ball outside off, Colinde Grandhommehomme gets a big stride forward and clubs it wide of long-off, comes back for the second run
46.6
Cottrell to Neesham, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Neesham was looking to run it down towards third man and is beaten
46.5
Cottrell to Colinde Grandhommehomme, 1 run, on a good length and well outside off, Colinde Grandhommehomme runs it down towards third man for a single
46.4
Cottrell to Neesham, 1 run, short and well outside off, Neesham stands tall and crunches the pull to deep mid-wicket
46.3
Cottrell to Williamson, out Caught by Shai Hope!! The marching orders from Cottrell and KW falls after a masterclass. On a good length and slanting across the right-hander, KW went across his stumps as he looked to heave it over mid-wicket, gets a fat top-edge that swirled around in the air for a long time. Hope called for it with his big gloves, kept his eyes on the ball and held on. KW has been finally dismissed, for the first time since his dismissal in the game against Bangladesh wkt (5-251) min (212m). Williamson c Shai Hope b Cottrell 148(154) [4s-14 6s-1]
46.2
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, length delivery that was slanting across the right-hander, KW moved a long way across as he heaved and missed - perhaps, one of his rare bad shots today
46.1
Cottrell to Neesham, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, Neesham leans forward and chips it down towards long-on for a single
45.6
Brathwaite to Neesham, 1 run, slower short ball from Brathwaite, Neesham waits on it and then pulls it down to long leg
45.5
Brathwaite to Neesham, 2 runs, full and wide of off, Neesham bends down on one knee and crashes it wide of cover, comes back for the second run
45.4
Brathwaite to Neesham, SIX, excellent effort from Hetmyer, but I think his feet was touching the ropes before he could release the ball. Yes, he was right on the ropes with the ball in his hands, it's a six. Brillantly played by Neesham, length ball on the pads and he brought his wrists into play, played the pick-up shot and it was sailing all the way. Hetmyer did all he could, got across from deep mid-wicket, took the catch, but couldn't contain his momentum
45.3
Brathwaite to Williamson, 1 run, the slower ball from Brathwaite, no pace to work with as KW drives it to deep cover
45.2
Brathwaite to Williamson, no run, this is good thinking from Brathwaite, spotted that KW was backing away and fired it full and well outside off, KW can't reach out to play any shot
45.1
Brathwaite to Neesham, 1 run, Cottrell saves three runs for his team, length delivery outside off and it was drilled to the left of mid-off - a big dive and Cottrell claws it away
44.6
Nurse to Williamson, 2 runs, flighted delivery outside off, KW makes room and drives it wide of long-off, comes back for the second run
44.5
Nurse to Williamson, FOUR, turning out to be a masterclass this, by KW, tossed up at the stumps, he bent down and then played the slog sweep - found the gap wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
44.4
Nurse to Williamson, 2 runs, low full-toss from Nurse, KW brings his wrists into play and finds the gap wide of mid-wicket for a couple of runs
44.3
Nurse to Neesham, 1 run, very full and at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
44.2
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, fraction short and following KW as he backed away, worked down to long-on for a single
44.1
Nurse to Neesham, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
43.6
Cottrell to Williamson, SIX, lovely, 'KW is into overdrive now', chirps Ian Bishop on air, slower ball from Cottrell and KW spotted it, shuffled inside the line and shovelled it high and over square leg for a maximu m
43.5
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, banged in short and at the stumps, KW prods across on the pull and is beaten on the top-edge, sailed over the top of leg and it isn't a wide either
43.4
Cottrell to Williamson, FOUR, cracking shot, fraction too short from Cottrell, KW makes room and crashes it past cover-point - the timing is sweet and the ball races away across the fast outfield
43.3
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, was there an inside edge? West Indies look convinced and the two umpires are converging, that means Ian Gould thinks KW got an inside edge. The third umpire will be called into question once again, the soft signal is OUT. It's a fair delivery, think it went right into the webbings of Shai Hope. No, the ball popped out and hit the ground ehen his elbow hit the ground, it will be NOT OUT. A stunner from Hope, or atleast it looked like. Cottrell followed KW with a short ball as he backed away, found the inside edge on the tuck and Hope flung acrobatically with his left hand - had it for a moment, but it popped out as he completed the tumble
43.2
Cottrell to Neesham, 1 run, a direct hit at the bowler's end and the third umpire will have a look. Neesham looks fairly confident though. Brathwaite threw the stumps down, but the batsman is well in, NOT OUT is the call. This was full and well outside off, Neesham drove it straight to mid-off and called his partner through
43.1
Cottrell to Neesham, no run, short and wide of off, Neesham went hard on the cut and mistimed it to cover
42.6
Nurse to Neesham, 1 run, Nurse drifts one on Neesham's pads, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
42.5
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, tossed up around off, worked away towards long-on for a single
42.4
Nurse to Williamson, FOUR, classy, poor ball from Nurse, was looking to push it through, ended up dropping it short and wide of off, KW needs no second invitation, makes room and clatters it past point for a boundary
42.3
Nurse to Neesham, 1 run, Nurse drifts one around the middle-stump line, worked away to long-on for a single
42.2
Nurse to Neesham, no run, very full and at the stumps, Neesham squeezes it out to mid-wicket
42.1
Nurse to Neesham, no run, flatter and quicker from Nurse, Neesham goes back and pushes it at the bowler
41.6
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, tad fuller and at the stumps, KW shuffles across and defends it back at the bowler
41.5
Cottrell to Latham, out Caught&Bowled!! The salute is back and it only means that Cottrell has another wicket - a nothing shot from Latham, was looking to swing it away to the leg-side, wasn't short enough and all he managed was a simple top-edge, lobbed straight back at the bowler and Cottrell completes an easy catch. New Zealand have lost their fourth wicket, but that will bring their big hitters to the frame wkt (4-210) min (35m). Latham c and b Cottrell 12(16)
41.4
Cottrell to Williamson, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, eased in front of square on the off-side for a single
41.3
Cottrell to Latham, 1 run, full and angling into the left-hander, Latham brings his wrists into play and clips it past square leg for a single
41.2
Cottrell to Williamson, 1 run, slower short ball from Cottrell, KW backs away and cuts it to deep cover for a single
41.1
Cottrell to Latham, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Latham swivels across and pulls it past square leg for a single
40.6
Nurse to Williamson, FOUR, edged and four, a growl from the bowler, pushed through flatter and quicker, KW made room for the cut, gets a thick edge and the ball runs through the vacant slip region
40.5
Nurse to Latham, 1 run, excellent batting from Latham, came down the track, realised that he wasn't close to the ball, used his reach and then chipped it wide of cover for a single
40.4
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, slower and well outside off, eased in front of square on the off-side for a single
40.3
Nurse to Williamson, no run, dropped short and spinning down leg, KW was wey too late on the sweep, was through with the shot even before ther ball arrived, gets a glove and the ball drops in front of the keeper
40.2
Nurse to Latham, 1 run, tossed up at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for an easy single, brings up NZ's 200
40.1
Nurse to Latham, no run, Latham tries a dinky little lap sweep, gets down low and is beaten on the outside edge
39.6
Holder to Latham, 1 run, short and at the stumps, Latham gets inside the line and tucks it behind square on the on-side for a run
39.5
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, punched in front of cover for a single
39.4
Holder to Latham, 1 run, short of a length and on Latham's body, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
39.3
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, length ball from Holder, but it's way outside off and it's steered down towards third man for a single
39.2
Holder to Williamson, FOUR, beautifully played, tad too full and wide of off, KW leans into the drive and places it wide of cover - no chance for the man at mid-off, turning out to be an expensive over
39.1
Holder to Williamson, FOUR, lovely, tad too short from Holder, KW gets inside the line and then shovels it behind square on ther on-side, beats the fielder in the ring and rolls away to the ropes
38.6
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, Nurse drifts one on KW's pads, worked past square leg for a single
38.5
Nurse to Williamson, no run, full-toss from Nurse, KW makes room and punches it back at the bowler
38.4
Nurse to Latham, 1 run, Latham shimmies down the track to a well flighted delivery and works it wide of mid-wicket for a single
38.3
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, tad short and at the stumps, KW makes room and punches it to the right of cover - waits for the ball to beat the fielder and xalls for a single
38.2
Nurse to Williamson, no run, Nurse drifts one outside off, KW waits on it and finds backward point with the dab
38.1
Nurse to Latham, 1 run, tossed up on off, worked away towards long-on for a single
37.6
Roach to Latham, 1 run, works the ball off the pads and gets it down to fine leg for a single
37.5
Roach to Williamson, 1 run, hops up and walks across his sticks for a single
37.4
Roach to Williamson, no run, stabs the ball out into the off-side and doesn't take a single
37.3
Roach to Williamson, FOUR, gift of a delivery and that helps Williamson overhaul back-to-back tons. Whatta player! That was short, down leg and was helped on its way to the fine leg fence for a four. Slower and shorter, Williamson helped the pull on its way to the fine leg fence
37.2
Roach to Williamson, no run, lovely drive! But no runs. Still on 99. was driven on the up and found cover
37.1
Roach to Latham, 1 run, pushes the ball out into the off-side past the bowler and they get a single
36.6
Holder to Williamson, no run, bangs the ball short, Williamson lets the ball go into the keeper's gloves
36.5
Holder to Williamson, no run, tucks the ball out into the on-side
36.4
Holder to Williamson, no run, lot of confusion as he stabbed the ball out into the on-side. Both the batters were mid-pitch before making their respective ends. The throw at the batter's end wasn't good enough
36.3
Holder to Latham, 1 run, full and wide, nails the drive to deep cover. Only a single. Was hit well
36.2
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, walks across his sticks and tucks the ball out into the on-side for a single
36.1
Holder to Williamson, no run, length delivery and has been defended into the deck
35.6
Roach to Latham, no run, taps the ball down and the ball recoils back to the keeper
35.5
Roach to Latham, no run, channels the length delivery across the batter and has been stabbed out into the off-side with a forward push
35.4
Roach to Williamson, 1 run, back footed push into the covers and Gayle shows off his soccer skills to kick the ball out. Single taken
35.3
Roach to Williamson, no run, stabs the ball out and gets it away into the off-side
35.2
Roach to Williamson, 2 runs, back footed punch now and they get another double. The man at deep cover fetched it back. Stood up tall and punched it
35.1
Roach to Williamson, 2 runs, length delivery and stabs the drive into the covers for a brace. That was wide enough for the batter to free his arms
34.6
Gayle to Williamson, 1 run, tucks the ball away off the pads and they get a single. KW shuffled across to tuck it
34.5
Gayle to Williamson, no run, looks to back away and cut it, misses
34.4
Gayle to Latham, 1 run, too full and has been nudged out to long-on for a single
34.3
Gayle to Ross Taylor, out Caught by Holder!! The Universe Boss strikes. Strikes gold. His skipper takes the catch and roars out a war cry. That was fuller, Ross Taylor charged out and drilled it flat for the man at mid-off to take it. A mid-off for an offie is something rarely seen these days but credit to Holder and WI strike. The batter got too close to the pitch of the ball and hence didn't get the elevation. And Gayle almost did his shoulder trying to celebrate like a youngster wkt (3-167) min (148m). Ross Taylor c Holder b Gayle 69(95) [4s-7]
34.2
Gayle to Ross Taylor, no run, charges out, low full toss is what he meets with and has been clipped to the man at mid-wicket
34.1
Gayle to Ross Taylor, no run, pushes the ball out into the off-side and finds cover
34.1
Gayle to Ross Taylor, wide, slips the ball down leg and has been wided
33.6
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been driven down to long-on for a single
33.5
Brathwaite to Williamson, 1 run, whippy tuck off the pads and the man at deep mid picks the ball up. They get a single
33.4
Brathwaite to Williamson, FOUR, into the 90s goes the machine like genius from NZ. That was a length delivery outside off and he punched the ball on the up to get it well past the man at deep cover. Four more
33.3
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, 1 run, and again the bowler follows Rossco who just nudges the ball out into the on-side for a single
33.2
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, no run, was standing with all the sticks exposed. The bowler cramped him for room and Ross Taylor failed to tuck it away as the bowler followed him
33.1
Brathwaite to Williamson, 1 run, done in by the lack of pace, short it was and KW was too early into the pull. The ball bobbled away into the on-side for a single
32.6
Gayle to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up delivery and has been clipped out to short mid
32.5
Gayle to Williamson, 1 run, tucks the ball away past short fine leg for a single
32.4
Gayle to Ross Taylor, 1 run, stabbed push and the man at mid-wicket allows the single as he dives over the ball. 150 of the partnership is up
32.3
Gayle to Williamson, 1 run, knocks the full ball off the pads into the on-side for a single. That was full and on the pads
32.2
Gayle to Ross Taylor, 1 run, turns the ball off the pads for a single
32.1
Gayle to Williamson, 1 run, drops it short, slightly, tucked away into the on-side for a single
31.6
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, defends it out soldily under his eyes as the ball decked in a little
31.5
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, can't keep bowling short. Slams the pull but unfortunately finds the man at mid-wicket
31.4
Thomas to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, drags it short and has been pulled down into the ground. The man at fine leg has some distance to cover to his left and they get a brace
31.3
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, on a length, gets the batter squared up and has been nudged out to mid-on
31.2
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, looks to tuck it away but the ball held on to the surface a bit and the batter was through with his shot a bit too early
31.1
Thomas to Williamson, 1 run, on a length and has been stabbed out to deep third man for a single
30.6
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, slams the fuller ball down to long-on after a jump down the track. Picket-fence over as six singles come off that over
30.5
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, outer-halves the ball as that was thrown wide. The ball sped away but the fielder at short third did well to stop it
30.4
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, steers the ball outside off and gets a single
30.3
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, nudged off the pads and another quick single
30.2
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, tucked off the pads for a single
30.1
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on the pads and has been nurdled off the pads for a single
29.6
Thomas to Williamson, no run, on a length and has been stabbed out into the off-side with soft hands
29.5
Thomas to Ross Taylor, 1 run, hops back and tucks it past mid-wicket for a single
29.4
Thomas to Williamson, 1 run, another blip on the field as that was tucked away off the pads. The dive went over the ball and that allowed another single for the two batters
29.3
Thomas to Ross Taylor, 1 run, square drives along the carpet and the man at point has a little bubble to deal with and that allows the duo take a run. Was hit hard
29.2
Thomas to Williamson, 1 run, lays his bat on a length delivery and jabs it out to deep third man for a single
29.1
Thomas to Williamson, FOUR, just checked his shot? Didn't he? Where did all the timing come from? That was fuller and Williamson checked his drive to get it over cover. The ball raced away to the fence as the man at mid-off trying to track it down had no chance
28.6
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, treks back and pushes the ball out to long-on for a single
28.5
Nurse to Williamson, no run, stays back and stabs the ball out to short mid
28.4
Nurse to Williamson, 2 runs, fuller delivery and has been slammed past cover for a double
28.3
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, works the ball off the pads and finds the man at 45 degrees. But still get a single as Gayle was there
28.2
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, too full and has been dug out to deep long-on for a single
28.1
Nurse to Williamson, 2 runs, reaches out for a wide ball, lifts the ball over the bowler's head and gets a brace
27.6
Cottrell to Williamson, 1 run, creams the drive through the off-side and gets a single down to deep cover for a single
27.5
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, fuller from round the wicket and has been driven back to the bowler. Was hit hard
27.4
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, pushes the length ball out defensively
27.3
Cottrell to Williamson, FOUR, what is more glorious than a KW on-drive? None. At all. Fuller delivery and he leant into it to send it to the long-on fence
27.2
Cottrell to Williamson, 2 runs, slashes the ball down and gets it behind square for a double. That was just placed nicely by using the pace of the bowler
27.1
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, quickish ball on the pads and has been clipped away into the on-side for a single
26.6
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, drops the ball short and has been tucked behind square for a single
26.5
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, pushes the ball out to long-on for a single
26.4
Nurse to Williamson, 2 runs, chips down the track and knocks the ball away into the on-side. Williamson called for a two and makes it despite the throw coming in at the bowler's end. But Ross was quick and made it
26.3
Nurse to Williamson, no run, more of a soft leading edge back to the bowler as he tried turning the face of the bat a bit
26.2
Nurse to Williamson, no run, looks to cut and misses
26.1
Nurse to Williamson, no run, gets forward and defends it
25.6
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller ball angling across and has been stabbed back to the bowler
25.5
Cottrell to Williamson, 1 run, knocks the ball out to mid-on for a single
25.4
Cottrell to Williamson, 2 runs, chops the ball past point and timed it well as well. The man at deep third puts in the dive and stops the ball to his right
25.3
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, bangs in the short ball, slants it away and Williamson sways away
25.2
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads and has been nudged off the pads for a single. Easily done
25.1
Cottrell to Williamson, 1 run, on the hips and tucked away to fine leg for a single
24.6
Nurse to Ross Taylor, leg byes, 2 runs, down the leg side and it brushes the batsman's pads as he fails to lay bat on ball. Two leg byes as the ball runs down to fine leg
24.5
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, scythes the slider to short third man and challenges the fielder's arm, one more to the total
24.4
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tossed up delivery outside off, full in length and it's been creamed through covers by Ross
24.3
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, punches the widish delivery through covers for a single
24.2
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, 100-run stand up. Taylor punches it past the bowler and brings up their 14th century partnership in ODIs, has a gentle handshake with his partner too
24.1
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, drills the floated ball to long-on for a single
23.6
Roach to Ross Taylor, FOUR, fifties for both batsmen in the same over. Williamson brought up his half-century with a single but Taylor gets there in style. A textbook straight drive by the veteran that races away to the fence, another lovely shot
23.5
Roach to Williamson, 1 run, fifty for Williamson, his third fifty-plus score in the tournament. Nurdles the back of a length delivery into the leg side and brings up the milestone with a single
23.4
Roach to Ross Taylor, 1 run, applauds in the stands as 100 comes up for New Zealand. A fullish delivery by Roach and Ross Taylor drives it to mid-on for a single
23.3
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, on a length around off, Ross Taylor defends it into the off side
23.2
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, speared into the batsman on a length and it's been clipped to mid-wicket
23.1
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, early in his shot as he mistimes the drive to mid-off
22.6
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tossed up delivery outside off, Ross Taylor reaches out for it with a drive away from his body, ends the over with a single at deep cover
22.5
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, eases this one down to long-on and takes a single
22.4
Nurse to Williamson, no run, Williamson looks disappointed as he faces another dot ball. Was looking to steer it down to third man but the ball travels quickly to the fielder inside the ring
22.3
Nurse to Williamson, no run, goes for a drive away from his body and gets it off the cue-end towards short third man
22.2
Nurse to Ross Taylor, 1 run, squeezes the overpitched delivery through covers
22.1
Nurse to Williamson, 1 run, punches the flatter delivery to long-on
21.6
Roach to Ross Taylor, FOUR, after bowling five consecutive good deliveries, Roach makes a meal of the last ball. A gentle loosener on the pads and Taylor makes sure to glance it down to fine leg, away to the fence at the rate of knots
21.5
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, straightening off the deck and Taylor does well to ease the fullish delivery back to Roach
21.4
Roach to Williamson, 1 run, 138ks, tad fuller and it's been clipped through mid-wicket by Williamson
21.3
Roach to Williamson, no run, rides the bounce on this delivery and punches it back to Roach, stopped well by the bowler
21.2
Roach to Williamson, no run, spears in a length ball around off and it seams away from the batsman, Williamson somehow manages to get some bat as he pats it into the off side
21.1
Roach to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery around middle and leg, Williamson knocks it firmly to wide mid-on
20.6
Brathwaite to Williamson, 1 run, helps the short ball away to fine leg for a single, does the skipper
20.5
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, 1 run, dropped short by "Remember the name" and it's been hooked away to deep square leg
20.4
Brathwaite to Williamson, 1 run, sliding down the leg side and it's been glanced down to fine leg by Williamson
20.3
Brathwaite to Williamson, 2 runs, sliding down the leg side and it's been worked through square leg by KW, two more to the total
20.2
Brathwaite to Williamson, FOUR, copy book cricket, if Taylor hits a boundary, Williamson makes sure to hit one too. A short ball outside off and Williamson square-cuts it through the gap at cover-point
20.1
Brathwaite to Williamson, no run, nicely timed on-drive by Williamson as it finds the fielder at mid-on
19.6
Thomas to Ross Taylor, FOUR, short ball in the channel outside off, Ross Taylor rises high and smashes it through the gap at covers. All the fielders were inside the ring and he placed that to perfection
19.5
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, short and wide outside off, Ross Taylor slaps it hard to the fielder at cover
19.4
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, short of a length around off, Ross Taylor defends it off his back foot to cover
19.3
Thomas to Williamson, 1 run, short of a length outside off, Williamson steers it down to third man finally, was waiting to do that since long
19.2
Thomas to Williamson, no run, back of a length outside off, Williamson guides it to Gayle once again
19.1
Thomas to Williamson, no run, glides the length ball to Gayle at backward point
18.6
Brathwaite to Williamson, 1 run, hops a touch and cuts the short ball to square third man
18.5
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, 1 run, a slow and short ball by Brathwaite, asking to be hit but Taylor can't find the fence. Pulls it hard but straight to the man at deep square
18.4
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, no run, guides the length ball past the bowler
18.3
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, no run, Taylor was looking to take evasive action against this short ball but it comes off his bat and rolls towards short third man
18.2
Brathwaite to Ross Taylor, no run, works this one towards the fielder at mid-wicket
18.1
Brathwaite to Williamson, 1 run, the running between the wickets hasn't been impressive in the last two overs. Williamson nurdles this one towards mid-wicket and although there was a comfortable single available, Williamson has a sight hesitation
17.6
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, around the off-stump line, a good length ball by Thomas that's been eased towards cover by Ross
17.5
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, taps this one towards the man at point
17.4
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, nurdles the bck of a length delivery to mid-on. Taylor wanted a single but Williamson wasn't interested, sends him back
17.3
Thomas to Williamson, 1 run, that was a wide ball down the leg side but Williamson gets some bat on it. He was looking to glance it down to fine leg for a boundary but it went very square and the fielder in the deep was in action
17.2
Thomas to Ross Taylor, 1 run, hops in his crease and works the shortish delivery into the gap at mid-wicket
17.1
Thomas to Ross Taylor, FOUR, straight as an arrow! Another delivery on a fullish length and Taylor drills it straight past the bowler with a lovely drive. The fielder from mid-on was sprinting back but it was impossible to chase it down, such impeccable was the timing
16.6
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Taylor comes down the wicket and pulls the short ball to deep square leg for a single. A loud 'no' by Williamson as Taylor was thinking to come back for two. Wise call
16.5
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, tucks the back of a length delivery through square leg
16.4
Holder to Williamson, FOUR, class! A juicy half-volley by Holder and Williamson creams his drive past the man at mid-off. Such a lovely shot that was, admirable
16.3
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, half-volley on the pads and Taylor flicks it to deep mid-wicket. The initial call was for two but they decide against it as Cottrell charges in from the deep
16.2
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, works the back of a length ball to deep square leg for a single
16.1
Holder to Williamson, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Williamson nudges it into the leg side
15.6
Thomas to Williamson, 1 run, sliding along the deck around off, Williamson waits for the ball to arrive and dabs it past the man at point, played it very late
15.5
Thomas to Williamson, no run, short of a length around off, Williamson treks back and punches it to cover
15.4
Thomas to Williamson, 2 runs, 28th fifty-run stand between Taylor and Williamson in ODIs. The latter clips it through mid-wicket and as the fielder from deep square leg has to cover some distance, it makes it easy for them to come back for two
15.3
Thomas to Williamson, no run, back of a length around off and it's been knocked firmly to cover by Williamson, shadow practices his shot as he couldn't find the gap
15.2
Thomas to Williamson, no run, steady head, eyes on the ball and stonewalls it
15.1
Thomas to Williamson, no run, full toss by Thomas and Williamson drives it uppishly to mid-on
14.6
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, cheeky single taken by KW as he nurdles this back of a length delivery towards the on side with soft hands and scampers across
14.5
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, pushes the half-volley to the man at mid-off and scurries across
14.4
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Williamson clips it through mid-wicket and moves across to the other end
14.3
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, nudges the length delivery in front of mid-on and gets his skipper back on strike
14.2
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, on his front foot as he guides the length ball back to Holder
14.1
Holder to Ross Taylor, FOUR, both batsmen are getting boundaries at regular intervals. A short ball around off and Taylor's eyes lit up as he rocks back to thrash it away to the deep mid-wicket fence. All fielders were mere spectators
13.6
Thomas to Williamson, no run, shouts of 'catch it' as Williamson chips the length delivery in front of mid-off. That was in the air for a while as the batsman was a touch early in his shot. But again he'd played that with soft hands, hence it didn't carry to the fielder stationed there
13.5
Thomas to Williamson, no run, covers the stumps and nudges the length delivery into the leg side
13.4
Thomas to Williamson, FOUR, nice shot! Width on offer, Williamson sees the opportunity and pounces on it. Cuts it well past the fielder at point and beats the sprinter at third man as well
13.3
Thomas to Williamson, no run, 'wait' is the call by Kane Williamson as he glides the back of a length ball to backward point
13.2
Thomas to Ross Taylor, 1 run, clips this one off the inside half of his willow, single at deep mid-wicket
13.1
Thomas to Ross Taylor, no run, full length ball around off and it's been driven to wide mid-off by Ross Taylor
12.6
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, drills the overpitched delivery to mid-on where a diving stop by the fielder denies him a boundary, nothing more than a single
12.5
Holder to Ross Taylor, FOUR, was just a matter of time. Can't keep this guy quiet for a long time. A length ball by Holder and Taylor slogs it to the deep mid-wicket fence in his trademark style, across the line and with a lot of power
12.4
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, on a length around middle and leg, Ross Taylor clips it to the fielder at mid-wicket
12.3
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, rides the bounce on this short ball and taps it to third man, he can play this shot all day long
12.2
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, length ball on the pads and it's been whipped away uppishly towards deep square leg by Ross Taylor
12.1
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, tries to cramp up the batsman who does well to nudge this towards mid-wicket, played that off a closed bat face and soft hands
11.6
Roach to Williamson, no run, pitched outside off, Williamson waits and taps it to point
11.5
Roach to Williamson, no run, scrambled seam length delivery, turned to mid-wicket
11.4
Roach to Williamson, 2 runs, fullish outside off, Williamson uses his wrists to work it straight down the ground. Mid-on tidies up
11.3
Roach to Williamson, no run, shortish on middle, Williamson jumps back and keeps it out
11.2
Roach to Williamson, leg byes, 2 runs, drifting down leg, Williamson walks across and tickles it past the keeper.
11.1
Roach to Williamson, no run, very full, overpitching it outside off. Williamson flows into a sweet drive to mid-off
10.6
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, too straight. Taylor is able to flick it to square leg
10.5
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run
10.5
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, pounds it short, Taylor calmly defends it down the pitch
10.4
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, bends his back and puts more effort in unleashing the bumper, Taylor takes evasive action and ducks his head under it
10.3
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, bangs it short, taking all the pace off it and Taylor was lining up for the pull. Lack of pace does him and Holder gets away
10.3
Holder to Williamson, no ball, 1 run, a blip from Holder, trying to overdo and oversteps in the process. Back of a length on middle, tucked away to fine leg. Free-hit coming up for Taylor
10.2
Holder to Williamson, no run, "No" shouts Williamson after nudging this length delivery to mid-wicket
10.1
Holder to Williamson, no run, good length, swerving in at the stumps. Williamson stands tall and works it to square leg
9.6
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, Roach trims his length, keeping it short around off. Taylor allows for the ball to arrive before stabbing it
9.5
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller and tighter just outside off, Taylor meets his defence high on the bat
9.4
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, nice presentation of straight bat, checking his drive to mid-off
9.3
Roach to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, too straight from Roach, Taylor clips it with a closed bat-face to square leg. One-handed pick up and throw from Cottrell can't prevent the duo from stealing the second
9.2
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, wicket-to-wicket line, Taylor's shows off his defensive prowess
9.1
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, curving in around off, Taylor stomps forward and eases it to extra cover
8.6
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, straying on leg, wristed to deep square leg
8.5
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, identical delivery, hint of extra fizz but Taylor is alert enough to blunt it out
8.4
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, 129kph, Holder lasers it at the stumps. Taylor gets across his sticks and blocks it
8.3
Holder to Williamson, 1 run, digs it short, Williamson uses the depth of the crease to tickle it through square leg
8.2
Holder to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flicked to the right of mid-on, wonderful stop from Braithwaite which denies Taylor some runs
8.1
Holder to Ross Taylor, no run, pitched up outside off, Taylor comes forward and drives it to mid-off
7.6
Roach to Williamson, no run, 136kph, fuller length delivery outside off. Driven to extra cover
7.5
Roach to Williamson, no run, sticks to shorter length but the line is wide of off, Williamson throws his weight back and punches it crisply but straight to cover
7.4
Roach to Williamson, no run, shorter from Roach, turned to mid-wicket
7.3
Roach to Williamson, no run, coming back into the right-hander, Williamson patiently stays in his crease and shows his straight bat
7.2
Roach to Williamson, no run, full and straight, defended off the back foot
7.1
Roach to Williamson, no run, oh, what was that? Short of a good length and it kept coming in with the angle accompanied by extra bounce. Williamson was caught in the crease and was all at sea. Awkwardly fends it
6.6
Cottrell to Williamson, 1 run, half-hearted drive from Williamson. Half-a-stop from Brathwaite, however saved some runs for his team
6.5
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, back of a length and skidding through the deck outside off, left alone
6.4
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, length delivery outside off, defended from the crease
6.3
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, turned away behind square
6.2
Cottrell to Williamson, 1 run, extra zip on this back of a length delivery on leg, Williamson softens his grip and tucks it to square leg
6.1
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, 137kph, loose delivery from Cottrell. Bit shorter and outside off, Williamson waits back and quietly pokes it to cover
5.6
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, swerving on middle and leg, Taylor takes a stride down the pitch and blocks
5.5
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, shifts his body momentum forward and pushes it to cover
5.4
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, outside edge but doesn't carry to Gayle at slip. Roach is setting it up excellently. Another full delivery that straightens and Taylor is caught napping, gets squared up and feeds an outside edge which goes on the bounce to the Universe Boss
5.3
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, indipper now, accurate stuff from Roach. Taylor props half-forward and stonewalls it
5.2
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, lovely line from Roach. Fuller length delivery just outside off and it held its line after pitching which made Taylor to withdraw his bat from the line
5.1
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, cross-seam full delivery, slanting in towards middle and leg. Taylor covers for the line and hurriedly defends
4.6
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, similar line and length from Cottrell, Williamson remains firm in his crease and blocks it. Another good over from Cottrell
4.5
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, smidgen short and allows Williamson to pivot back. Neatly dead-batted
4.4
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, sharp outward shape for Cottrell, Williamson watches it carefully to see it off to the keeper
4.3
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, good length in the channel just outside off, Williamson sits back and quells it
4.2
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, little hesitation in the running and there's a direct-hit at the bowler's end but Taylor is safe. Not for the first time that we've seen the breakdown in communication between these two batsmen. Nudged to the right of mid-wicket and they hustle through for a quick single. Had Nurse been a bit alert, it could've been trouble for Taylor
4.1
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, no run, 132kph, goes fuller outside off. Taylor plunges onto his front foot to drive it to extra cover
3.6
Roach to Williamson, no run, nicely gets behind the line on this occasion and keeps it out
3.5
Roach to Ross Taylor, 1 run, length delivery, probing line just outside off and it gained some extra bounce to dupe Taylor, who squirts it to point off the outer half
3.4
Roach to Williamson, 1 run, this one straightens just outside off, Williamson gropes again and this time the outside edge trickles away to third man
3.3
Roach to Williamson, FOUR, outside edge from Williamson but ensured that it rolled along the ground, courtesy soft hands. Was hesitant to come forward, the hands came down late and it brushed the outside edge to elude Chris Gayle at slip and zooms away to the third man boundary
3.2
Roach to Williamson, no run, goodish length from Roach, targets the Glenn McGrath corridor and Williamson wisely leaves it
3.1
Roach to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of length, angling in. Taylor stays rooted to the crease and jabs at it. Only manages an inside edge behind square
2.6
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, back of a length and around fourth stump line, Williamson takes notice and hides his bat behind
2.5
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, well-judged leave from Williamson on seeing this good length ball curling away him
2.4
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, beauty from Cottrell. Tempts Williamson by hurling it full and takes it away from the right-hander. Williamson goes chasing after the drive sans any feet and almost nicked it off
2.3
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, opens up Williamson completely with this length delivery that moves off the seam at the last movement and whistles past the outside edge. Williamson didn't get behind the line and poked at it tamely
2.2
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, goes for the away-seamer, on a yorker length outside off. Williamson tries to jam it but gets beaten for pace
2.1
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, Cottrell keeps it tight at the stumps, Williamson gets half-forward to ease it out
1.6
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, "Catch" was the shout and it drops in front of cover. Fuller outside off, it kind of stopped on the wicket and Taylor checks his push uppishly. Falls a few yards in front of Hetmyer, who takes it on the half-volley
1.5
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, homing in on middle, Taylor moves across and blunts it softly
1.4
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, cutting back into the right-hander, defended
1.3
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, fullish and nipping in, Taylor covers for the swing and blocks
1.2
Roach to Ross Taylor, FOUR, that's spanked with cruelty. Short and asking for trouble! It was well wide of off and Taylor reaches out to slap it past point
1.1
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, begins with a jagging delivery that comes in a long way after pitching to cramp Taylor for room. Didn't expect it and sort of picked it late only to get an inside edge onto his pads
0.6
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, 3 runs, Taylor is underway. Fuller length and tailed in on middle, Taylor podders across and flicks it through mid-wicket. Three more to end the over
0.5
Cottrell to Munro, out Bowled!! Oh my word! This swung in like a snake on narcotics. Absolute peach from Cottrell, it's getting better and better for him. Munro had no clue there as he was late to spot that. Very full, almost a yorker length aiming at the base of off and it swung in the air which perhaps must've fooled Munro. Goes through his defences and knocks the off-stump. Cottrell is on fire and does his trademark salute again. Both openers gone for New Zealand, this has been a disastrous start for the Kiwis wkt (2-7) min (10m). Munro b Cottrell 0(1)
0.4
Cottrell to Williamson, 3 runs, Williamson continues his good touch. Leans across and creams this beautifully through extra cover and this time they will collect three
0.3
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, pitched around off, patted away defensively
0.2
Cottrell to Williamson, 4 runs, more comedy here. Everything is happening. A solid drive from Williamson past mid-off, Brathwaite gives the chase and makes a meal of it. Dives a bit too early and ended up making a mockery of himself. It beats him and it looked buffoonery. Lewis, who was behind CB eventually mopped it up. But they ended up running four. Phew!
0.1
Cottrell to Guptill, out Lbw!! Wow! West Indies couldn't have got a better start here after electing to bowl first. Sensational delivery from Cottrell. Searing yorker that swung in incredibly to ping Guptill on the boot as he was late in getting his bat down on the squeeze. Cottrell went up straightaway and was very confident. Convinced his skipper to take the review and he was spot-on. The salute is out and West Indies are elated wkt (1-0) min (3m). Guptill lbw b Cottrell 0(1)
Commentary
Gayle,Roach,Nurse,Brathwaite,Holder,Lewis,Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhommehomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson
