45.4
K Richardson to Shaheen Afridi, out Sarfaraz Run Out!! That's the end of that. Australia have closed it off. Length ball around off, knocked towards cover. Sarfaraz sought a single for it, came out of his crease, probably expecting the ball to bounce over the fielder. But Maxwell reaches out one-handed, a clean pick-up, and then makes a direct-hit at the non-striker's end. Washes away Pakistan's hopes with it wkt (10-266) min (96m). Sarfaraz run out (Maxwell) 40(48) [4s-1]
45.3
K Richardson to Shaheen Afridi, no run, climbs from short of length, Afridi struggles to ride the bounce and it juts off the top of his handle towards mid-off
45.2
K Richardson to Shaheen Afridi, no run, overpitched outside off, Afridi beaten on the attempted drive
45.1
K Richardson to Shaheen Afridi, no run, back of a length delivery on top of off, Afridi blocks
44.6
Starc to Shaheen Afridi, 1 run, slips down leg, Afridi clips it for a single behind square
44.5
Starc to Shaheen Afridi, no run, somehow lines up a length ball that's tailing in from a length, defends
44.4
Starc to Amir, out Bowled!! A pacy full toss has accounted for Amir as he drags it back off the inside edge. Pakistan almost done. And it's that man Starc again, decisively turning the game in favour of Australia when the pressure is on. Did it against West Indies, and here again wkt (9-265) min (5m). Amir b Starc 0(2)
44.3
Starc to Amir, no run, short of length delivery in the channel of off, Amir beaten as he bounces up in the crease to defend
44.3
Starc to Amir, wide, short ball down the leg-side, Amir ducks
44.2
Starc to Riaz, out Caught by Carey!! Australia excited about a caught-behind appeal. Finch seeks suggestions from all directions, and only with one second on the clock, does he go for the review. Not a very confident one. But wait on, the review has yielded gold. There's a spike on UltraEdge. Massive wicket, and probably the end of Pakistan? Short of length, straightens from round the wicket and Riaz fences it through. Only a feather. And it's enough to clip Pakistan's wings wkt (8-264) min (49m). Riaz c Carey b Starc 45(39) [4s-2 6s-3]
44.1
Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short ball but an off-pace one, Sarfaraz gets himself beside the line of it and glides it down to third man
43.6
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short of length outside off, off-cutter, Sarfaraz back-cuts to third man
43.5
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run, skids through from short of length, rushes Sarfaraz on the pull. Hits him high on the bat and so there's no timing as it rolls to midwicket
43.4
K Richardson to Riaz, 1 run, length ball wide of off, Riaz flails away and slaps it to deep point
43.3
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run, back of a length on middle and off, turned wide of midwicket
43.2
K Richardson to Riaz, 1 run, full toss around off, an educated edge from Riaz as he angles it to third man
43.1
K Richardson to Riaz, 2 runs, full toss outside off, Riaz drops the bat on it and places it past backward point. Had to dive back into the crease to complete the second
42.6
Starc to Riaz, 1 run, speared in full on leg, Riaz flicks it down to fine leg
42.5
Starc to Riaz, no run, sharp lifter outside off, Riaz jumped up with it but soon realized that the line was outside off and so it could be easily left alone
42.4
Starc to Riaz, no run, short of length at the waist, blocked down the pitch
42.3
Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short of length on off, Starc cutting his fingers across it, Sarfaraz steers it down to third man
42.2
Starc to Riaz, 1 run, low full toss on middle, flicked to deep square leg
42.1
Starc to Riaz, no run, slants across outside off, beats Riaz on the outside edge
41.6
Coulter Nile to Riaz, 1 run, yorker length outside off, jammed down to third man
41.5
Coulter Nile to Sarfaraz, 1 run, clips it behind square
41.4
Coulter Nile to Riaz, 1 run, more cheers as Riaz shuffles across and tucks this off the waist behind square
41.3
Coulter Nile to Riaz, SIX, Riaz has started sending them into the stands, and the crowd is growing louder and louder. This is still on. Slower ball, walloped over midwicket with a ferocious swipe
41.2
Coulter Nile to Riaz, no run, back of a length on top of middle, swatted to short cover
41.1
Coulter Nile to Sarfaraz, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, dabbed to third man
40.6
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run, fired in on leg, flicked towards long-on
40.5
Maxwell to Riaz, 1 run, fuller at the stumps, eased down to long-on
40.4
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run, pulls this down to long-on
40.3
Maxwell to Riaz, 1 run, mowed wide of deep midwicket where NCN does exceptionally well to flick it back inside the ropes
40.2
Maxwell to Riaz, SIX, swings again, and nails it this time, a long way over long-on. 10 off 2. Maxwell under pressure. Doled out the bait again, and it was swallowed by Riaz
40.1
Maxwell to Riaz, FOUR, huge cheers as a thick inside edge from Riaz runs past the off-stump and into the boundary. Was a whisker away from the knocking timber. Flighted on off, Riaz swung violently at it and benefitted from the edge
39.6
Pat Cummins to Riaz, 1 run, skiddy on a good length, nudged towards mid-on for a single
39.5
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, good length delivery on off, an open-faced steer to point
39.4
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, shortish one down leg, misses the glance, nope, some glove on it (says the umpire), and goes to the 'keeper on the bounce
39.3
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, good length delivery on off, dropped into the off-side, they think about the run, decide against it in the end
39.2
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, back of a length delivery on the gut, another hop and a block into the pitch
39.1
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, thick outside edge flying away towards third man for a single
38.6
Coulter Nile to Riaz, SIX, short, quite pacy too @137km/h, Riaz swivels onto the backfoot and smokes that over cow corner for six
38.5
Coulter Nile to Sarfaraz, 1 run, right in the channel, on a good length, nearly chops on, to his legs, and it rolls into the off-side for a single
38.4
Coulter Nile to Sarfaraz, no run, good length delivery on off, defended from the crease
38.3
Coulter Nile to Riaz, 1 run, short one into the ribs, dropped off a jump to square leg for a single
38.2
Coulter Nile to Riaz, 2 runs, slower one on the pads, an airy whip towards midwicket for a couple
38.1
Coulter Nile to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, tapped on the head late to glide it down to short third man for a single
37.6
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, Riaz has a wild swing across the line, misses
37.5
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, 1 run, back of a length delivery on off, blocked down the wicket, Pat Cummins fails to collect a regulation rolling ball on his follow-through, and that rolls to mid-off for a single
37.4
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, no run, good length delivery on off, a late block, nearly plays it on, but it bounces over the stumps
37.3
Pat Cummins to Riaz, 1 run, short one, awkwardly kept down with the top-handed drop towards square leg for a single
37.2
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, 1 run, banged in on a short of length, rises into the thigh, tapped off a closed face towards fine leg for a single
37.1
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, no run, back of a length delivery seaming in, inside edge onto the thigh, and that lobs towards the slips - falls well short
36.6
Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 run, on the pads, @143km/h, nudged away to fine leg for a single
36.5
Starc to Riaz, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, drilled to cover for a single
36.4
Starc to Riaz, FOUR, fuller length and outside off, 144km/h, Riaz has a full-blooded drive through cover, gets a thick outside edge past a diving Smith (right) towards the third man boundary for four
36.3
Starc to Riaz, no run, another shortish one on off-stump @145km/h, another jump and a drop into the off-side this time
36.2
Starc to Riaz, no run, short of length delivery at 146km/h, dropped off a hop into the on-side
36.1
Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 run, steered to deep backward point for a single
35.6
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, good length delivery just outside off, poked to Maxwell at point
35.5
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, 1 run, good length delivery just outside off, punched hard into the ground, bounces over the leaping point for a single to square third man
35.4
Pat Cummins to Riaz, 1 run, shortish one at the arm, fended off with half-evasive action into the on-side for a single
35.3
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, full and fast, 141km/h, driven hard to cover point who cuts it off with a dive
35.2
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, back of a length delivery on the pads, misses the glance, off the pads and into the on-side
35.1
Pat Cummins to Riaz, no run, fuller length delivery on middle, punched to mid-on
34.6
Starc to Sarfaraz, no run, good length delivery on off, defended late from the crease
34.5
Starc to Riaz, 1 run, drops it short @145km/h, Riaz gets his bottom-hand off, and takes his eyes off it - fends it away to square leg for a single
34.4
Starc to Riaz, no run, short of length delivery on off, dropped off a hop towards cover point
34.3
Starc to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short one on the body, pulled away to backward square leg for a single
34.2
Starc to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, good length delivery on the pads, nudged away towards cow corner for a couple
34.1
Starc to Riaz, 1 run, good length delivery angling away, runs his hands through the ball to get it to sweeper cover for a single
33.6
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, punched to cover
33.5
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, out Caught by Khawaja!! A short at the body, a swing of the bat into the on-side, top-edge, and that steeples into the fine leg skies - Khawaja settles under it. Hasan Ali heads back after an entertaining cameo wkt (7-200) min (17m). Hasan Ali c Khawaja b K Richardson 32(15) [4s-3 6s-3]
33.4
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, FOUR, dropped short, a bit of width, slapped over the covers for a flat boundary
33.3
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, FOUR, half-volley outside off, transfer of weight, and driven through the gap at extra cover for four
33.2
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, Hasan Ali tries to cart it over the cow corner boundary, misses
33.1
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run, back of a length angling in, seaming in, dropped to mid-on for a single, and a back-handed throw from Richardson at the non-striker-s end, and he misses
32.6
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run, a tad short, punched off the backfoot towards cover for a single
32.5
Maxwell to Hasan Ali, 1 run, tossed up on leg, Hasan Ali comes down the track and drills it straight down the ground for a single
32.4
Maxwell to Hasan Ali, SIX, clubbed! What's happening! Skids through on middle from a shortish length, pulled away over long-on for six
32.3
Maxwell to Hasan Ali, no run, skids through on the stumps, chopped to cover point
32.2
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run, dropped short and that's pulled away off the backfoot towards backward square leg for a single
32.1
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, no run, fired in on middle, Sarfaraz comes down the track and tries swiping it over midwicket, gets a thick inside edge onto his pads
31.6
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, no run, short, wide and pacy, Hasan Ali has a go at the cut, misses
31.5
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, SIX, half-volley, and that's a second consecutive six! Kane Richardson getting a bit of stick from Hasan Ali! Absolutely smokes this over long-on for a massive six!
31.4
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, SIX, dropped short, into the body, he's through with his bat-swing before the head comes through, and swings it away with a pull over cow corner for six
31.3
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, dropped off the backfoot towards point
31.3
K Richardson to Hasan Ali, wide, strays down leg again, wide called
31.2
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short of length delivery on the torso, tucked into the on-side for a quick single
31.1
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, punched back from the crease, Richardson sticks out his right hand, stops it
30.6
Maxwell to Hasan Ali, no run, skids through low on the stumps, hastily pushed back to the bowler
30.5
Maxwell to Hasan Ali, FOUR, skids through outside off, Hasan Ali gets low and cuts, top-edge, very fine, through where slip would have been, and beats Warner to the third man fence
30.4
Maxwell to Hasan Ali, no run, full delivery, slow through the air, on middle and leg, nudged into the on-side
30.3
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run, turning into the hip with some overspin, dropped off the backfoot into the on-side for a quick single
30.2
Maxwell to Hasan Ali, 1 run, angling in, turning in, thick inside edge towards backward square leg for a single
30.1
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, 1 run, flatter on the stumps, punched off the backfoot towards cover for a single
30.1
Maxwell to Sarfaraz, wide, drift in, and angling down leg, wide called
29.6
K Richardson to Asif Ali, out Caught by Carey!! Edged and taken! The hard length from Richardson finally pays off for him as he gets this to rear up after pitching. Ali was hustled clearly as he pushed meekly at it. Off the glove and straight to Carey who takes a comfortable catch. Australia chipping away at the wickets now wkt (6-160) min (9m). Asif Ali c Carey b K Richardson 5(8)
29.5
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run, banged in short and rises steeply off the deck as Sarfaraz shuffles across to fend it through square leg
29.4
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, no run, not much room for the cut stroke but Sarfaraz goes hard at it. Gets a bottom edge that goes on the bounce to Carey
29.3
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, 2 runs, dug in short and Sarfaraz climbs into the pull shot, doesn't really get hold of it but clears mid-wicket comfortably
29.2
K Richardson to Asif Ali, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Ali stays back and punches with an open face down to third man
29.1
K Richardson to Sarfaraz, 1 run, walks across the stumps after moving down the track and works it towards square leg for a single
28.6
Finch to Sarfaraz, 1 run, drifting in from middle and leg, Sarfaraz stays back and punches it down to long-on
28.5
Finch to Asif Ali, 1 run, floated up on middle and leg, Ali hangs back and wrists it down to long-on
28.4
Finch to Sarfaraz, 1 run, Sarfaraz continues to make room early but Finch follows him with a slider, punched down to long-on
28.3
Finch to Sarfaraz, no run, backs away early does Sarfaraz as Finch drops it on a good length, cut to cover
28.2
Finch to Asif Ali, 1 run, slower and fuller on the pads, flicked away towards deep mid-wicket
28.1
Finch to Asif Ali, no run, drifting in on middle and leg, worked softly towards square leg. Wanted the single but there's no run there
28.1
Finch to Sarfaraz, wide, 2 erratic from Finch as he spills this down leg and Carey also can't gather it
27.6
Pat Cummins to Asif Ali, 2 runs, fullish and angling in on leg stump, Ali holds his shape and drives through the vacant mid-on region. Warner from mid-off chases it down with a slide
27.5
Pat Cummins to Asif Ali, no run, shortish and outside off, defended off the back foot to point
27.4
Pat Cummins to Asif Ali, no run, beats the edge! Cummins is cranking it up now! Angles it closer to off stump and gets it to straighten a bit as Ali pushes at it
27.3
Pat Cummins to Shoaib Malik, out Caught by Carey!! Sensational catch from Carey! Wow! Catching inside edges as a keeper is never ready as you are generally wrong-footed but he reacted superbly to take a stunning one-handed grab to his left. Superbly done. It was a top nut from Cummins too, the nipbacker that cut back in sharply, slicing Malik into half as he wafted at it. Only managed an inside edge that was pouched brilliantly. What a turnaround this game is witnessing out of nowhere! wkt (5-147) min (4m). Shoaib Malik c Carey b Pat Cummins 0(2)
27.2
Pat Cummins to Shoaib Malik, no run, very full and angling into Malik who digs it out down the track
27.1
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, 1 run, direct hit and Shoaib Malik was a goner! Warner usually doesn't miss direct hits but here he does and that saves the new batsman. Sarfaraz had punched this towards cover and the run was always a risky one, especially with Warner in the inner ring. The Aussie was quick to attack the ball and fired the throw in a jiffy
26.6
Finch to Hafeez, out Caught by Starc!! Professor Hafeez, what have you done? If Imam found a way to get out, his senior partner has almost played a shot that suggested 'Get me out of here!'. Bizarre, bizarre stuff! A juicy full toss from Finch and it should been clubbed out of the park to be honest. However, Hafeez doesn't get hold of it properly and ends up finding Starc at deep mid-wicket with precision. He was quite close to the ropes but was aware of his position and judged it well. Pakistan are imploding wkt (4-146) min (69m). Hafeez c Starc b Finch 46(49) [4s-3 6s-1]
26.5
Finch to Sarfaraz, 1 run, rank long hop but Sarfaraz was already backing away and hence, can't really capitalize on the pull. Miscues it to deep mid-wicket, one bounce
26.4
Finch to Hafeez, 1 run, drops it short outside off, slaps it off the back foot to sweeper cover
26.3
Finch to Sarfaraz, 1 run, flatter one on leg stump, glanced towards the short fine leg fielder
26.2
Finch to Sarfaraz, no run, stumping missed! Carey fumbled a bit and by the time he whipped off the bails, Sarfaraz's back foot got back in. He was backing away for the drive and the extra bounce undid him, beating the edge and although it was a sharp chance, Carey should have capitalized on it
26.1
Finch to Sarfaraz, FOUR, first ball of the skipper-to-skipper challenge and Sarfaraz aces it. Gets down on his knees for the sweep and places it wide of short fine leg. Easy runs. Not sure if this is a wise move to bowl spin to a new batsman. They missed a trick early against Hafeez as well by doing the same
25.6
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, 1 run, just past gully! There was a fielder placed strategically for such a lapse but Sarfaraz gets lucky. Went hard on the drive away from the body and was never in control of this one. However, the thickish edge evades the fielder and races down to third man
25.5
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, no run, dug in short and well-directed from Cummins, Sarfaraz wisely ducks under the bumper
25.4
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, no run, shortish and Sarfaraz rises for the back foot punch but mistimes the shot to cover
25.3
Pat Cummins to Hafeez, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Hafeez glides it with an open face down to third man
25.2
Pat Cummins to Sarfaraz, 1 run, shortish and angling in on leg stump, worked away behind square leg for a single
25.1
Pat Cummins to Imam, out Caught by Carey!! What a soft dismissal! Imam cannot believe what he has done. Australia won't mind though, they've broken through this increasingly frustrating partnership and have an end to work with. Was an effort ball from Cummins but the line was down the leg-side, perhaps the pace hurried Imam who got late on the pull. Only managed to glove it and Carey won't miss out on such chances wkt (3-136) min (107m). Imam c Carey b Pat Cummins 53(75) [4s-7]
24.6
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, worked away towards deep square leg
24.5
Coulter Nile to Imam, FOUR, goes big and it almost goes all the way! Wanted to break the shackles and charges down for the loft. Slices it over mid-off, one bounce into the hoardings. 50 for Imam, his fifth in ODIs! Solid knock so far but he has to carry on
24.4
Coulter Nile to Imam, no run, past the edge! Imam is fancying the late cut quite a bit in recent overs but isn't able to connect. Perhaps needs to tighten up just a bit. This time the room wasn't there for the shot as he dabbed at it
24.3
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 1 run, back of a length outside off, steered with an open face down to third man
24.2
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 2 runs, edged but just wide of slip! Only one man in the cordon and this beats him comfortably towards the third man region. Seemed like a boundary initially but Cummins put in a sensational dive to save a brace for his side. Brilliant fielding! Was another good delivery from Coulter Nile, good a hint of outward shape and some bounce from a good length as Hafeez pushed tentatively at it
24.1
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, deceptive bouncer and Hafeez was clearly surprised as he went for the pull. Ended up getting late on the shot as it just flew over the top edge
23.6
Pat Cummins to Imam, no run, pitched right up this time and the straight drive is stopped nicely by Cummins in his followthrough
23.5
Pat Cummins to Imam, no run, attacks the off pole this time with a good length ball, Imam is tight in his defence to cover
23.4
Pat Cummins to Imam, no run, beaten once again! Zips off the pitch from a good length as Imam tries to late cut it. Probably got hurried for pace and was also undone by the length which wasn't there for the shot
23.3
Pat Cummins to Hafeez, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Hafeez punches it on the up off the back foot to sweeper cover
23.2
Pat Cummins to Imam, 1 run, a bit too straight in terms of line, back of a length and Imam clips it through backward square leg
23.1
Pat Cummins to Imam, no run, peach! Cummins gets it to angle across Imam from a good length and he gets beaten on the outside edge
22.6
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, shortish and on middle and leg, blocked off the back foot to mid-on
22.5
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 2 runs, quite full on off stump and Hafeez is in a tangle as he looks to initially play across the line. Adjusts with a check-drive and the timing is still good enough to beat Coulter Nile. Mid-off and mid-on chase it with the former getting to it eventually
22.4
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, angling in on off stump, Hafeez defends it off the back foot in front of mid-on and Lyon attacks the ball to prevent the single
22.3
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, angling across a good length outside off, steered down to third man
22.2
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 1 run, dug in short and once again, Hafeez gets rushed on the bumper. Skews the pull over mid-wicket
22.1
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, direct hit could have been close! Lyon, the sub, has a shy at the bowler's end but misses. Na, replays show that Imam was easily in anyways. Pushed this fuller ball with a straight bat and with mid-off at the edge of the ring, the single was always on
21.6
Starc to Hafeez, no run, sharp bumper and it's quite high as well, Hafeez ducks as Carey leaps fully to take it. Seemed like a wide to me but the square leg umpire reckons it's alright. Hafeez has a wry smile
21.5
Starc to Imam, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Imam waits to steer this down to third man
21.4
Starc to Imam, no run, goes really full this time and Imam was stuck on the crease as he dug this out towards short mid-wicket
21.3
Starc to Imam, FOUR, smashing shot! This was asking to be hit, short and wide, and Imam obliges. Clobbers the cut through backward point and it races across the quick outfield
21.2
Starc to Imam, no run, back of a length closer to off stump, Imam rises on his toes and defends
21.1
Starc to Hafeez, 1 run, miscues the pull as the short ball hurries onto Hafeez but he manages to get it into the vacant backward square leg region
20.6
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 1 run, hint of outward shape from a good length and Hafeez plays it late with an open bat face. Beats the diving backward point and third man gets across
20.6
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, wide, tries the cutter but it's well wide outside off and Hafeez cannot reach it. Second wide of the over
20.5
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, shortish and on off stump, Hafeez sits back and blocks it out
20.4
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, fuller this time and it's jammed towards the short cover fielder
20.3
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, shortish and outside off, Hafeez hangs back and fends it awkwardly towards cover
20.2
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, shortish length ball on the hips and Imam tucked it softly towards backward square leg. There was a brace for the taking but he slips after completing the first run
20.2
Coulter Nile to Imam, wide, down the track goes Imam and Coulter Nile responds with a shortish length ball but it's sliding down leg
20.1
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 1 run, direct hit at the keeper's end but Imam is well in. Was a shortish length delivery that Hafeez dabbed towards backward point and they pinched a single
19.6
Starc to Imam, no run, 144kph, slingy attempted yorker on middle. Pushed out in defence to mid-on
19.5
Starc to Imam, no run, 139kph, neat bumper. Good angle as well, making Imam duck
19.5
Starc to Imam, wide, fs 147kph off a sharp back of a length, but wastes all of it down leg
19.4
Starc to Imam, no run, 143kph, full on off. Driven firmly to mid-off
19.3
Starc to Hafeez, 1 run, 139kph, pulled uppishly, one-legged, but not with a lot of control, down to square leg in the deep
19.2
Starc to Hafeez, no run, 146kph, good length on middle. Settled block back
19.1
Starc to Imam, 1 run, squared up. Hurries into Imam, who tries getting behind it, but is still opened up with the ball seaming away to take the outside edge to third man
18.6
K Richardson to Imam, 1 run, presses forward, bat-pad stuck to place his defence between point and cover
18.6
K Richardson to Imam, wide, s 130kph, down leg, well down in fact
18.5
K Richardson to Imam, FOUR, 129kph, lots of width, plus a short sitting up length as well. Imam crashes hard, throwing the kitchen sink into his cut, with enough power in the end to beat third man's slide into the fence
18.4
K Richardson to Hafeez, 1 run, 130kph, hops, tucking it off the tummy through square leg
18.3
K Richardson to Imam, 1 run, 130kph, lines himself up beside to dab it down to third man. Pakistan > 100
18.2
K Richardson to Hafeez, 1 run, 129kph, back of a length just outside off. A wafty punch backward of point
18.1
K Richardson to Imam, 1 run, tummy-lined. Nudged away with the angle behind square
17.6
Maxwell to Hafeez, no run, full on the toes, clipped away softly to square leg .. 14 off this over
17.5
Maxwell to Imam, 1 run, steps out, yorking himself to an extent as he squeezes it down the ground
17.4
Maxwell to Hafeez, 1 run, adjusts to the spin into the pads to tickle it through square leg
17.3
Maxwell to Hafeez, SIX, down, and then downtown. He's right to the pitch of it, swinging bat to tonk it high and deep into the sightscreen
17.2
Maxwell to Hafeez, FOUR, brave sweep. It's very much on the middle-stump, but Hafeez is quick to shuffle and then sit behind it to sweep it perfectly into the empty square leg
17.1
Maxwell to Hafeez, 2 runs, flat, quick, but short. Hafeez has the time to adjust on the back foot as he moves away in the crease and then punches it crisply, square of the wicket
16.6
K Richardson to Hafeez, 1 run, more of a jump beside, opening up the empty point region with a well-timed jumping punch on the up
16.5
K Richardson to Hafeez, no run, 132kph, stays on the back-foot, carving it away to point
16.4
K Richardson to Hafeez, no run, back short. Hopping, riding defence down under his nose
16.3
K Richardson to Hafeez, FOUR, proper overcook. Hafeez leans in, holding his pose in the free-est of cover drives, absolutely nailing it into extra cover
16.2
K Richardson to Imam, 1 run, 130kph, knocks it in front of mid-on and then takes Finch (of all people) on, all for just a quick single. Has to dive eventually, and is lucky there isn't a direct hit
16.1
K Richardson to Hafeez, 1 run, 128kph, back of a length to start off with, climbing sharply after, which Hafeez then rides and drops neatly right at his feet to pinch a quick one
15.6
Maxwell to Hafeez, 1 run, drifting in full on middle. Hafeez clears his front leg, digging out his drive to mid-off
15.5
Maxwell to Hafeez, no run, backs away, but still gets cramped up for room with the ball spinning back in. Settles to dab it to backward point
15.4
Maxwell to Imam, 1 run, loopy, full outside off and Imam caresses it through the covers
15.3
Maxwell to Imam, no run, shorter. Imam can't cut it right though, picking cover perfectly
15.2
Maxwell to Imam, no run, opens up his bat face a touch, but will continue staying loyal to yet another forward block
15.1
Maxwell to Imam, no run, tossed up on off. Checked forward defence to cover
14.6
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, 135kph, beats him. Hafeez has half a defence off the back foot, with the ball whizzing off the surface against the earlier incoming angle, past
14.5
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, 136kph, overpitched outside off. Imam can't get under it though, squeezing off the toe-end through sweeper
14.4
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 1 run, 134kph, back of a length outside off, stabbed down to third man
14.3
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, 134kph, sixth-stumped and a good length. A hopping, stump-covering leave
14.2
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 2 runs, 131kph, back of a length, sticking in the pitch, makin Hafeez hold onto his pull -- which to his credit is neatly controlled through mid-wicket
14.1
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, nipping in off the pitch onto the pads, turned away through square leg
13.6
Maxwell to Hafeez, FOUR, big jump down, and then a move away too to get the ball in his slot to slice uppishly through extra cover. Barely bothers keeping it down either
13.5
Maxwell to Hafeez, no run, skips away after skipping in front at first. Then dabs it away to short third man
13.4
Maxwell to Imam, 1 run, soft opened tap in front of point, good enough to take that fielder on
13.3
Maxwell to Imam, no run, big forward press, opening up a stern defence to point
13.2
Maxwell to Hafeez, 1 run, wide tease outside off, sliced away through an empty point
13.1
Maxwell to Imam, 1 run, too straight, tucked softly round the corner
12.6
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, beaten big. A heavy length just outside off, forcing Hafeez into a poke, only to straighten past off the pitch
12.5
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, 133kph, angles across, and Imam shuffles, gets close and slaps it away backward of point
12.4
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, 1 run, 136kph, sharp in-cut and some sharp bounce too. Raps Hafeez on the gloves as he's hurried into a one-handed fend away behind square leg
12.3
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, hurries into him on the back foot, as he jabs his bat down in defence, down the pitch
12.2
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, wild aimlessly loose slash. Lots of width, a sitting up length as well, but Hafeez throws his bat out to it without any sort of feet movement, missing all ends up
12.1
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, 134kph, full, tailing in a touch on off. Hafeez knocks it to mid-on, bat-pad stuck
11.6
Maxwell to Hafeez, 1 run, filthy short drag down. Hafeez though stays polite, focussing on placing his heave behind square
11.5
Maxwell to Imam, 1 run, floats it wider, making Imam reach out further, which he does, to caress out to deep sweeper
11.4
Maxwell to Imam, no run, a stuck-out forward defence, pushing it away to point
11.3
Maxwell to Imam, no run, driven with more intent, but straight to cover
11.2
Maxwell to Hafeez, 1 run, spinning in from middle, short enough too to allow Hafeez stay inside the crease and tuck it through square leg
11.1
Maxwell to Imam, 1 run, loopy outside off. A waiting dab to short third man
10.6
Coulter Nile to Hafeez, no run, 139kph, a hopping steer off the splice to backward point
10.5
Coulter Nile to Babar Azam, out Caught by K Richardson!! It was all style for as long as it lasted, and life - as cruel as it is - ends with Babar's first real bad shot. Coulter Nile goes short, head-high, in fact would've been a wide had Azam bothered leaving, but no, in his momentum of confidence that he was carrying through, he goes to pull this, gets a thick top-edge and picks out fine leg perfectly waiting at the boundary wkt (2-56) min (37m). Babar Azam c K Richardson b Coulter Nile 30(28) [4s-7]
10.4
Coulter Nile to Babar Azam, no run, 135kph, fifth-stumped and holding its line. Left
10.3
Coulter Nile to Babar Azam, FOUR, oh shot -- the mother of grace. A really cramping good length delivery without any room, but Azam in all style holds his high-elbowed pose to punch it with utter ease, down the ground
10.2
Coulter Nile to Babar Azam, no run, 132kph, a tad short and outside off, sway-away-worthy
10.1
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, fullish on off, defended in front of mid-off
9.6
K Richardson to Babar Azam, FOUR, appalling finish to the over. Hit-me ball down leg, Aussie bowlers have been very generous in the last few overs and Azam says thank you, sending it past the man at 45
9.5
K Richardson to Babar Azam, no run, poked softly to point
9.4
K Richardson to Babar Azam, no run, oh my word! This has swung back into Azam and cramps him for room. Azam didn't anticipate that to come back in, hopped back and defend it awkwardly off the inside half which drops close to the stumps. That's a sharp indipper from Richardson
9.3
K Richardson to Imam, 1 run, gives some width outside off, Imam uses the pace and opens his bat face to dink it to third man
9.2
K Richardson to Imam, no run, wobbly seam short of length delivery, rearing up outside off and Imam keeps his bat inside the line allowing it to pass
9.1
K Richardson to Imam, no run, rifled fuller from round the wicket just outside off, half-hearted defence back to the bowler
8.6
Coulter Nile to Imam, 1 run, shorter and outside off, glided away to third man
8.5
Coulter Nile to Imam, no run, pushed to mid-on
8.4
Coulter Nile to Imam, no run, scrambled seam length delivery, gaining some extra bounce and hits Imam high on the bat which ruffled him a bit
8.3
Coulter Nile to Imam, no run, back of a length outside off, Imam jumps back and dabs it to cover
8.2
Coulter Nile to Imam, leg byes, 4, shocker from Coulter Nile and he knows it. Splays it down leg, easy pickings for Imam as he tickles it to the fine leg fence. In fact, it's given as leg-byes, so it's come off the pads
8.1
Coulter Nile to Babar Azam, 1 run, 133kph, fuller length and straightens a wee bit, squaring up Azam. Gets a soft outside edge which pistols away to third man
7.6
K Richardson to Imam, no run, keeps it short and it nips away outside off. Imam was looking to pull but withdraws from the stroke belatedly
7.5
K Richardson to Babar Azam, 1 run, short at the body, meaty pull through mid-wicket. But there's man in the deep
7.4
K Richardson to Babar Azam, no run, shortens his length and digs it outside off, patted off the back foot
7.3
K Richardson to Babar Azam, FOUR, Richardson was guilty of bowling it on leg-stump on the previous ball, somehow got away but no reprieve this time. Azam knew the fielder was inside the ring, moves across his stumps and nudges it past the man at 45
7.2
K Richardson to Imam, 1 run, tucked away to deep backward square leg
7.1
K Richardson to Imam, no run, Richardson instantly produces an outside edge which doesn't carry to Smith at second slip. Pitched up, moved away slightly off the deck and Imam goes for the drive without bothering to cover for the swing. Luckily, he went with soft hands and hence it didn't carry
6.6
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, fullish and on middle, driven to mid-on
6.5
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, cross-seamer, angling in. Blocked from the crease
6.4
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, full again outside off, Azam meets his block off the outer half which trickles away to point
6.3
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, Cummins corrects his line and keeps it fuller outside off, defended off the front foot
6.2
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, FOUR, this is straight out of the manual. Magnificent from Azam, displays his class yet again. Very full outside off, Azam gets his front foot across, keeps his balance and sublimely drives it to the left of the mid-off
6.1
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, length, straighter at 134kph. Azam dead-bats it under his eyes
5.6
Starc to Imam, FOUR, third boundary which could dent Starc's confidence. But he has to take the blame all himself. Hit-me delivery down leg, inswinger went haywire and Imam tickles it very fine
5.5
Starc to Imam, no run, short, taking off just outside off and Imam shoulders arms
5.4
Starc to Imam, FOUR, the aggressive instinct rubbing onto Imam as well. But this was a poor delivery from Starc, landing the half-volley on the stumps and Imam skips across to whip it through mid-wicket
5.3
Starc to Imam, FOUR, top-edge and flies over the keeper. 144kph, spicy short ball rising towards Imam's torso but he isn't intimidated by the bounce. Rocks back and tries to pull, but it's too pacy and gets a top-edge to his benefit
5.2
Starc to Imam, no run, beaten. This short of length delivery, seams away just enough to elude Imam's standing punch
5.1
Starc to Imam, no run, back of a length and outside off, blocked cautiously
4.6
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, FOUR, marvellous! Early statement here from Azam. Juicy half-volley from Cummins, outside off. Azam gets his body momentum forward and creams it off the middle past extra cover. Everything in sync there - balance, head position and timing
4.5
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, inclines his bat across and allows for the ball to arrive before dropping it in front of cover
4.4
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, cutting back into the right-hander, Azam remains unfazed as he defends it off the back foot
4.3
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, fraction fuller than previous ball, Azam comes on the front foot and blunts it neatly
4.2
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, length delivery, Azam waits and blocks it from the crease
4.1
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, FOUR, exquisite drive from Azam. So crunchy.. props forward, takes this overpitched delivery and opens his bat face to stylishly drive it through the empty cover region
3.6
Starc to Imam, no run, thrice now. Wicket-to-wicket line, this was almost a blockhole delivery. Imam quickly takes his bat down to ease it to mid-on
3.5
Starc to Imam, no run, 145kph, the pace might have dipped a bit but the line is accurate at the stumps. Bunted with a steady head to mid-on
3.4
Starc to Imam, no run, 146kph, full-tilt from Starc. Targetting the stumps, Imam responds with a straight-batted knock to mid-on
3.3
Starc to Imam, FOUR, woah. Imam deals with a Starc short ball with ridiculous ease. The key was getting on top of it early and shows no respect thereafter, smoking it over mid-wicket
3.2
Starc to Imam, no run, inswinger from Starc, sliding on middle. Closed bat-face tuck to square leg
3.1
Starc to Imam, no run, back of a length, angling in. Punched from the crease to cover
2.6
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, blocks off the final ball of the over from the crease
2.5
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, FOUR, fiery slap from Azam. Cricket's equivalent of a slap on the face. Effortless and dominent. Identifies a fodder, realizes that there's plenty of width for the taking and accepts it with glee. Creaming it uppishly but in the gap through cover
2.4
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, wobbling away just outside off, left alone
2.3
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, slightly fuller just outside off, holds its line after pitching and Azam with a brave
2.2
Pat Cummins to Babar Azam, no run, goodish length very close to off, defended with an angled bat to cover
2.1
Pat Cummins to Fakhar Zaman, out Caught by K Richardson!! There is the reward. Cummins might have got the breakthrough but can't write off Starc's contribution here. The scoreboard pressure taking a toll on Zaman as well. Throws the kitchen sink at the outswinger which kept nibbling away from the left-hander. Only manages an outside edge which is so thick that it goes straight down the throat of third man. Richardson, unlike Pakistan's fielders doesn't make any blip running across the boundary and completes a fine catch. The Aussies are pumped, they have struck early wkt (1-2) min (12m). Fakhar Zaman c K Richardson b Pat Cummins 0(3)
1.6
Starc to Imam, no run, yet again.. but got to feel for Imam. This was virtually unplayable. Marginally fuller and in the corridor just outside off. Gets it to hold its line after pitching fooling Imam as he goes after it, only to miss the outside edge
1.5
Starc to Imam, no run, there's the lapse of concentration from Imam and nearly paid for it. Length, late tail just outside off and Imam goes chasing, barely any feet and it was so close to the outside edge
1.4
Starc to Imam, no run, adheres to the one that shapes in at the stumps. Imam brings his bat down in a smooth arc to push it to mid-on
1.3
Starc to Imam, no run, 147kph, another pacy away-seamer just outside off. Imam is in no mood to flirt with these
1.2
Starc to Imam, no run, inswinger, getting it too straight. Clipped to mid-wicket
1.1
Starc to Imam, no run, good line from Starc to begin with. Tailing it away around fifth stump line, nice shape and Imam holds his bat inside the line
0.6
Pat Cummins to Fakhar Zaman, no run, beauty from Cummins. Similar line, straightens just outside off and beats Zaman on the outside edge
0.5
Pat Cummins to Fakhar Zaman, no run, impeccable line from Cummins. Gets back to the outswinger for Zaman. Wisely left alone
0.4
Pat Cummins to Imam, 1 run, first legitimate runs for Imam. Cummins tries the inswinger and ends up overcooking it, in fact overburning it by drifting it on the pads. Glanced happily to fine leg, who collects it on the bounce
0.3
Pat Cummins to Imam, no run, tighter line, short of a good length on off. Blocked stubbornly off the back foot
0.2
Pat Cummins to Imam, no run, Cummins back to the probing line. Swinging away in the corridor of uncertainty and Imam keeps his bat inside the line making sure it doesn't scrap the outside edge
0.1
Pat Cummins to Imam, no run, lively bouncer as if he meant it. Kicking off sharply off the deck and loops over Imam's attempted pull
0.1
Pat Cummins to Imam, no ball, what's with so many no-balls today? Inauspicious start from Cummins but it's a very harsh call from the umpire, he definitely had some part of his heel behind the line. Anyway, nothing can be done now and free-hit beckons for Imam. It was a back of a length nipping in the channel just outside off and it's solidly defended from the crease
Commentary
Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Asif Ali,Fakhar Zaman,Shaheen Afridi,Hasan Ali
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,K Richardson,Shaun Marsh,Carey
