49.6
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, 1 run, no, but England finish with 397, yorker length delivery outside off and it's scythed away wide of cover - there's a man in the deep and it's just a single
49.5
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, SIX, Mo is ending in some style, Zadran missed his length by a fraction, Moeen gets under the length and clips it high and over mid-wicket - Big boundaries but the ball sailed over the ropes
49.4
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, SIX, clubbed, nothing is working for Afghanistan at the moment - slower ball, but it's right in the arc for Ali, makes room and swings it away - high and over mid-wicket for a maximum
49.4
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, wide, another high bouncer from Zadran, but it's too short and way too high, sailed over Moeen's head and it's called as a wide
49.3
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, FOUR, more runs for Moeen, banged in short and kept climbing at him, Moeen wasn't in a great position on the pull, late on the shot and the top-edge lobs over the keeper - more pain for the Afghans
49.2
Dawlat Zadran to Woakes, 1 run, slower short ball from Zadran, Woakes backed away and got a thick inside edge onto his ribs - the ball was rolling back towards the bowler, Moeen Ali called him through and he would have been well short had Zadran thrown the stumps down
49.1
Dawlat Zadran to Stokes, out Bowled!! A perfect yorker and Stokes has been castled - this was full and this one dipped late into the left-hander, Stokes played all around the ball as he swung across the line - went underneath the frailing bat and crashed into the leg-stump wkt (6-378) min (14m). Stokes b Dawlat Zadran 2(6)
48.6
Rashid Khan to Moeen Ali, SIX, clubbed - Rashid ends his day with none for 110 - the worst figures by any bowler in WC history - tossed up outside off, Moeen got a big stride across and heaved it over mid-wicket, went a long way over the ropes
48.5
Rashid Khan to Stokes, 1 run, dropped short and on Stokes's pads, pulled away behind square on the on-side for a single
48.4
Rashid Khan to Stokes, no run, chance? It doesn't really matter for Afghanistan at this stage - dropped short and well outside off, Stokes makes room for the cut, think he got a thick edge, in and out of Ikram Ali's gloves
48.3
Rashid Khan to Stokes, no run, appeal for a stumping and the third umpire will have a look. Did Stokes overbalance himself, is his feet on the line? The third umpire is having a close look, think it's on the line, but will Stokes get the benefit of doubt? More views and the decision is NOT OUT. The wrong 'un from Rashid, dropped short and well outside off, Stokes took a step forward and then missed his hoick, dragged his foot out in the process, but managed to drag it back in before the keeper broke the bails
48.2
Rashid Khan to Moeen Ali, 1 run, Rashid drops one short and well wide of off, Moeen makes room and went hard on the cut, mistimed it to long-off
48.1
Rashid Khan to Moeen Ali, SIX, Rashid has a hundred against his name - a day to forget, tossed up invitingly outside off, Moeen leans forward and thumps it high and over long-off for a maximum
47.6
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, 1 run, back of a length and well outside off, another slower ball from Zadran, mistimed hack towards mid-off for a single
47.6
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, wide, change of pace from Zadran, but he slips this one down the leg-side, Moeen was looking to hack and missed, called as a wide
47.5
Dawlat Zadran to Moeen Ali, no run, short of a length and well outside off, steered straight to the fielder at backward point
47.4
Dawlat Zadran to Buttler, out Caught by Mohammad Nabi!! A rush of wickets for Afghanistan towards the end - the back of the hand slower ball from Zadran, no pace for Buttler to work with - set himself up for the shovel and mistimed it badly - so badly that it lobbed into the hands of Mohammad Nabi at mid-off. No real celebrations in the Afghan camp - they have been on a hiding to nothing wkt (5-362) min (8m). Buttler c Mohammad Nabi b Dawlat Zadran 2(2)
47.3
Dawlat Zadran to Buttler, 2 runs, the perfect yorker fgrom Zadran, but those go for runs at this stage, right at the base of leg-stump - Buttler jams his bat down and squirts an inside edge behind square on the on-side for a couple
47.2
Dawlat Zadran to Stokes, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Stokes swivels across and pulls it down to long leg for a single
47.1
Dawlat Zadran to Stokes, no run, change of pace from Zadran, slower short ball outside off, Stokes went for the reverse paddle and is done in by the lack of pace
46.6
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, out Caught by Rahmat!! That's the end of the Morgan show - Another good length delivery outside off, Morgan reached out on the lofted drive - for once, he didn't get hold of the shot, hit it flat and straight into the hands of Rahmat at long-off. Once again, OT rises in applause - end of a superb knock wkt (4-359) min (77m). Morgan c Rahmat b Gulbadin Naib 148(71) [4s-4 6s-17]
46.5
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, SIX, that's the record for Morgan, 17th six of the innings - most by any batsman, length delivery outside off and he wasn't letting it go - gets underneath the length ball and clubs it flat and into the ropes - hits it on the full and Old Trafford is up in delight
46.4
Gulbadin Naib to Root, out Caught by Rahmat!! Holed out at long-on! A slower ball from Gulbadin Naib, it was actually in the slot to be deposited. Root, though, failed to generate the required power. A straightforward catch to Rahmat. The classy batsman misses his ton by 12 r wkt (3-353) min (155m). Root c Rahmat b Gulbadin Naib 88(82) [4s-5 6s-1]
46.3
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, 1 run, yorker length delivery at the stumps, Morgan eases it down towards long-on for a single
46.2
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, SIX, clubbed, that's his 16th six, that equals the record for most number of sixes in an ODI match - change of pace from Gulbadin Naib, but it was right in the slot and Morgan clubbed it high and wide of long-on
46.1
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, SIX, smashed, length ball outside off, Morgan gets a big stride forward and drills it high and over long-off for a maximum
45.6
Dawlat Zadran to Root, no run, short, spitting up and beats Root's attempted reverse-sweep comprehensively
45.5
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, 1 run, full outside off, driven away to long-off
45.4
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, FOUR, short, slow and Morgan continues going about his merry way. Waits, reaches out and then absolutely thrashes it away through point
45.3
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, SIX, quickly makes room and then goes through with yet-another monstrous lofted cart over long-off
45.2
Dawlat Zadran to Root, 1 run, slower short ball. Pulled away through square leg
45.1
Dawlat Zadran to Root, FOUR, oh it's a mere chip. The ball's just too full and Root gets forward to it in extending a lofted drive, over mid-off
45.1
Dawlat Zadran to Root, wide, slower ball that slides down leg, Root can't get bat on it
44.6
Rashid Khan to Morgan, SIX, bang down the ground! Rashid can't catch a break. His googly is in the slot outside off, and Morgan has collected another six in the V between long-on and long-off. What batting
44.5
Rashid Khan to Morgan, 2 runs, back in the crease now to cut this for a couple through point
44.4
Rashid Khan to Morgan, SIX, this is extraordinary batting. To treat Rashid like he's done today is special. Down on the back knee, smashes the sweep over square leg
44.3
Rashid Khan to Morgan, no run, bit short outside off, skids through from Rashid and beats Morgan on the cut
44.2
Rashid Khan to Root, 1 run, yorker length outside off, squeezed to cover
44.1
Rashid Khan to Root, SIX, Root joins the party. He wasn't even close to the pitch of this, but he picked the googly and calibrated the turn before belting it over midwicket.
43.6
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, 2 runs, pretty full from Gulbadin Naib just outside off, enough to prevent Morgan from getting hold of it. But the England captain is able to slice it over mid-off's head for two
43.5
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, the bottom hand came off as Root wanted to drill this low full toss down the ground. Mistimes it to long-on
43.4
Gulbadin Naib to Root, no run, slower leg-cutter outside off, Root flat-bats it to mid-off
43.3
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, 1 run, shuffles across, receives a low full toss near the ankles and whips it to deep midwicket
43.2
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, punched through the covers
43.1
Gulbadin Naib to Root, FOUR, walks across the stumps and scoops this length ball over short fine leg. Got right under the length there
42.6
Rashid Khan to Morgan, SIX, brings up a sensational hundred with a thumping blow over long-on. His ball-striking has been a treat to watch today. Stretches forward to get to this delivery which wasn't exactly in the slot. But incredibly, Morgan retains his power and clears the long boundary as he swings through the line. Big hug from Root. Big applause from the crowd. Played, skip!
42.5
Rashid Khan to Morgan, no run, short outside off, chopped to extra cover. Root came out looking for a single, but was sent back
42.4
Rashid Khan to Morgan, SIX, way back into the crowd. Rashid shakes his head as he walks back. Knows this was an ordinary delivery. Dragged down on leg stump, and walloped over square leg
42.3
Rashid Khan to Morgan, 2 runs, slightly short, turns away outside off, Morgan leans back and cuts it through cover
42.2
Rashid Khan to Morgan, SIX, clears the front leg, takes account of the googly and clubs it straight back for six. Rashid getting a hammering
42.1
Rashid Khan to Root, 1 run, balloons off Root's glove over the keeper. Got down to sweep there, but couldn't get hold of the bounce
41.6
Mujeeb to Morgan, no run, kicks up from back of a length, beats Morgan's attempted dab
41.5
Mujeeb to Morgan, no run, skids through just outside off, carved to short third man
41.4
Mujeeb to Morgan, no run, bit of a soft leading edge from Morgan, rolls through to cover
41.3
Mujeeb to Root, 1 run, makes some room and lofts it towards sweeper cover
41.2
Mujeeb to Morgan, 1 run, the reverse-sweep doesn't carry to short third man where Afghan dived forward and did well to put his body behind it, even as it fell short
41.1
Mujeeb to Root, 1 run, short and wide, Root cuts to deep point
40.6
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, flat at the stumps from Mohammad Nabi, Morgan blocks it from the crease
40.5
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, clips it through square leg
40.4
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, 1 run, fired in on leg, works it to long-on
40.3
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, SIX, Mohammad Nabi goes shorter, which was a response which Morgan expected. He waits on the back foot and pulls. Six more
40.2
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, SIX, huge from Morgan. Down the pitch he comes, has to reach out for it slightly by dint of Mohammad Nabi pulling his length back, but still manages to bludgeon it straight back
40.1
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, cuts this length ball from off stump to backward point
39.6
Mujeeb to Morgan, 1 run, very full on off, Morgan backs away into the on-side, reaches forward, a digs out a wristy whip towards cover for a single
39.5
Mujeeb to Root, 1 run, a bit more air, angling towards off, Root is drawn forward for a push to mid-off - single taken
39.4
Mujeeb to Root, no run, skids through straight, defended off the backfoot
39.4
Mujeeb to Morgan, wide, 2 fired down leg-side, Morgan misses the flick, the ball misses the keeper, and it goes away towards short fine leg for 2 wides
39.3
Mujeeb to Morgan, FOUR, full and angling in towards off, Morgan uses his reach and gets low to sweep it - on top of the bounce - and towards backward square leg for four
39.2
Mujeeb to Morgan, no run, a bit of turn from a good length outside off, fended away with the top-hand towards point
39.1
Mujeeb to Morgan, SIX, not a terrible delivery, fullish and outside off, Morgan just clears his leg and slog-sweeps that high over deep mid-wicket for six. Only just over the rope...
38.6
Mohammad Nabi to Root, no run, on the leg-stump, nudged off the backfoot towards short fine leg
38.5
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, 1 run, shortish, tucked down to long-on off the backfoot for a single
38.4
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, fuller one on the stumps, Root switches stances and sweeps hard in front of a left-hander's square leg for a single
38.3
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, 1 run, lures him forward, and a mistimes chip towards sweeper cover for a single
38.2
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, skids outside off, chopped towards backward point
38.1
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, SIX, fifty for Morgan, and a rather positive way to bring it up! Not the shortest of deliveries, but he's managed to get low and pull it over deep mid-wicket for six. 47th ODI fifty!
37.6
Mujeeb to Morgan, 1 run, on the pads once again, and that's nudged to mid-wicket for a quick single
37.5
Mujeeb to Morgan, no run, shortish, bit of overspin, tapped on the head after backing away towards extra cover
37.4
Mujeeb to Morgan, 2 runs, loopy delivery from round the wicket, angling in but still outside off, Morgan shuffles across to work the angle and sweeps it down towards backward square leg for a couple
37.3
Mujeeb to Morgan, no run, another skidder on the pads, tucked away towards mid-on
37.2
Mujeeb to Root, 1 run, tossed up full outside off, driven away towards sweeper cover for a single
37.1
Mujeeb to Root, no run, skidding through outside off, a late cut to backward point by Root
36.6
Dawlat Zadran to Root, 1 run, another one on the pads, clipped away towards deep square leg for a single
36.5
Dawlat Zadran to Root, 2 runs, short on the body, pulled away to deep mid-wicket for a couple
36.4
Dawlat Zadran to Root, FOUR, oh, the misleading illusion of a crowd booing a ballerina! Short and wide - an elegant jump and a fantastic upper-cut towards the deep backward point boundary for four. Rooooooooooot! - says the crowd!
36.3
Dawlat Zadran to Root, 2 runs, full-toss on middle, clipped away to fine leg for a couple
36.2
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, 1 run, short one, at the fulcrum - the glove - and that's fended away off the glove towards short third man for a single. Hit on that injured finger I think - Morgan winces
36.1
Dawlat Zadran to Root, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched to in front of deep point for a single
35.6
Rashid Khan to Morgan, SIX, dropped short this time, and England will pounce. New England will pounce. Absolutely mauled with a pull over backward square leg for six
35.5
Rashid Khan to Morgan, no run, another googly, turning away from off, a deft late-cut, but not quite in the gap
35.4
Rashid Khan to Morgan, no run, skidder outside off, chopped to short third man
35.3
Rashid Khan to Morgan, SIX, dropped short, insult to injury, and this time it's pulled over deep mid-wicket for six. Nowhere close to Dawlat this time
35.2
Rashid Khan to Morgan, FOUR, oh that's a poor effort by Dawlat! Morgan attempts to slog-sweep with the turn, lots of height, not a lot of distance, and Zadran drops it at deep mid-wicket to allow a boundary
35.1
Rashid Khan to Morgan, 2 runs, skiddy googly, keeping low and wide outside off, Morgan backs away, then gets low, to slap it away towards sweeper cover for a couple
34.6
Dawlat Zadran to Root, no run, low full-toss, Root tries punching through long-off, miscues it off the inside half towards mid-on
34.5
Dawlat Zadran to Root, 2 runs, short, not a lot of pace, Root drags it from outside off and pulls it down to deep mid-wicket - shouts of 'KEEPER! - and there is a decent throw, but but he's managed a couple in the end
34.4
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, 1 run, marginally wide outside off again, steered away late towards square third man for a single
34.3
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, no run, skids away just outside off, Morgan tries a late-cut, gets a healthy edge, but it doesn't carry to Ikram Ali
34.2
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, no run, skids through on middle, Morgan tries pushing into the off-side, gets a thick inside edge onto the pads
34.1
Dawlat Zadran to Morgan, no run, fuller length delivery on off, whip-driven towards mid-off
33.6
Rashid Khan to Morgan, 3 runs, a second googly on the trot, chopped away towards square third man for a treble as Shinwari dives across to save the boundary
33.5
Rashid Khan to Morgan, 2 runs, googling the batsman, but too short, turning away from the lefty, carved away towards deep backward point for a couple of runs
33.4
Rashid Khan to Morgan, no run, another quick skidder on middle, deadbatted compactly
33.3
Rashid Khan to Morgan, no run, skids the backspinner through on middle and leg, and that's a hasty defence off the backfoot
33.2
Rashid Khan to Root, 1 run, short and skiddy, Root's on his knees to guide the pull away towards deep square leg for a single
33.1
Rashid Khan to Morgan, 1 run, loopy, very full on middle, driven down towards long-off for a single
32.6
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, 1 run, tempts him outside off again, Morgan takes the bait, reaches out, and lofts inside out - only to fall just short of long-off. A single it is...
32.5
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, 85km/h, a bit of air on off, nice and full, and that's pushed back off the frontfoot
32.4
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, on the pads this time, nudged away towards short fine leg
32.3
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, flatter and on a good length, deadbatted off the frontfoot
32.2
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, FOUR, floats it up, Morgan shapes up to reverse, gets under it, top-edges it over the man inside the circle to third man for four
32.1
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, shortish on the thigh, tucked to backward square leg, a single - and that's his 5th ODI fifty in the last six innings. 32nd ODI fifty overall.
31.6
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, pitches it short again, pulled away with good control towards cow corner for a single
31.5
Gulbadin Naib to Root, no run, shortish outside off, carved away off the backfoot to backward point
31.4
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, 1 run, another slower one on a short of length, punched off the backfoot to long-on for a single
31.3
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, SIX, overpitches a little, Morgan runs down the wicket, and just nonchalantly lofts it high in the air, straight down the ground, and it lands just inches over the straight boundary for six!
31.2
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, SIX, another 95km/h slower one, (the last one got him a wicket) short, and he's just about done with his backlift - delays his shot - and brings down the short-arm pull over deep mid-wicket for an 96m six!
31.2
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, no ball, oversteps - skiddy one outside off, slapped with a bottom-handed whip towards cover
31.1
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, no run, skids through without width, Morgan tries cutting it away, cramped, chopped onto the boot, the bowler's tries pulling Morgan back (all in good spirit), and there's a flick onto the stumps at the striker's end. No appeal from Afghanistan.
30.6
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 2 runs, skids through from a back of a length, not a lot of width, another rock-back and a carve towards deep backward point for a brace
30.5
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, 1 run, flatter one @92km/h, punched from off-stump off the backfoot towards long-off for a single
30.4
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, skids through marginally wide outside off, left alone by Morgan
30.3
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, a bit of flight, tempting length outside off, Morgan reaches out and tries pushing to cover, gets a thick outside edge way wide of slip
30.2
Mohammad Nabi to Morgan, no run, shortish and flat on the pads, tucked into the on-side
30.1
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, a rare half-tracker with width from Mohammad Nabi, Root rocks back and slaps it away square of the wicket for a single
29.6
Gulbadin Naib to Morgan, no run, 124kph, length, nipping in with the angle from round the wicket, but Morgan will trust the line to stay outside off and leave
29.5
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, out Caught&Bowled!! The 95kph sticker does it. Off the back of Gulbadin Naib's hand and kept short, which Bairstow has clearly misread for a change as he can't hold his punch back any longer. Commits early in front of his body and ends up chipping it straight back to the bowler - who's diving low to collect and then coming up just as quickly to flex his beefed up biceps for the cameras. But Afghanistan, finally, have something to cheer about wkt (2-164) min (115m). Bairstow c and b Gulbadin Naib 90(99) [4s-8 6s-3]
29.4
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, presses forward, stays beside this one to punch his defence to cover
29.3
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 123kph, nips inwards at good pace, with Bairstow getting in a slight hurry as he wrists it to mid-on off the inside half of his clip
29.2
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, leg-cutter. Whipped away to mid-on
29.1
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, 94kph - the slower then military stuff - which is punched through extra cover
28.6
Mujeeb to Bairstow, 2 runs, quicker on the hips, tucked away in front of square
28.5
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, rare flight. Tapped back to the bowler
28.4
Mujeeb to Root, 1 run, again, too full, too straight, straight-driven as he walks down the pitch to, and then walks out to the other end
28.3
Mujeeb to Bairstow, 1 run, too straight a line, and easy tuckings through leg, square leg
28.2
Mujeeb to Root, 1 run, slider on the legs, pushed out, long-on
28.1
Mujeeb to Root, no run, pushes it out of the front of the hand. Root's defending off the back foot
27.6
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 124kph, tightens up on the stumps, which Bairstow tries closing the line to, but no, he'll wrist it straight to mid-wicket
27.5
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, slight width, and carved away through sweeper
27.4
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 1 run, slower with the ball sticking into the surface. Bairstow couldn't care less, he's watching this perfectly, waiting and then nudging it away round the corner
27.3
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 120kph, big forward stride, holding his high elbowed pose as he punches it back to Gulbadin Naib
27.2
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 124kph, drifting down leg, Bairstow checks his clip to short fine leg
27.1
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, good length nipping in on off, dabbed down to third man
26.6
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, moves away to open up the point region, with a slice
26.5
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, wristy, head-leaning-on-ball stuff, wide of mid-on
26.4
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, SIX, spots a dance down and tries to dart it wide outside off. But that just allows Bairstow to free up his arms as he reaches out and then smacks it straight down the ground
26.3
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, takes it on the low full toss as he swipes it away, straight to deep square leg though
26.2
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, leg byes, 1 run, drifts into the legs, which Bairstow tickles off the outside of them to short fine
26.1
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, no run, tries the rock-behind-room-making cut, but nah, the ball spins back in well to deny him the room as he drags it back down the pitch
25.6
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, 1 run, leans forward, with very crisp hard wrists to smash it down the ground
25.5
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, no run, tossed up on off. The front foot bunt down
25.4
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, FOUR, goes too full, gets hammered through the covers and then it's the familiar Afghan trouble - a fielder diving all over the ball, this time with the guy actually doing well to cover good distance, running across from sweeper, but no, alas ..
25.3
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, no run, good forward stride, bat behind in a soft off-defence
25.2
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, no run, hurries into the back-footed Khan with the quick leggie. Will knock it back
25.1
Rashid Khan to Root, 1 run, full on off, whipped with a lot of bottom hand, all along the carpet to long-on
24.6
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, no run, corrects it on a short of length cramping line. Jabbed back
24.5
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, FOUR, rank drag down. Mohammad Nabi gets greedy after keeping things rather tight in this over, but in the process gets his length wrong, allowing Bairstow to get further behind to make it look a lot worse as he heaves it away through mid-wicket
24.4
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, opens up his bat face off the back foot, opening up the region behind point to milk these
24.3
Mohammad Nabi to Root, no run, goes deep inside his crease, still getting hurried up with the ball skidding through as he can only defend it back to Mohammad Nabi in the end
24.2
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, angling across rather slingy-ly. Punched away to long-on
24.1
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, leg-lined, tickled away to the guy at backward square leg in the ring, and again, yet again, the fielder out there slips over and fumbles. It's Mujeeb's turn this time
23.6
Rashid Khan to Root, 1 run, fuller, a reaching stroke through the line, long-off
23.5
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, 1 run, drags it short. Punched away, closing the bat face down to long-on
23.4
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, SIX, another one-knee slog. Rashid gets a touch too straight, once again dishing it in the slot which Bairstow now gets under to loft and smoke back with a proper swinging tonk, long-on obviously
23.3
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, 2 runs, straightens off the pitch with Bairstow foxed into believing it to be the googly -- ends up with a genuine leading edge, running through the slips
23.2
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, FOUR, juiced up half volley. Bairstow's read this alright, going one-kneed and then slogging it flat into cow corner
23.1
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, no run, sharp googly. Bairstow reads it late, squirting out an inisde edge on his defence eventually, running behind square
22.6
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, back, across, tall and punching, long-on
22.5
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, steps down to reach close and the clip it away to long-on
22.4
Mohammad Nabi to Root, no run, presses forward, nudging with the spin to mid-wicket
22.3
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, a bit of loop, which Bairstow will stay behind to in swatting down to long-on
22.2
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, no run, closes in on the stumps, kept out defensively
22.1
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 3 runs, smartly chopped away .. Mohammad Nabi darts it outside off and Root makes quick room in a late cut past the keeper. A rather unconventional dive at the third man boundary cuts off a run
21.6
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 125kph, full on off. Driven through the line, mid-off
21.5
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 2 runs, 124kph, stays back-footed, dragging a fifth-stump line with a wristy punch into cow corner, two worthy
21.4
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 126kph, half a shuffle across in tucking it to mid-wicket
21.3
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 123kph, tummy-lined. An attempted soft knock to leg for those quick singles, but no, both batsmen ain't keen
21.2
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, 124kph, really full. Driven straight back, and there's nothing Gulbadin Naib's dive can do to it
21.1
Gulbadin Naib to Root, no run, 121kph, length on off. A hopping defence it'll be
20.6
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, no run, now a stride up close, smothering
20.5
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, no run, behind, more blocking
20.4
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, no run, pushed behind, as he covers out the line in knocking it away to leg
20.3
Rashid Khan to Root, 1 run, softer hand in another rocked behind punch, this time between cover and point
20.2
Rashid Khan to Root, no run, rocks behind, punching it away to point
20.1
Rashid Khan to Root, 2 runs, full toss up of a googly. Root has the room to reach out to the pitch of it and cream through the covers
19.6
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, FOUR, Bairstow brings up his fifty with a boundary! Pitched up delivery, Bairstow strides forward and neatly drives it to the left of mid-off. The fielder dived to his left, but in vain. Loud applauses at Manchester as Bairstow raises his bat
19.5
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, good length delivery, just a push to long-on from the crease
19.4
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 1 run, length ball on the stumps, Bairstow knocks it to long-on
19.3
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, fuller than a good length ball, Root taps it to backward point and Root says no to a single. In a quest to get to the ball quickly, the backward point fielder fails to gather it cleanly. Allows the batters to take the run eventually. Gulbadin Naib isn't a happy man. 100 up for England!
19.2
Gulbadin Naib to Root, no run, pitched up delivery, clipped to mid-wicket
19.1
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 1 run, 124kph, in-angler on leg and Bairstow is late on his flick, gets an inside edge onto his pad that rolls into the leg-side
18.6
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, 1 run, flat on the stumps, Bairstow hangs back in his crease and punches it to long-on
18.5
Rashid Khan to Bairstow, 2 runs, tossed up delivery, full and outside off at 94kph, Bairstow throws his bat at it and the leg-break takes the outside part of the bat before beating the backward point fielder. Two more to Bairstow's tally
18.4
Rashid Khan to Root, 1 run, stump-to-stump line, dinked to long-on
18.3
Rashid Khan to Root, no run, 94kph, short of length, Root pats it to backward point, who makes a tumbling stop to his right
18.2
Rashid Khan to Root, 2 runs, just a hint of width outside off and that's more than enough for Root to cut it to deep backward point
18.1
Rashid Khan to Root, no run, 97kph dart on leg and Root is late on the pull, struck him on the pad. That's way down leg
17.6
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 125kph, short of length delivery, Bairstow fences it to backward point
17.5
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, 125kph, straying on the pads, worked away to deep square leg with a closed bat-face
17.4
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 1 run, 119kph, Bairstow uses the bowler's width to run it down to third man
17.3
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, fuller than a good length ball, neatly driven but straight to the man in the cover region
17.2
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, FOUR, pumped over the bowler's head. Slower delivery at 101kph, it was overpitched as well. Bairstow picked the change-of-pace, got underneath the ball and hammered it. Gulbadin Naib had to duck under it in his followthrough
17.1
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 129kph, in-angling very full ball, driven firmly but straight to the bowler
16.6
Rahmat to Bairstow, 1 run, 84kph, flatter leg-break and the length is on the shorter side, Bairstow jumps back and cuts it to deep backward point
16.5
Rahmat to Root, 1 run, 84kph, flighted delivery - full and outside off. Driven away to sweeper cover with ease
16.4
Rahmat to Root, 2 runs, loads of width on offer outside off, Root scythes it to deep point for another brace
16.3
Rahmat to Root, 2 runs, 80kph, leg-break, Root allows the ball to do its bit and works it through mid-wicket. Rashid scores a direct-hit at the striker's end, Root was easily in
16.2
Rahmat to Root, FOUR, low, dipping full toss, Root gets really low and sweeps it superbly through the vacant mid-wicket region. Raced away
16.1
Rahmat to Bairstow, 1 run, 84kph, tossed up delivery, Bairstow drills it to long-off
15.6
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 1 run, 127kph, skiddy length ball, Bairstow punches from the crease sans any feet movement, gets a thick outside edge and the ball rolls down to third man
15.5
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 122kph, full ball, Bairstow gets forward and opens his bat-face on his defensive push, finds backward point
15.4
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, off-pace ball, in the blockhole, jammed out back at the bowler
15.3
Gulbadin Naib to Root, 1 run, 120kph, back of a length delivery straying on the pads, helped on its way to long leg
15.2
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 1 run, 128kph, in-slanter from a short of length, punched to long-on
15.1
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, 99kph, slower delivery from a short of length, Bairstow spots it late and jabs it to short mid-wicket
14.6
Mohammad Nabi to Root, no run, Root nurdles this off-break with the spin to backward square leg
14.5
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, turns in and bounces a touch more than Bairstow expects it to. Adjusts and tucks it towards backward square leg for a sharp single
14.4
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, no run, turns in from a length and cramps Bairstow for room. Defended into the off-side off the back foot
14.3
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, 87kph, straighter line, Root tickles to square leg
14.2
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, in-turner from a short of length, Bairstow goes back and straight-pulls it to long-on
14.1
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, 83kph, very full ball, Root is on the walk as he drives it all along the ground to long-on
13.6
Rahmat to Bairstow, no run, quicker delivery from a shortened length and that's been kept out on the off-side
13.5
Rahmat to Bairstow, SIX, Bairstow releses the pressure with a mighty six. Rahmat Shah slightly overpitched and the width allowed the batsman to free his arms. Bairstow, with a half-stride forward and a bent back leg, thumps it straight over the bowler's head
13.4
Rahmat to Root, 1 run, short of length ball at 84kph, punched to sweeper cover
13.3
Rahmat to Root, no run, shorter in length, Root goes back and pats it to backward point
13.2
Rahmat to Bairstow, 1 run, touch too full and outside off, Bairstow comes forward and taps it to cover point for a quick single
13.1
Rahmat to Bairstow, no run, that's a peach! Bairstow is completely bamboozled. It was the leg-break that drifted in and ripped past the defensive blade of Bairstow. Was very close to the off-stump. Superb start
12.6
Gulbadin Naib to Root, no run, 129kph, short of length delivery, Root walks forward and across to bunt it to mid-wicket
12.5
Gulbadin Naib to Root, no run, pitched up delivery, driven back at the bowler
12.4
Gulbadin Naib to Root, no run, almost chopped it on! A length ball outside off at 125kph, Root tries to run it down to third man, but was done in by the lack of bounce. Fortunately for Root, the inside edge evaded the sticks and rolled to the keeper
12.3
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, 1 run, 125kph, sees the width outside off and Bairstow goes for the booming drive well away from his body. The outside edge takes the ball to third man
12.2
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, full and angling in at 123kph, Bairstow blocks it into the off-side
12.1
Gulbadin Naib to Bairstow, no run, Gulbadin Naib starts with a loopy slower delivery - 99kph - full and outside off, Bairstow shoulders arms. The batsman isn't happy with some movement near the sightscreen
11.6
Mohammad Nabi to Root, FOUR, good shot! There was width on offer, Root rocked back in his crease and cut it wide of the backward point fielder. There was extra bounce on this delivery, but Root controlled the shot well. No chance for the sweeper
11.5
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, Bairstow moves towards off and works in the direction of the spin to mid-wicket
11.4
Mohammad Nabi to Root, 1 run, 88kkph, low full toss, drilled to long-on
11.3
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, 1 run, 89kph, flatter in trajectory, Bairstow looks to work it into the leg-side and gets a soft leading edge to short cover
11.2
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, FOUR, hammered! Flighted delivery outside off, fuller in length, Bairstow gets down on a knee and flogs it over mid-wicket. That was struck firmly
11.1
Mohammad Nabi to Bairstow, no run, in-drifter on middle and leg, Bairstow shuffles across a long way and taps it to mid-wicket with a closed bat-face
10.6
Mujeeb to Root, no run, 96kph, fuller in length, Root is happy to stonewall it back towards the bowler
10.5
Mujeeb to Root, no run, 95kph, non-turner attacking the stumps, turned to mid-wicket
10.4
Mujeeb to Root, no run, quick, flat and on the stumps, Root stays in his crease to punch it back to the bowler
10.3
Mujeeb to Bairstow, 1 run, trifle short, Bairstow goes back in his crease to work it to square leg
10.2
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, angles in a fullish ball from wide of the crease, nudged into the leg-side
10.1
Mujeeb to Root, 1 run, tossed up delivery, Root gets forward and turns it in front of square leg
9.6
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, no run, tad fuller and at the stumps, Bairstow closes the bat-face and nudges it to the on-side
9.5
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Bairstow stays still and finds mid-on with the drive - off the inner half
9.4
Dawlat Zadran to Root, 1 run, back of a length and juist outside off, steered away behind square on the off-side for a single
9.4
Dawlat Zadran to Root, wide, Zadran greets Root with a short ball, but it's well over his head and called as a wide
9.3
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, out Caught by Mujeeb!! Mohammad Nabi can breathe easy now - that dropped catch hasn't cost his team a lot, another impressive start from Vince, but he can't convert it into a bigger knock. A very well directed short ball from Zadran, climbing onto the batsman from a length, Vince was trying to pull it off the front-foot, was clearly rushed on the pull and all he managed was a feeble top-edge. A dolly of a catch for Mujeeb at short fine and he holds on, there's that customary check for a possible front-foot no-ball, but Zadran is good on that count as well wkt (1-44) min (37m). James Vince c Mujeeb b Dawlat Zadran 26(31) [4s-3]
9.2
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, 2 runs, short of a length and well wide of off, Vince swivels across and muscles the pull - gets it wide of mid-wicket and rushes back for the second
9.1
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Vince swivelled across on the pull and got a toe-end, an acrobatic dive from the keeper to save some runs
8.6
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, pushed through well outside off, Bairstow gets a big stride forward in defence
8.5
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, tossed up just outside off, Bairstow gets half-a-stride forward in defence
8.4
Mujeeb to James Vince, 1 run, the carrom ball from Mujeeb, fraction too short though and allows Vince to work it to long-on
8.3
Mujeeb to James Vince, no run, flighted delivery outside off, driven back at the bowler
8.2
Mujeeb to Bairstow, 1 run, another fumble - Afghanistan have been sloppy today, tossed up well down leg, Bairstow went down low on the sweep and hit it straight to short fine
8.1
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, tossed up well outside off, Bairstow gets close to the ball and drives it to mid-off
7.6
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, on a good length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
7.5
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, 2 runs, chance? But Mohammad Nabi has completely misjudged the skier - didn't pick it in the air and was running across everywhere from deep mid-wicket - by the time, he picked the ball, he was too far away from attempting to catch it. A back of a length delivery outside off and Vince swung across the line, massive top-edge and the ball swirled over mid-wicket - should have come in, Mohammad Nabi, instead, he was lumbering all across the ropes
7.4
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, 2 runs, on a good length and well wide of off, Vince stands tall and drives it towards cover-point - Najibullah doesn't get his body behind the ball and concedes a couple of runs
7.3
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, the slower bouncer from Zadran, Vince watches it harmlessly lob through to the keeper
7.2
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, FOUR, lovely, pitched up and around the off-stump line, Vince leans forward, presents a straight bat and lifts it over mid-off, couple of bounces and over the ropes
7.1
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Vince gets half-forward and defends it towards mid-on
6.6
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, slower and around the off-stump channel, Bairstow leans well forward as he defends
6.5
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, Mujeeb tosses one on the stumps, Bairstow leans well forward as he defends
6.4
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, tossed up on off, Bairstow leans forward on the defensive block
6.3
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, was it the leg-break? It stuck on the pitch and Bairstow had to bail out of his attempted pull, harmlessly goes through to the keeper
6.3
Mujeeb to Bairstow, wide, pushed through shorter and wider of off, around the tramlines and Bairstow lets it go - called as a wide
6.2
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, flighted on off, Bairstow goes right back and defends it with a straight bat
6.1
Mujeeb to James Vince, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, Vince plays with a closed face and nudges it in front of short fine for a single
5.6
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Vince swivels across and doesn't bother to keep the pull on the ground, landed well in front of the fielder at deep mid-wicket
5.5
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, fraction fuller and wider of off, punched straight to the fielder at cover-point
5.4
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, FOUR, thumped, back of a length and well outside off, Vince takes a stride forward and drills it back past the bowler - was in the air but well wide of mid-off
5.3
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, 1 run, short of a length and well wide of off, punched off the back-foot and to the left of mid-off for a single
5.2
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, no run, fuller length delivery on off, Bairstow stays in his crease and drives it to mid-on
5.1
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, FOUR, more runs for Bairstow - dropped short and at the stumps, Bairstow didn't get hold of the pull, but has enough to beat mid-wicket - diving to his right. There's a man in the deep, but he's pretty square and has no chance
4.6
Mujeeb to James Vince, no run, tossed up well outside off, Vince gets a good stride forward and finds mid-off with the drive
4.5
Mujeeb to James Vince, no run, fraction short and a hint of turn from off, Vince goes right back in defence
4.4
Mujeeb to Bairstow, 1 run, flighted on the leg-stump line, nudged backward of square on the on-side for a run
4.3
Mujeeb to Bairstow, FOUR, beautifully played, tad too full and wide of off, bowled from the back of the hand - Bairstow leans forward, gets close to the ball and finds the gap wide of mid-off for a boundary, that should get him going
4.2
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, nicely flighted outside off, Bairstow gets a good stride forward on the block
4.1
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, tossed up well outside off, Bairstow leans across and pushes it to the off-side
3.6
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, tight line from Zadran and Vince pushes it to mid-on
3.5
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, fraction fuller and at the stumps, Vince leans half-forward and pushes it to mid-on
3.4
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Vince leans forward and finds mid-off with a firm punch
3.3
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, Zadran shortens his length outside off, Vince stands tall and punches it back at the bowler
3.2
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, Bairstow swivels across and pulls it to deep mid-wicket for a single
3.1
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Bairstow covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
2.6
Mujeeb to Bairstow, 3 runs, tad too full and wide of off, Bairstow reaches out, gets close to the ball and drives it to the left of mid-off - the fielder slides and takes the pace off the ball, but Bairstow is quick and runs back for the third
2.5
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, tossed up on off, Bairstow leans well forward and blocks
2.4
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, the varation from Rahman - the doosra and it's picked by Bairstow - stays back and pushes it to the off-side
2.3
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, flatter and around off, Bairstow prods half-forward and blocks
2.2
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, pushed through outside off, Bairstow stays besides the ball and finds cover-point with the push
2.1
Mujeeb to Bairstow, no run, tossed up well outside off, Bairstow leans well forward on the defensive block
1.6
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Vince plays with a half-forward stance and defends it to the off-side
1.5
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, 1 run, Zadran shortens his length on the leg-stump line, nudged wide of mid-wicket for a single
1.4
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, 1 run, full and a hint of shape back into the right-hander, Vince leans forward, plays with a straight bat and punches it to the left of mid-on - Afghan overruns and then stumbles - makes a half-stop and concedes an extra run
1.3
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Vince stays half-forward and defends it back at the bowler
1.2
Dawlat Zadran to James Vince, FOUR, cracking shot, fraction short and well outside off, Vince swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it in front of square on the on-side, past mid-wicket and into the fence
1.1
Dawlat Zadran to Bairstow, 1 run, gentle loosener from Zadran, short of a length and on Bairstow's thighs, nudged backward of square on the on-side for a single
0.6
Mujeeb to James Vince, no run, Mujeeb tosses one on middle, Vince gets half-forward on the defensive block
0.5
Mujeeb to James Vince, no run, pushed through with a flatter trajectory, Vince plays inside the line and lets it go
0.4
Mujeeb to James Vince, 2 runs, flighted on the leg-stump line, Vince leans forward and drives it to the right of long-on, back for the second run
0.3
Mujeeb to James Vince, no run, tossed up just outside off, Vince leans half-forward and defends
0.2
Mujeeb to James Vince, 2 runs, Mujeeb drifts one on Vince's pads, flicked in front of square on the on-side and Vince rushes back for the second run
0.1
Mujeeb to James Vince, no run, tossed up and drifting back into the right-hander, pushed back at the bowler
Commentary
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Noor Ali,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali, Mujeeb Ur Rahman
Morgan, Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Stokes,James Vince,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root, Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
