47.3
Phehlukwayo to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, width for Pandya who scythes it through backward point. It skims through to the boundary as India start their World Cup campaign with a comfortable win
47.3
Phehlukwayo to Hardik Pandya, wide, another sharp bouncer, but this one's even higher than the previous one and will be signalled wide
47.2
Phehlukwayo to Hardik Pandya, no run, dug in short, vaults over Pandya's shoulders and he puts his ego aside to bail out of the pull shot
47.1
Phehlukwayo to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, back of a length delivery outside off, Pandya flays this through backward point. There's a desperate dive, rather collapse, from Tahir in the deep. Does really well to cut it off
46.6
Chris Morris to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, punched through the covers
46.5
Chris Morris to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, now through the on-side. Short of length, he batters the pull shot well in front of square to show the bowler who's boss
46.4
Chris Morris to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, that's struck fiercely off the back foot from Pandya who - despite not having too much width - manages to generate great power through backward point
46.3
Chris Morris to Hardik Pandya, no run, back of a length delivery at the top of off, Pandya punches to point
46.2
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Rohit Sharma runs it down to third man
46.1
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, out Caught&Bowled!! Skied up by Ms Dhoni, goes really high. Morris calls for it, backtracks and holds on even while falling over the stumps at the non-striker's end. That's a superb catch. He lies flat on his back, spreading his arms in relief giving his teammates something to smile about. Ms Dhoni was looking to slog this down the ground, but got a thick top-edge. Won't make a difference to the final outcome though wkt (4-213) min (69m). Ms Dhoni c & b Chris Morris 34(46) [4s-2]
45.6
Rabada to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, chipped up in the air after getting deceived by a slower ball, but Ms Dhoni has managed to get it over point
45.5
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short ball that is pulled authoritatively down to fine leg
45.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower ball outside off. It was dug in pretty much short of length but was dipping around knee-height with the lack of pace. Rohit Sharma reaches out and taps it to cover
45.3
Rabada to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, tucked off the hips behind square
45.2
Rabada to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, slower bouncer which comes off a thick top-edge as Ms Dhoni looks to pull. Shamsi, at fine leg, ensures that the fielding standards haven't reached rock-bottom yet, after the mistakes in the last few overs
45.1
Rabada to Ms Dhoni, no run, length ball outside off, Ms Dhoni is flat-footed in the crease as he pushes to cover
44.6
Tahir to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, turns this googly wide of midwicket
44.5
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, driven through the covers
44.4
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, another well executed sweep from Rohit Sharma, off a ball that wasn't the easiest to put away, given the length was pretty full. Nails it through square leg
44.3
Tahir to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, driven wide of short cover, Fafdu Plessis dives but fails to stop it
44.2
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, works this googly down to long-on
44.1
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, short ball outside off, Rohit Sharma places the late-cut well enough for two
43.6
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man
43.5
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length around the waist, nudged towards square leg
43.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, and now Rohit Sharma makes sure Miller feels even worse about it, if that's possible. Short ball, he arches back and ramps it over De Kock
43.3
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, that's a shocker from David Miller. Don't think he's put down a simpler chance in his career. Short of length, flapped up in the air from Rohit Sharma. Was a dolly at cover, with Miller opening up his reverse-cup in front of the face, but it pops out. South Africa can't believe it, even as the crowd erupts
43.2
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length delivery on off, blunted to mid-on
43.1
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length delivery slanted in, cramps Rohit Sharma for room as he ekes out a thick inside edge on the back foot
42.6
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, short outside off, slapped wide of sweeper cover. 14 off the over as they amble back for two
42.5
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs, paddle-sweep this time, taking the ball on the full and providing a neat deflection. Fine enough for three
42.4
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, another boundary. This over's undoing much of the good work in the last few overs from South Africa. Flighted up at the stumps, Rohit Sharma sweeps efficiently backward of square and into the fence
42.3
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, charges down and hammers it to the left of long-on where Rabada does well
42.2
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, poor from Shamsi. Lack of discipline from him, drops it short and wide and Ms Dhoni slaps it through the covers. Useful release of pressure
42.1
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, length ball skidding through on leg stump, Ms Dhoni plays across it and is struck on the front pad. Probably pitched outside leg
41.6
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, steered to point
41.5
Phehlukwayo to Ms Dhoni, leg byes, 1 run, wasn't short enough to pull, Ms Dhoni attempts it anyway and wears it on the thigh pad
41.4
Phehlukwayo to Ms Dhoni, no run, full ball outside off, pushed to short cover. Required rate touches six
41.3
Phehlukwayo to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched to short cover
41.2
Phehlukwayo to Ms Dhoni, no run, Ms Dhoni charges and finds the length has been pulled back by Phehlukwayo, so he knocks it back down the pitch
41.1
Phehlukwayo to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, short of length outside off, Ms Dhoni pulls through midwicket. Didn't time it all that well, only a couple
40.6
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, works it through midwicket
40.5
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, dropped! Tough chance. Flew off the edge to the right of Markram at slip. Got a hand to it, but couldn't hold on
40.4
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, turns this leg-break wide of short midwicket where Fafdu Plessis dives desperately but can't do much more than a half-stop with the ricochet going far enough for Rohit Sharma to take the single. It's been a hundred where he's shown great responsibility, prepared to weather the storm at the start and dig in, which is reflected in the fact that this is his slowest ODI ton
40.3
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, that was well bowled by Shamsi, floating it wide of off as he saw Rohit Sharma advance. But Rohit Sharma, with his eye well in, stretches across and drives languidly through extra cover. Rabada with a sliding stop to keep him waiting for the hundred though
40.2
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, slides on from off, Rohit Sharma dabs the googly to backward point
40.1
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, 84kph, flighted up on off, Ms Dhoni stretches forward and eases a single to long-off
39.6
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short ball just outside off, Ms Dhoni gets into the line and pulls it down to backward square leg for a single
39.5
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, good length delivery outside off, whip-driven with a back-leg support set-up, towards deep extra cover - Tahir runs in from sweeper cover and collects it in a less than elegant manner.
39.4
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, no run, stops on the batsman from a short of length, punched off the backfoot towards cover - a little early into it, so no timing
39.3
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller length delivery on off, walks at the ball and pushes it back to the bowler
39.2
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, no run, seams back in from a back of a length, Ms Dhoni tries nudging it after a shuffle across, gets a deflection off the pads towards short third man
39.1
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length delivery on off, punched from the crease to cover
38.6
Phehlukwayo to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short of length delivery with minimal width, punched off the backfoot towards sweeper cover for a single
38.5
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, good length delivery but with some width, Rohit Sharma sets up nicely and steers it down towards third man for a single - 97*
38.4
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Rohit Sharma gets across and whips it away towards mid-on
38.3
Phehlukwayo to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, good length delivery on middle, Ms Dhoni steps across and nudges it to midwicket for a sharp single. Absolutely hares across like a raging bull...
38.2
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, angles in from a back of a length, Rohit Sharma sets up for a late-cut, executes to perfection - steered down to third man for a single. 96* - a boundary away now, from a 23rd hundred.
38.1
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, good length delivery angling in, seaming in a little but not enough, Rohit Sharma steps across and shoulders arms
37.6
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, short one at the body, twists his torso into a pull and thumps it away to deep backward square leg for four
37.5
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length delivery, holds up, seams in a little, Ms Dhoni shuffles across a little too much and defends off the backfoot but down the wrong line. Massive appeal, hits the top of the pad, and definitely going over the stumps.
37.4
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the pads, tucked off the backfoot in front of square leg for a single
37.3
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, short ball, soars over the attempted hook and it's through to De Kock
37.2
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched off the backfoot towards point
37.1
Chris Morris to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched firmly off the backfoot towards deep extra cover for a single
36.6
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, good length delivery on off, Rohit Sharma defends compactly off the frontfoot
36.5
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, the French Open is a few hundred miles south, Rohit Sharma! Cross-bats a back of a length delivery flat over the bowler for a straight four!
36.4
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, skids through from a back of a length on off-stump, Rohit Sharma defends it off the backfoot
36.3
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, shortish and just outside off, caresses a drive to point where Duminy stops it but hurts his fingers
36.2
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, yorker length delivery on off-stump, Rohit Sharma gets his bat down in time and digs it out into the off-side
36.1
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, good length delivery outside off, Rohit Sharma gets forward, opens the face, steers it towards backward point
35.6
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, skiddy, keeps low outside off from a length, Ms Dhoni gets low and throws everything behind a cut, misses
35.5
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, the overspinner, on middle, punched off the backfoot towards cover for a sharp single
35.4
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, the googly, skidding quickly towards off, Ms Dhoni whips it away towards cover for a quick single
35.3
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, skids through on leg, nudged away hastily off the backfoot towards short fine leg
35.2
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, loopy, very full, driven down to long-off for a single
35.1
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, tossed up full outside off Ms Dhoni reaches out, pushes it to mid-off, and hares down the wicket for a single
34.6
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, googly with a bit of overspin spinning into middle, punched off the backfoot towards mid-on
34.5
Tahir to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, skids through from a good length, Ms Dhoni chops it off the under-edge towards cover point for a sharp single
34.4
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, loopy, full and wide, Rohit Sharma reaches out and drives it elegantly down to wide long-off for a single
34.3
Tahir to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, a wide full-toss, he slaps it away towards sweeper cover for a single
34.2
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, overspinner, punched off the backfoot towards long-off
34.1
Tahir to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, tossed up temptingly, Ms Dhoni shimmies down the track with a crouch and whip-drives it down to long-off
33.6
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, full one on the pads, nudged away in front of square leg
33.5
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, loopy delivery on leg and middle, punched down to long-on for a single
33.4
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, turns back in, a bit of overspin too, nudged off the backfoot towards mid-on
33.4
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, wide, the regulation chinaman, turning down leg, deflects off the gloves towards fine leg - wide called
33.3
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, loopy delivery, pretty much yorker length, dug out into the on-side
33.2
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, skids through on middle, punched off the backfoot towards the bowler
33.1
Shamsi to Ms Dhoni, no run, tossed up full outside off, pushed to cover off a lunge
32.6
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, a googly on middle, pitched up, Rohit Sharma gets forward and defends
32.5
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed up enticingly, Rohit Sharma lunges forward to deadbat
32.4
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, skids through, a hint of away turn, Rohit Sharma gets low and cuts it away late to third man for a couple
32.3
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, a tad short, Rohit Sharma rocks back and cuts it away to backward point
32.2
Tahir to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, low full-toss, whipped down to long-on for a single
32.1
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, dropped very short, tucked square leg, misfield, and Rohit Sharma is stranded in the middle of the pitch and he is having a conversation with Ms Dhoni. They go through for a run in the end
31.6
Rabada to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, a shuffle across and a defensive guide to backward point
31.5
Rabada to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller length delivery on off, another walk and a push towards mid-off
31.4
Rabada to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Ms Dhoni walks at it and whips it away towards mid-on
31.3
Rabada to Kl Rahul, out Caught by Fafdu Plessis! What was that? Not a slower one, @137km/h, but that stopped on him from a length. He's tried to loft it through the line from a length, and just lobs it off the top-half of the bat to mid-off. Rather ugly, with the bottom-hand coming off. Faf signalled to Rabada that he'll give him one more over for the breakthrough and the gamble has paid off! An embarrassing dismissal, and Boxing Day 2014 must be flashing before his eyes now. An abomination - an extremely immature shot in this situation and he has paid the price wkt (3-139) min (71m). Kl Rahul c Fafdu Plessis b Rabada 26(42) [4s-2]
31.2
Rabada to Kl Rahul, no run, short of length delivery seaming in, Kl Rahul shoulders arms on account of the extra bounce
31.1
Rabada to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, skids through a little low, Kl Rahul defends it with an open face towards point
30.6
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, loopy leg-break outside off, Rohit Sharma reaches out and whip-drives it to sweeper cover for a couple
30.5
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, turning away from a length towards off, sweeps it against the turn towards deep square leg for a couple
30.4
Tahir to Kl Rahul, 1 run, turning away from a back of a length, skidding a little, rocks back, does Kl Rahul, and punches it away to sweeper cover for a single
30.3
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, a nice length, not a lot of turn, punched down to long-off for a single
30.2
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, short and skiddy flipper, Rohit Sharma hurries a nudge back to the bowler
30.1
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, tosses up the leg-break wide outside off, Rohit Sharma leans in and slices it behind point for four
29.6
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, length, slightly outside off, calmly dabbed down to third man
29.5
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, back of a length it'll be, which Rohit Sharma lines up his leave to
29.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, 142kph and a proper drag down. Rohit Sharma - in his lazy elegance - will rock behind in a one-legged pull, all of it on top of the ball to place it perfectly in front of square
29.3
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, 143kph, pushes away from his body, with the ball nipping back in to take the thick inside edge onto his front pad
29.2
Rabada to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 144kph, rib-lined at quick clicks. Kl Rahul hops, fending it away behind square leg
29.1
Rabada to Kl Rahul, no run, length, holding its line just outside off. Left
28.6
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, sweeps at one that's just too full outside off to be done to, sneaks well under the bat
28.5
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, too wide. It's getting easy for Rohit Sharma here, with Tahir keeping it short-wide, and he obliges with a sliced cut, comfortably splitting backward point and short third
28.4
Tahir to Kl Rahul, 3 runs, shuffles well across, and then rolls his wrists on the ball to swat it away very, very fine. Short fine leg dives to take off some momentum, but all he'll stop is one whole run
28.3
Tahir to Kl Rahul, no run, more of a toss up on middle. Kl Rahul wrists a drive back
28.2
Tahir to Kl Rahul, no run, googly. Kl Rahul doesn't read it well - trying to defend off an angled-blade outside the line, luckily with the inside edge past his legs
28.1
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, too full outside off, carved away through the covers
27.6
Rabada to Kl Rahul, no run, 140kph, sharp jag back. Once again Rabada gets one to cut in off a length, having Kl Rahul hopping around in his quest to get something, anything on it. Alas, gets beaten comprehensively, getting thud on the knee-roll
27.5
Rabada to Kl Rahul, no run, length, just outside off, steered away to point
27.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, lines up better, using the angle coming in to drop it softly just past the pitch on the leg-side in a quick single
27.3
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, only(!?) 130kph, and now it's Rohit Sharma's turn to get cut in half. Sharp zip back in, which he looks to play away from his body to, only for the ball to cramp him between bat and body
27.2
Rabada to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 136kph. Genuinely squared up edge, with Kl Rahul freezing on the back foot as he tries closing his bat face to it, only for the seam-away to run off the leading-edge past that fly slip
27.1
Rabada to Kl Rahul, no run, 133kph, slightly short of a good length, moving back in off the seam. But Kl Rahul trusts the fifth-stump channel and th bounce to shoulder arms
26.6
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed up, Rohit Sharma plonks to defend it back down the pitch
26.5
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, wide sitter. Rohit Sharma waits on his back foot, letting it get close before holding his shape on his cut, so much so that he ends up guiding it through point
26.4
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, 1 run, presses low, sticking out an opened up bat face to guide it backward of point
26.3
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, steps out, with the back leg going up as he flicks it to long-on
26.2
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, filthy one well down leg, looking worse when fine leg's in the ring. Rohit Sharma won't complain, sitting down already as he murders this with a proper sweep behind square
26.1
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, 1 run, the wrong 'un. Kl Rahul reads off the back foot, with the ball spinning very slowly off the surface giving him the time to adjust and then punch it down the ground
25.6
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short and into the body again. More of a conventional glance here, through square leg
25.5
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, FOUR, 135kph. Stray leg-line, Kl Rahul has a hop, a one-legged one to swat away off his thighs fine enough .. fine and enough, surely when Shamsi's the man fielding out there
25.4
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, shuffles, covering the movement back in, once again bat-pad stuck in defence
25.3
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, full on off. A leaning block it is
25.2
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, 137kph, cuts in off a length. Just a steery-defence to point
25.1
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 132kph, hops, helping the tummy-line with a tuck round the corner
25.1
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, wide, that'll ruin the maiden spree. Bouncer, and climbing way, way over the swaying out Rohit Sharma
24.6
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, and Kl Rahul will be off strike once again .. courtesy a high-backlifted drill down the ground
24.5
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, on the drive, but the spin gets sharp to take the inside half into square leg
24.4
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, spins in bigger. Tickled away with the turn to leg
24.3
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, drives with the angle going across him, can't beat short cover
24.2
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, one-handed hoick. Rohit Sharma dances down, is nowhere close to heaving, but then still goes through. Miscues big, but safely in the gap at deep mid-wicket
24.1
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, half forward, then fully backwards in defending it into off
23.6
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, leg byes, 1 run, drifts a touch onto the thighs, and he still can't get a bat-run against his name, with this one ricocheting away behind square off the legs apparently. So, it's a consective maiden
23.5
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, 140kph, better. Rohit Sharma - still with earlier scars - leaves this back of a length lifter outside off alone
23.4
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, draws the edge .. and the edge falls just short. He keeps it in that corridor of uncertainty, and Rohit Sharma HAS to poke, off the bat's shoulder, but dipping and falling right in front of a low-falling over Amla at slip
23.3
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, 135kph, length, plonks forward in keeping it out to cover
23.2
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, more sharp bounce. 136kph. Shorter. Rohit Sharma tries going up, but no, the ball goes upper, once again splicing it away into off
23.1
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, 136kph, some spit up off a length, squares Sharma up as well to take the splice - that goes nowhere
22.6
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, opens his bat late on the drive, through sweeper for an easy couple before extra cover can get across
22.5
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, just a calm wrist, leaning to the pitch of it down to long-on. Also, 50*42
22.4
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, stride, covering the spin with bat stuck next to it
22.3
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, full, quicker on leg-stump. A toe-ended squeezed defensive drive back
22.2
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, SIX, real good feet .. reads the shorter one and dances to it, with the arms swinging and depositing it deep into cow corner
22.1
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, full, drifting across, drawing a drive. It's a calm one, to mid-off
21.6
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, top maiden. Back of a length, just outside off and Kl Rahul isn't flirting with these
21.5
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, 141kph. Pacy bumper. Climbs well over the attempted pull
21.4
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, good length, straightening on off. A long-strided, line-covering block out
21.3
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, 137kph, full, flicked away, but can't get it past mid-wicket
21.2
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, 137kph, shorter, Kl Rahul goes up tall in a punch to point
21.1
Chris Morris to Kl Rahul, no run, beaten. 133kph of a good length, drawing Kl Rahul into the drive with the angle that meant to come in. Alas, nips away just a touch after it pitches, just past the outside edge
20.6
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, more in the very-full zone. It's Rohit Sharma's turn to york himself here, clearing his leg and then digging his drive into off
20.5
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, 1 run, dipping full on middle and off. Kl Rahul yorks himself as he tries to drive, squeezing it down the pitch eventually
20.4
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, clears out his front leg, stroking it straight down through the line
20.3
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back, across, waiting for the in-spin to punch it down the ground
20.2
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, leg byes, 1 run, spinning in from an already leg-line. Rohit Sharma sweeps, not off the bat, but the outside of his leg running fine
20.1
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, pushes him on the back foot, which in turn is a covered defence
19.6
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Rohit Sharma taps it on the head and sends it to third man
19.5
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, second boundary of the over. Phehlukwayo tiring? Short and ample width outside off, Rohit Sharma gets on top of the bounce and cracks the cut square of the wicket, Vander Dussen gave up the chase very early
19.4
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Kl Rahul's forward press it past cover and he calls Rohit Sharma through
19.3
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length close to off, Kl Rahul punches it back to Phehlukwayo
19.2
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, no run, good length ball on off, Kl Rahul is on the back foot to defend it back
19.1
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, FOUR, fine shot! Shot of the innings. The eye-pleasing on-drive from Kl Rahul. A gentle 127kph full delivery on off, Kl Rahul relies on timing the drive past the mid-on fielder rather than smashing the leather off the ball
18.6
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, quicker and around off, Rohit Sharma stabs it tentatively into the off-side
18.5
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, fraction short and going on with the arm, Rohit Sharma waits and steers it late behind point, two more
18.4
Shamsi to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted on leg-stump, Rohit Sharma leans forward and works it to mid-wicket
18.3
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, 1 run, on the pads, nudged away to the right of mid-wicket, for a single
18.2
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, no run, goes back to a delivery that he should have come forward, but gets his bat down and knocks it back
18.1
Shamsi to Kl Rahul, no run, stays back to a flattish delivery and turns it to mid-wicket
17.6
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller than a good length, Rohit Sharma strides forward and defends to cover
17.5
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, short of length and Rohit Sharma fetches the pull from outside off, does not try to overhit, just placed it in the gap through mid-wicket and scampered back comfortably for the second
17.4
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a length nibbling away outside off, Rohit Sharma shoulders arms
17.3
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, this ball stays low outside off, Rohit Sharma is beaten on the under-edge and the ball bounces through to De Kock, who makes a half stop with his pad
17.2
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, and again.. Kl Rahul wanted a run, Rohit Sharma also started but sent his partner back in time. Tapped with soft hands into the off-side and there was confusion. Need to communicate better
17.1
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length outside off, punched square of the wicket on the off-side
16.6
Tahir to Kl Rahul, 1 run, once again bit of hesitation. Need to be careful. Kl Rahul played it gently into the off-side and called for a run, it was his call but Rohit Sharma was again reluctant to respond, he only starts after seeing the ball go past Faf at cover
16.5
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, softer hands and played it wide of cover, looked up at Kl Rahul and off go the duo for a quick single
16.4
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted outside off, Rohit Sharma pushes it towards cover
16.3
Tahir to Kl Rahul, 1 run, bit of yes-no but in the end they go through. Kl Rahul inside halves the forward block and the ball rolls behind square, Rohit Sharma wasn't sure at first but went for it as soon as he saw the ball was not close to the fielder
16.2
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, throws it up and gets Rohit Sharma to drive down the ground, single to long-on
16.1
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, not needed at this stage. A pressure releaser from Tahir. A long hop on leg-stump, Rohit Sharma waits and swivel-pulls it backward of square, no one in the deep to stop that
15.6
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, no run, good length ball around off, Kl Rahul is beside the line as he blocks it into the off-side
15.5
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, no run, angling around the hips, Kl Rahul turns it gently in front of mid-wicket
15.4
Phehlukwayo to Kl Rahul, no run, on a length outside off, Kl Rahul lifts his bat and lets it go
15.3
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, out Caught by De Kock!! Phehlukwayo and his knack of picking big wickets. But this is all De Kock. He's grabbed a stunner to keep South Africa in the hunt. Bit of extra bounce on this back of a length delivery, Virat Kohli is not able to control the steer to third man and the outside edge flies to the right of the 'keeper, it was right between De Kock and Amla, the former flew across and got the ball with his fingers. That is a terrific catch. He almost caught after the ball had past him wkt (2-54) min (44m). Virat Kohli c De Kock b Phehlukwayo 18(34) [4s-1]
15.2
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, FOUR, 130kph short of length delivery and it sat up for Virat Kohli, who pulls it off the front foot through the vacant mid-wicket pocket. He was quick to pick the length and pounce on it
15.1
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, no run, full and slanting in, Virat Kohli's on-drive is mistimed to mid-on. The bat turned on impact and hence no timing
14.6
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, sliding on after pitching, Rohit Sharma inside halves the block into the on-side
14.5
Tahir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, in the air and wide of mid-wicket. The ball dips in front of his pads and Virat Kohli instinctively went for the flick, he couldn't keep it down and luckily it evaded the fielder
14.4
Tahir to Virat Kohli, no run, tossed up around off, Virat Kohli wrists it to that fielder positioned at silly mid-on
14.3
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, lands it fuller than he would have liked, driven down to long-off
14.2
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, googly and Rohit Sharma is on the back foot to keep it out
14.1
Tahir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, drifting in on leg-stump, Virat Kohli drives into out to long-off
13.6
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a length outside off, Rohit Sharma lifts his bat and lets it go
13.5
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, waits for the back of a length delivery and directs it with an angled bat to point
13.4
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortens the length and Virat Kohli rides the bounce before nudging it into the on-side
13.3
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, back of a length around off, Rohit Sharma turns it to mid-wicket
13.2
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, beaten! Phehlukwayo is getting enough nibble to trouble the batsmen. Keeps it on a length outside off, Rohit Sharma prods forward to block but is beaten by the late seam movement
13.1
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, 1 run, oh! Heart-in-mouth moment. That is the line and length to bowl to Virat Kohli. Full and outside off, he doesn't hang back on the drive and reaches for it, squirted off the outside edge just wide of backward point
12.6
Tahir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter on middle and leg, tucked in front of square leg and raced across
12.5
Tahir to Virat Kohli, no run, slider on the stumps, Virat Kohli inside halves the forward block to mid-wicket
12.4
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, throws it wider and Rohit Sharma eases the drive to long-off
12.3
Tahir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flighted on middle, Virat Kohli plays the whippy drive straight down the ground, only a single as long-on gets across
12.2
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, allows the ball to arrive and opens the bat face to nudge it into the off-side, for a single
12.1
Tahir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, loads it with air and lands close to the blockhole, squeezed out square on the off-side
11.6
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on the shorter side and Virat Kohli shuffles across to play the cut square on the off-side, sweeper tidies up
11.5
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, no run, banged in and seaming away outside off, Virat Kohli toe-ends the pull to mid-on
11.4
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, slanting in from a length, clipped away to deep square leg
11.3
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, fraction short and outside off, Rohit Sharma chops the cut to backward point
11.2
Phehlukwayo to Rohit Sharma, no run, South Africa retain their review. It was a very very close call. Matter of millimeters. Nipped back in from a length and caught Rohit Sharma on the crease, the bat was late to come across and the ball hit the pad first in front of leg-stump. The ball was clipping top of the leg-stump
11.1
Phehlukwayo to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short, wide and plenty of width, Virat Kohli slaps it straight to sweeper cover
10.6
Tahir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, short enough for Virat Kohli to go back and punch to long-on
10.5
Tahir to Virat Kohli, no run, Virat Kohli plays a lovely straight drive, all wrists there on that shot, the bat came down at some force and the ball was travelling, Tahir intervened
10.4
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, use of the feet and then a drive along the ground to long-on
10.3
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, this time Rohit Sharma allows the ball to come and defends with soft hands
10.2
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, gets a good stride forward and defends this flighted delivery into the off-side
10.1
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted delivery just outside off stump, Rohit Sharma defends off the front foot
9.6
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shortish delivery, Rohit Sharma helps it away to fine leg on one leg
9.5
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, good leave, knew where his off pole was, so didn't bother covering the sticks much and let this length ball go to QdK
9.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Rohit Sharma defends into the off-side
9.3
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, hit on the thigh pad by this incoming length delivery but it was missing the sticks
9.2
Rabada to Virat Kohli, 1 run, oh inside edge escapes the sticks. Virat Kohli wanted to back-foot drive this short of length delivery outside off stump, the edge was enough to miss the timber
9.1
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, slightly wide outside off stump and Rohit Sharma steers it to third man
8.6
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, leg stump line, Virat Kohli goes back and works this short of length delivery behind square for a run
8.5
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, fullish delivery just outside off stump, Virat Kohli defends it towards mid-off
8.4
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, and again, opens the face of the bat, can't beat the gully fielder
8.3
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, guides the ball late but Faf has plugged gully to deny Virat Kohli the single to third man
8.2
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, a lot more solid in his defence is Virat Kohli to this good length delivery
8.1
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, there is that incoming full delivery, Virat Kohli manages to defend
7.6
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, cracking shot! The first authoritative shot from Rohit Sharma. Yes he hit a six, but this is more statement making. Short and outside off stump, Rohit Sharma cuts hard, doesn't bother keeping it down and it rocketed for four through the big gap at point. Rohit Sharma jumped and connected with both feet in the air
7.6
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, wide, short and down the leg-side, QdK does really well to dive full length and stop this ball
7.5
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, on the off stump, blocked
7.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, outside edge, but it rolls wide of third slip. Third man is not to be seen. Rohit Sharma played with soft hands to this fullish delivery and got away with the edge
7.3
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, SIX, it's been helped away to the long leg boundary. This is what he tried to do of Rabada's second over. This time he wasn't late on the shot, rose tall on one leg and hit it wide of the man at fine leg
7.2
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, this is lazy batting. The bowler is on top, an early lost and Rohit Sharma plays away from the body with feet in cement, the outswinger almost took the edge
7.1
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, good length delivery, Rohit Sharma defends
6.6
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, nice fullish delivery nipping back in and catching Virat Kohli on the inside edge in his defence, Morris thought he almost had his man
6.5
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Virat Kohli guides but that gully fielder is placed precisely to stop Virat Kohli from steering to third man. Straight to him
6.4
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Virat Kohli defends to cover
6.3
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, now he lifts his bat high to let this short of length delivery sail through to QdK
6.2
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, very straight, Virat Kohli is watchful at the moment, so he defends to short mid-wicket. Otherwise that would have been flicked to the fence with those rubber wrists
6.1
Chris Morris to Virat Kohli, no run, length delivery angled in, Virat Kohli gets his bat in front of the pad and defends
5.6
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit Sharma is covering the line and defending to this length ball
5.5
Rabada to Virat Kohli, 1 run, a confident stride forward towards the bowler and then a push to mid-off for a quick single, first of many runs to come in this World Cup for Virat Kohli
5.4
Rabada to Virat Kohli, no run, 146kph full delivery, Virat Kohli uppishly pushes it to mid-on
5.3
Rabada to Virat Kohli, no run, low full toss, Virat Kohli drives to mid-on, 145kph from KG that time
5.2
Rabada to Virat Kohli, no run, oh what a welcome to Virat Kohli! 146kph short delivery, Virat Kohli ducks under it
5.1
Rabada to Shikhar Dhawan, out Caught by De Kock!! He's been testing the edge for a long time and he finally finds the outside of the bat and goes to the keeper. Rabada is pumped. Roars to lift his team-mates. Bumrah said you don't need to try hard on a seaming pitch and just bowl tight, hard lengths and that is exactly what Rabada has done. Just another back of a length delivery pitching within the sticks and moving away. The right armer's angle was taking it away from the left-hander and Shikhar Dhawan poked at it tentatively, only to get a faint edge wkt (1-13) min (23m). Shikhar Dhawan c De Kock b Rabada 8(12) [4s-1]
4.6
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, tight line, short of length just outside off stump, Rohit Sharma could only defend that to mid-off
4.5
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, this is a tentative defence, no feet, reads the ball off the pitch, adjusts for the late movement away and manages to push it towards cover-point
4.4
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length again, this time and a hop and then a defence to mid-on
4.3
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, first time the ball hits Rohit Sharma's sweet spot, fullish delivery, Rohit Sharma defends solidly into the off-side
4.2
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, normally you would see Rohit Sharma slap/cut a short of length delivery with width, but he's not been timing the ball well, so he respects the bowler by leaving it alone
4.1
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, fullish and just outside off stump, Rohit Sharma leans forward and pushes, gets a thickish edge that rolls through point
3.6
Rabada to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Rabada has broken Shikhar Dhawan's bat. 146kph low full toss, Shikhar Dhawan tried to dig it out, the ball hit the bottom of the bat and a couple of wood pieces were flying around. This bloke is really running in and India are very lucky not to have lost a wicket
3.5
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, mistimed slap rolls to extra-cover
3.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, now Rabada teases the outside edge. Short of length again, the ball moves away off the pitch, Rohit Sharma can't get behind the line, not much of feet movement either, so he misses the ball
3.3
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit Sharma is being troubled by the late away movement, yet again he turned too early looking to play leg-side and missed the ball, thankfully it hit that smaller portion of thigh pad on the right leg, otherwise would have been a big bruise
3.2
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit Sharma is very careful with his defence now, plays with soft hands and this short of length delivery really hit the bat hard
3.1
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length delivery wide outside off stump, movement away, but not close to make Rohit Sharma play
2.6
Chris Morris to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, ball hits the bat hard as Shikhar Dhawan manages to defend this into the off-side
2.5
Chris Morris to Shikhar Dhawan, FOUR, pulled to deep square leg, not in full control but there are big open spaces on the on-side and Shikhar Dhawan used the short length to good use and hit it along the ground
2.4
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, oh this is again in the air. Clears Duminy. South Africa coming close, but unable to buy a wicket yet! Shortish delivery, rushes Rohit Sharma on the defence, the ball takes the shoulder of the bat and lands safely at backward point
2.3
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, movement off the pitch away from Rohit Sharma and he's beaten all ends up. Rohit Sharma was opened up in his defence by the late movement, luckily it didn't take the edge for Rohit Sharma
2.2
Chris Morris to Rohit Sharma, no run, defended from the crease
2.1
Chris Morris to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, tap-and-run single, this is hit in front of cover, Miller attacks the ball, tries to underarm it onto the stumps but doesn't manage a clean pick up
1.6
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, this is a slightly more confident defence from Rohit Sharma to this length delivery
1.5
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, now then, this one almost takes the outside edge! Rabada is really upping the intensity. Short of a length delivery outside off stump, Rohit Sharma leans gently forward to defend, misses it completely
1.4
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, in the airrrrr, dropped! Oh South Africa! Lovely bouncer from Rabada at 140kph, Rohit Sharma was on leg trying to help the ball on its way over long leg, the ball takes the glove and goes up, Faf runs forward from second slip, looks like he jammed his finger into the ground and that is why he couldn't pull off the catch
1.3
Rabada to Rohit Sharma, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Rohit Sharma defends off the front foot
1.2
Rabada to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, this is gloved but safe. Steams in and bangs it into the surface, steep bounce and Shikhar Dhawan couldn't handle, tries to defend, the ball hits the glove and flies, luckily clears backward point from Shikhar Dhawan's point of view
1.1
Rabada to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, Rabada beats Shikhar Dhawan first ball! He'd know a few of Shikhar Dhawan's tricks with his time at DC. Short of a length delivery angled across, may have just moved away off the seam as well, Shikhar Dhawan nowhere near the ball as he pushes off the back foot
0.6
Tahir to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, overpitched, driven firmly, short cover dives to his left and deflects the ball to mid-off, two misfields in the very first over
0.5
Tahir to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, tossed up outside off stump, Shikhar Dhawan comes nicely forward to drive this to cover
0.4
Tahir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, straightaway gets going with a gentle push to long-on
0.3
Tahir to Shikhar Dhawan, 1 run, googly, cut towards cover-point, Phehlukwayo lets that go right through his legs, Shikhar Dhawan and India are off the mark
0.2
Tahir to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, too full, Shikhar Dhawan digs it out, Tahir dives to his right and stops the ball
0.1
Tahir to Shikhar Dhawan, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Shikhar Dhawan defends off the back foot
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shikhar Dhawan,Bhuvneshwar Kumar,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
Duminy,Amla,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,De Kock, Tabraiz Shamsi,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Tabraiz Shamsi
