49.6
Boult to Lyon, no run, 140kph, yorker length delivery outside off, Lyon shuffles across a long way to paddle/scoop. Doesn't connect and Lyon can't even nab a run via byes. Final over: three wickets | two runs
49.5
Boult to Behrendorff, out Lbw!! Jason Behrendorff has been given OUT lbw! And, he reviews. Looked out to the naked eye. A 137kph toe-crusher and Behrendorff was late to bring his bat down. Fair delivery. No bat. Hit the right boot on the full. Three reds on HawkEye. And, Boult has bagged a hat-trick! He becomes the first New Zealander to claim a hat-trick in World Cup! This has been sensational bowling from Boult wkt (9-243) min (4m). Behrendorff lbw b Boult 0(1)
49.4
Boult to Starc, out Bowled!! Two in two for Boult. A perfect in-tailing yorker! Starc is beaten for pace and is too late in bringing his bat down. Hits the base of the middle-stump. Starc, on a rare occasion, is at the receiving end wkt (8-243) min (2m). Starc b Boult 0(1)
49.3
Boult to Khawaja, out Bowled!! Knocked him over! Khawaja shuffles across a long way to work through the leg-side and in the process he ended up exposing a couple of stumps. Boult nails the yorker at 137kph and Khawaja couldn't lay bat on ball. The ball crashes into middle and leg wkt (7-243) min (187m). Khawaja b Boult 88(129) [4s-5]
49.2
Boult to Pat Cummins, 1 run, 139kph, full ball on leg, nudged towards mid-wicket
49.1
Boult to Khawaja, 1 run, 144kph, low full toss, Khawaja can't get under it. Drilled to long-off for a single
48.6
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, FOUR, another full toss and Cummins takes heavy toll of it. Ferguson slips a pacy full toss and a backing away Cummins carves it through extra cover. The sweeper can't cut it off. Ferguson finishes with 10-0-49-2
48.5
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, high full toss, Cummins stays leg-side of the ball and throws the kitchen sink. A single to third man off the outside edge
48.4
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, back of a length delivery, Khawaja moves across towards off and flicks it to fine leg
48.3
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, Khawaja moves leg-side and Ferguson smartly drops it short at 142kph. The left-hander tried to lift it over backward point, but connects with thin air
48.2
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, 1 run, 143kph, yorker length, squeezed out to deep cover
48.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, Khawaja backs away and the bowler follows him with an off-paced fullish ball, Khawaja wrists the drive towards long-on
47.6
Boult to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, 137kph, short ball, Pat Cummins arches back and dabs it fine of third man. Lockie is quick to run across to his left and does well to keep the batsmen down to a brace
47.5
Boult to Khawaja, 1 run, skips down the track and uses his wrists to flick this fuller length delivery to deep square leg
47.4
Boult to Khawaja, no run, Boult drags his length back and Khawaja is beaten by the bounce. Comes down the pitch to go over the covers and the ball bounces over his bat
47.3
Boult to Khawaja, FOUR, streaky, but Australia won't mind. Khawaja comes down the track and yorks himself. Managed to bring his bat down on time and gets a toe end on it. Beats the keeper to his right and the ball speeds away to the fine leg fence
47.2
Boult to Khawaja, no run, 139kph, another one in the blockhole, squeezed out to mid-off
47.1
Boult to Pat Cummins, 1 run, yorker length just outside off, Cummins jams it out to sweeper cover
46.6
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, 1 run, shorter and quicker, flat-batted to long-off
46.5
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, slog-swept hard in front of square on the leg-side. Neesham, again, does well. Runs to his right from deep mid-wicket on this occasion and keeps the batters down to a couple
46.4
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, in the air and again falls short. Cummins eyes another biggie down the ground and once again horribly miscues. The ball lobs up a long way, but falls in front of the in-running long-on fielder
46.3
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, Cummins goes for the big tonk downtown, can only slice it - courtesy the leg-spin. Falls in the no-man's land wide of long-off
46.2
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, a drag down and Cummins muscles the pull over mid-wicket. Neesham, in the deep, sprints across and throws himself to his left. Flicks the ball back into play and saves a couple
46.1
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, no run, leg-break, pitched outside off and turned further away. Cummins cuts, but can't make contact
45.6
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, 1 run, 141kph, pitched up delivery, Cummins square-drives it through cover-point for a single. Just six off the over after conceding a boundary off the first ball
45.5
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, no run, 145kph head-high bumper, a backing away Cummins bends under it
45.4
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, no run, change of pace - 114kph. Cummins has no clue about it and is early into his shot - a punch through the off-side. Gets beaten on the outside edge
45.3
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, no run, 143kph, well-directed bouncer, Cummins gets out of the way by hunkering under it
45.2
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, low full toss, Khawaja dinks it to long-on
45.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, FOUR, slashed over backward point! Shortish ball at 136kph, Ferguson served width and got punished. Khawaja throws his hands and flays it over the man inside the circle
44.6
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, flicked away to deep mid-wicket and Khawaja will once again keep the strike
44.5
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, FOUR, much-needed boundary for Khawaja and Australia. Might have been the googly, Khawaja plonks his front leg across and reverse-sweeps it superbly. In the air and through the gap between backward point and short third man. Nothing wrong with the ball, excellent batting
44.4
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, 1 run, flighted delivery, Cummins comes on the front foot and drives it all along the carpet to long-off
44.3
Ish Sodhi to Pat Cummins, no run, wrong 'un, Cummins spots it late and turns it to short mid-wicket
44.2
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, touch too full, Khawaja gets forward and whips it to deep mid-wicket
44.1
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, no run, 79kph, googly around off, punched to extra cover
43.6
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, off-pace ball at 123kph, pitched up outside off, Khawaja creams the drive past the diving cover fielder and keeps the strike
43.5
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, second bouncer of the over! A sharp bouncer at 143kph and Khawaja evades it by half-ducking underneath it
43.4
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, slower delivery - 122kph, fullish just outside off, Khawaja can only plat it to backward point
43.3
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, 138kph, banged in short, leg-lined and Khawaja half-ducks under it after getting inside the line
43.2
Ferguson to Pat Cummins, 1 run, 142kph, short of a good length ball, Cummins waits for the ball to come to him and runs it down to third man by opening the bat-face
43.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, 139kph, short of length delivery, dabbed to third man
42.6
Williamson to Carey, out Caught by Guptill!! The 107-run partnership has been broken! A tossed up delivery from the skipper and Carey moved leg-side to chip it inside-out over the cover region. Made decent contact, but didn't get the required elevation. A simple catch at extra cover and Guptill doesn't err. Moves to his right and gobbles it with both hands. End of a fine knock from the Australian keeper-batsman wkt (6-199) min (113m). Carey c Guptill b Williamson 71(72) [4s-11]
42.5
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, tossed up delivery, Khawaja wrists it to backward square leg
42.4
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, square-cut to deep point
42.3
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, fuller in length, Khawaja moves across and gets low to paddle it towards fine leg. Didn't quite time it as well as he'd liked it to
42.2
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, slow and wide outside off, cut hard again, just a single to deep point
42.1
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, on the shorter side, Khawaja jumps back in his crease and fiercely cuts it to sweeper cover
41.6
Boult to Khawaja, 1 run, 139kph, good length delivery wide of off and that's been slashed away to deep point
41.5
Boult to Khawaja, no run, 140kph, fuller than a good length ball around off, driven neatly but straight to cover
41.4
Boult to Carey, 1 run, 140kph, in-angling full ball, hoicked away off the inner part of the bat to deep square leg
41.3
Boult to Carey, 2 runs, 138kph, length ball, Carey stays in his crease and chips it over the covers for a brace. Century partnership!
41.2
Boult to Carey, no run, 137kph, Carey comes down the track to flay it through the covers, gets cramped for room and ends up chopping it towards extra cover
41.1
Boult to Carey, no run, fuller than a good length ball around off, pushed to the right of the bowler
40.6
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, was there an edge? Hint of extra bounce and the length wasn't short enough to be cutting. Khawaja went back in his crease to scythe it away, but failed to succeed. Latham failed to gather it cleanly! Was there a nick? Gotta wait for the replays
40.5
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, Williamson gets away with this shortish ball as Khawaja cuts it straight to backward point
40.4
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, gets down on a knee to slog-sweep, gets it off the inner half to deep mid-wicket
40.3
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, touch short, Khawaja rocks back and forces it to sweeper cover
40.2
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, fuller on off and middle, driven back to the bowler
40.1
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, tossed up ball outside off, driven to backward point
39.6
Boult to Khawaja, leg byes, 1 run, on the pads, Khawaja shuffles and flicks, misses - that's off the pads and into the on-side for a leg-bye
39.5
Boult to Carey, 1 run, full and outside off, Carey leans into a drive square of the wicket for a single
39.4
Boult to Carey, no run, good length delivery on off, check-driven on the walk towards the bowler's right - who nicks it towards mid-off
39.3
Boult to Carey, FOUR, good length delivery, nothing wrong with it, and he just transfers his weight onto the drive through the gap in the cover region for four. All timing. All class.
39.2
Boult to Carey, no run, on the pads, flicked into the on-side but he fails the find the gap again
39.1
Boult to Carey, no run, skids through on leg, Carey misses the flick, half a shout, but sliding down leg
38.6
Williamson to Khawaja, 2 runs, short and wide, cut away square of the wicket through the gap in the in-field for a couple to deep backward point
38.5
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, dropped short, stays low, Carey crouches and slaps it away to sweeper cover for a single
38.4
Williamson to Carey, no run, tossed up outside off, pushed off the frontfoot to cover
38.3
Williamson to Carey, no run, tossed up outside off, Carey sweeps it hard towards short midwicket
38.2
Williamson to Carey, no run, draws him into the drive again, gets the edge, trying to drive through cover - and it's technically a drop by Latham. Real tough chance though
38.1
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, loopy low full-toss, driven down to long-off for a single
37.6
Ferguson to Carey, no run, good length delivery on off, Carey watchfully defends it from the crease into the off-side
37.5
Ferguson to Carey, FOUR, short ball @142km/h that doesn't really bounce too much, Carey just twists his torso into a check-pull to the deep mid-wicket fence for four
37.4
Ferguson to Carey, no run, good length delivery without a lot of room on off, Carey defends it into the off-side
37.3
Ferguson to Carey, 2 runs, short and wide, an elegant, well-balanced cut to backward point, a fumble by a diving Guptill, and it deflects towards third man for a couple
37.2
Ferguson to Carey, no run, short ball just outside off, and a well-controlled pull to short midwicket
37.1
Ferguson to Carey, no run, skids through on the leg-stump, Carey tries whipping it away from the crease, misses, and is struck on the pads - no alarms.
36.6
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, very full on off, Carey gets forward, stays leg-side of the ball, and whip-drives it down to deep extra cover for a single
36.5
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, very full outside off, whip-driven down to sweeper cover for a single
36.4
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, full and drifting in, spinning away, Khawaja lunges forward in defence, gets a thick outside edge towards point
36.3
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, skids through low again, a crouch and a steer to point
36.2
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, a tad fuller, skiddier, tries a late-cut, and he's beaten
36.1
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, tossed up outside off, turning away, past the driving bat of Khawaja. Beaten
35.6
Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run, short ball outside off, pulled away in front of deep square leg for a single
35.5
Neesham to Carey, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, punched off the backfoot to sweeper cover for a single
35.4
Neesham to Carey, FOUR, fuller length delivery outside off, Carey reaches out to drive through cover, gets a thick inside edge past off-stump and past the diving wicketkeeper for four through long stop. That's his fifty - another excellent fifty under pressure from Alex Carey
35.3
Neesham to Carey, no run, back of a length delivery on off, and that's a backfoot defensive off a jump. Things are awfully jumpy for the Aussies...
35.2
Neesham to Carey, no run, short of length delivery on the hip, a hop and a tuck into the on-side
35.1
Neesham to Carey, FOUR, attempted bumper outside off, not a lot of pace (125km/h), and Carey hops and slaps a pull away to deep mid-wicket for four
34.6
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, shortish and skiddy, carved down to sweeper cover for a single
34.5
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, full on off, driven down to long-off for a single
34.4
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, fuller delivery, skids through, hasty whip attempted, and a leading edge back towards the bowler
34.3
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, another delicate steer away square of the wicket for a single - bread and butter for Khawaja
34.2
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, a backfoot slap to cover point, Guptill dives to his right and throws with his right arm at the non-striker's end - couldn't get too much power, and he misses the stumps. Khawaja was out if that hit. By a long way!
34.1
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, a tad shorter, cut away to point - a slight fumble by the man at point, and Khawaja really wants the single. Sent back.
33.6
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 1 run, short of length once again, Khawaja hangs back and pokes it away very late - after it crosses him - to the third man area for a single
33.5
de Grandhomme to Carey, 1 run, shortish angling, angling just outside off, pace off - and a delayed punch off the backfoot towards sweeper cover for a single
33.4
de Grandhomme to Carey, FOUR, short, poor delivery, and he's got enough time to place it - picks his spot and pulls it through the gap in the midwicket region for four.
33.3
de Grandhomme to Carey, no run, on the thigh, hurries a little bit, and that's whipped from the crease into the on-side
33.2
de Grandhomme to Carey, no run, short of length delivery in that perfect zone again, an open-stanced, open-faced steer off the backfoot to point
33.1
de Grandhomme to Carey, no run, back of a length delivery on off, punched off the backfoot towards cover
32.6
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, slower and wide outside off, and once again, it's slapped away to sweeper cover for a strike-retaining single
32.5
Williamson to Carey, no run, skids through lower, rather wide, Carey throws his hands tries to slap it through the point area, misses
32.4
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, a tad shorter, punched square of the wicket for a single
32.3
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, slow through the air, very full, and pushed back to Williamson
32.2
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Carey moves to the off-side and sweeps against the spin to deep square leg for a single
32.1
Williamson to Carey, no run, loopy off-break, very full, Carey reaches out and takes it on the full to swipe it down towards short fine leg
31.6
de Grandhomme to Carey, 1 run, pitches it on a good length again, and that's check-driven down to long-off for a single
31.5
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 1 run, another tight skidder without a lot of width, and that's a hasty short-arm jab square of the wicket for a single
31.4
de Grandhomme to Carey, 1 run, skids through from a length, slapped wristily off the backfoot towards sweeper cover for a single
31.3
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 1 run, on the pads, and that's whipped away late towards backward square leg for a single
31.2
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, good length skidder on the stumps, pushed off the backfoot to cover
31.1
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 2 runs, back of a length delivery on the thigh, tucked away off the backfoot for a single - and that brings up Khawaja's 12th ODI fifty. Just waves his bat to the dressing room. A much bigger job at hand.
30.6
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, on the pads this time, loads of guile and flight in that one, and that's whipped down to wide long-on for a single
30.5
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, reaches out to play a tempting off-break on a good length, gets a much thicker outside edge towards backward point - on the bounce
30.4
Williamson to Carey, 1 run, angled in, Carey gets on his knee and under-edges an attempted paddle towards short fine leg for a single
30.3
Williamson to Khawaja, 1 run, another full one, a tad more flat, drilled down to sweeper cover for a single
30.2
Williamson to Khawaja, 2 runs, very full from round the wicket, drifting in, spinning away, Khawaja throws his bat at the cover drive, gets a thin outside edge through a vacant slip region for a couple
30.1
Williamson to Khawaja, no run, tossed up full, dug out towards cover point
29.6
de Grandhomme to Carey, FOUR, cracking shot, too full and just outside off, Carey gets a big stride forward and thumps it back over his partner's head, well wide of mid-off and the ball runs away to the ropes
29.5
de Grandhomme to Carey, no run, nicely bowled, pitched around off and it left the batsman late - Carey was committed on the defensive push and is beaten on the outside edge - Latham was quick to whip the bails off, but Carey was firmly in the crease
29.4
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, driven past cover for a single
29.3
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, the slower off-cutter from CdG, Khawaja presses across and clips it to mid-wicket
29.2
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Khawaja gets a good stride forward and finds mid-off with the drive
29.1
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, punched straight to the fielder at cover
28.6
Ferguson to Carey, FOUR, easy pickings for Carey, leg-stump half-volley and he stylishly whips it backward of square on the on-side - the man in the deep can't get across and Carey adds another boundary to his tally
28.5
Ferguson to Carey, no run, another short delivery from Ferguson, rose on Carey even as he tried to get on top of the bounce - played with soft hands and drops it by his feet
28.4
Ferguson to Carey, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Carey hops across and defends it to the off-side
28.3
Ferguson to Carey, no run, that's a vicious bouncer, short and kept climbing onto the left-hander - Carey watched it all along, dropped his gloves at the last moment and sways away from the line
28.2
Ferguson to Carey, no run, Ferguson shortens his length around middle, Carey prods across and turns it to the on-side
28.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, back of a length and on Khawaja's hips, he gets inside the line and tucks it down to long leg
27.6
de Grandhomme to Carey, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump channel, pushed back at the bowler
27.5
de Grandhomme to Carey, no run, CdG shortens his length outside off, defended to the off-side
27.4
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 1 run, tad fuller and wider of off, Khawaja leans into the drive and gets a single to deep cover
27.3
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, on a length and at the stumps, pushed back at the bowler
27.2
de Grandhomme to Carey, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Carey stands tall and punches it in front of mid-off for a quick single
27.1
de Grandhomme to Carey, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, pushed back past the bowler
26.6
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Khawaja gets right behind the line and defends it to the off-side
26.5
Ferguson to Carey, 1 run, short of a length and on Carey's hips, nudged past square leg for a single
26.4
Ferguson to Carey, no run, Ferguson shortens his length outside off, Carey stays behind the line and defends it to the off-side
26.3
Ferguson to Carey, FOUR, beautifully played, too full and wide of off, Carey leans into the drive and finds the gap wide of cover - the timing is sublime and the ball rolls away to the ropes
26.2
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, Ferguson shortens his length outside off, played with an open face and runs it down to third man
26.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, Khawaja toe-ends the drive to cover
25.6
Neesham to Carey, FOUR, cracking shot, floaty half-volley outside off, Carey leans into the drive and places it into the gap wide of cover, the man in the deep is square and has no chance
25.5
Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run, back of a length and at the stumps, Khawaja stands tall and whips it backward of square on the on-side for a single
25.4
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, Neesham shortens his length and angles one across the left-hander, Khawaja was looking to dab it fine and gets a bottom-edge to the keeper
25.3
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, Khawaja lazily presses across and pushes it back at the bowler
25.2
Neesham to Carey, 1 run, Neesham is causing problems to the batsmen - the off-cutter that went with the angle, Carey checked his shot at the last moment and the ball looped wide of cover - went at a good catching height
25.1
Neesham to Carey, no run, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, defended to the off-side
24.6
Santner to Carey, 1 run, another very full ball from Santner, swept away behind square on the on-side for a single
24.5
Santner to Carey, no run, pushed through flatter and quicker, Carey shimmies down the track and blocks
24.4
Santner to Carey, no run, very full and drifting across the left-hander, Carey bends down low and laps it straight to short fine
24.3
Santner to Khawaja, 1 run, tossed up around middle, worked away towards long-on for a single
24.2
Santner to Khawaja, 2 runs, another reverse sweep from Khawaja, this time he gets it into the gap behind square on the off-side, comes back for the second run
24.1
Santner to Khawaja, no run, Khawaja brings out the reverse sweep now, gets on top of the bounce and finds short third man
23.6
Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run, back of a length and at the stumps, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
23.5
Neesham to Carey, 1 run, tad too straight from Neesham, worked wide of mid-wicket for a single
23.4
Neesham to Carey, no run, Neesham shortens his length outside off, Carey prods across and defends it back at the bowler
23.3
Neesham to Carey, no run, on a good length and well outside off, Carey covers the line and lets it go
23.2
Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run, edged and dropped, Latham got a glove on that, but couldn't hold on - another loose waft from Khawaja, went half-heartedly at a wide delivery - this time the thick edge was found, Latham did well to move across with the dive, went with his left hand and the ball popped out
23.1
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, loose from Khawaja, went frailing after a full and wide ball, could have so easily edged it to the keeper
22.6
Santner to Carey, no run, slower and wider of off, Carey pushes forward and toe-ends it to the off-side
22.5
Santner to Carey, FOUR, lovely, Carey is looking good, gets down low to a well flighted delivery, brings out the reverse sweep and beats backward point to his left. He's off to a start, Australia will hope for a big innings from their keeper
22.4
Santner to Khawaja, 1 run, Santner drifts one on Khawaja's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
22.3
Santner to Khawaja, no run, big turn for Santner and the ball struck Khawaja high on his back-pad, might have been spinning over? Nicely tossed up outside off, drew Khawaja forward and burst past the inside edge, struck him around the middle-stump
22.2
Santner to Khawaja, 2 runs, Santner drops one short and well outside off, Khawaja waits on it and then runs it fine, past the keeper and Khawaja is back for the second run
22.1
Santner to Carey, 1 run, tossed up well outside off, Carey bends down lowe and sweeps it behind square on the on-side for a single
21.6
Neesham to Carey, 1 run, short of a length and on Carey's hips, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
21.5
Neesham to Carey, FOUR, cracking shot, fraction overpitched and well wide of off, Carey leans into the drive and finds the gap wide of cover, no one moved and the ball raced away across the fast outfield
21.4
Neesham to Carey, no run, on a good length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
21.3
Neesham to Maxwell, out Caught&Bowled!! That's another stunner and Australia have lost half-their-side. The dangerous Maxwell departs and Australia are falling away, short and well outside off, Maxwell shaped up for the pull, went through with the shot early and the ball lobbed to the left of the bowler - off the cue end. Neesham was on his followthrough, throws himself at the ball and plucks another one-handed catch - the second of the day. He's mobbed by his teammates, the Trans-Tasman neighbours find themselves in deep strife wkt (5-92) min (8m). Maxwell c and b Neesham 1(5)
21.2
Neesham to Maxwell, no run, full and on the leg-stump line, Maxwell presses across and drives it straight to mid-on
21.1
Neesham to Maxwell, no run, fuller length delivery on Maxwell's pads, he shuffles across and finds mid-on with the flick
20.6
Santner to Maxwell, 1 run, pushed through quicker and sliding down leg, Maxwell was back on the tuck and gets an inside edge past the keeper
20.5
Santner to Maxwell, no run, much better from Santner, slower and drifting away from off, Maxwell was half-forward in defence and blocked
20.4
Santner to Khawaja, 1 run, Santner drifts one on Khawaja's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
20.3
Santner to Khawaja, no run, flighted delivery at the stumps, pushed back at the bowler
20.3
Santner to Khawaja, wide, 5 back-to-back boundaries, Santner hasn't settled one bit, drifts this one full and down the leg-side, Khawaja was looking to sweep and missed, so did Latham and the ball rolled away to the long leg boundary
20.2
Santner to Khawaja, FOUR, lovely, tad too short from Santner, the angle was always taking the ball away from the left-hander, Khawaja reaches out and cuts it square past cover, rolls away to the ropes
20.1
Santner to Khawaja, no run, tossed up on off, Khawaja gets well forward and defends
19.6
Neesham to Stoinis, out Caught by Latham!! This is nice Test match bowling from Neesham and it pays dividents. On a fuller length and in that corridor of uncertainty, Stoinis wasn't sure whether to commit forward or hang back. He pokes at it in an ungainly fashion, it nips away off the deck, clips the outside edge and settles into the gloves of Latham. New Zealand on top wkt (4-81) min (41m). Stoinis c Latham b Neesham 21(26) [4s-3]
19.5
Neesham to Khawaja, 1 run, charges forward and drives it to sweeper cover
19.4
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, again an exaggerated movement to the off-side, Neesham bowls it down the leg-side and it was not very far from the leg-stump. Neesham had his hand on his mouth
19.3
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and well wide of off, Khawaja was late on the attempted punch and he ends up mistiming it badly. Oen hand also came off the handle in tackling that
19.3
Neesham to Khawaja, wide, errs in line. It was well wide of off and umpire calls it wide
19.2
Neesham to Stoinis, 1 run, on a good length and some extra bounce off the deck, Stoinis controls it well and dabs it to third man
19.1
Neesham to Khawaja, leg byes, 1 run, almost walks across to the off-side, ir raps him on the pads. But he moved so much to the off-side that the impact was outside off. The Kiwis knew it so the appeal lasted not for long
18.6
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, sweeps it to fine leg
18.5
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, no run, sharp wrong 'un, he has got a good wrong 'un in his armoury and he is using it really well today. Khawaja was late to pick it but since he played it very late he got the time to adjust. In the end, he steered it away to point
18.4
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, 1 run, plunges forward and knocks it down the ground
18.3
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, fuller and spinning back into Khawaja, he nudges it to fine leg
18.2
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, 1 run, slower and lots of flight, Stoinis allows it to spin, plays it very late and steers it to sweeper cover
18.1
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, no run, loopy delivery wide of off, Stoinis steers it to backward point
17.6
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Khawaja takes a semi-stride forward and drives it straight to mid-off. Tidy start from Neesham!
17.5
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, this was timed really well but the placement wasn't that great. It was full and Khawaja straight drives it, mid-off comes across and stops it from going further
17.4
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, again, a very full delivery and it was well wide of off too. Khawaja left it alone
17.3
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, too full and too wide, Khawaja reaches for it and drives but finds the man at backward point
17.2
Neesham to Khawaja, no run, fuller and wide of off, Khawaja comes on the front foot and drives it straight to mid-off
17.1
Neesham to Stoinis, 1 run, gentle delivery to start his spell. It was down the leg-side and Stoinis nudges it wide of square leg to take a single
16.6
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, 1 run, yorker on the stumps, Stoinis digs it out and knocks it down the ground to retain the strike
16.5
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, no run, yet another wrong'un and he bowled it beautifully this time. Stoinis had no idea about it, it spins back in and misses his inside edge. It rapped him on the pads but was easily missing leg
16.4
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, another googly, Ish Sodhi gets the line wrong again as it ends up well wide of off. Khawaja goes back and cuts it to sweeper cover
16.3
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, no run, leggie spinning into Khawaja, he pushes it back to Ish Sodhi
16.2
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 2 runs, flighted delivery down the leg-side, Khawaja goes down on his knees and sweeps it fine of fine leg and comes back for a brace
16.1
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, no run, wrong 'un which ends up wide of off and Khawaja defends it to the off-side
15.6
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, Ferguson nails the yorker, Stoinis gets his bat down just in time and defends it to the off-side
15.5
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery shaping back into Stoinis who leaves it alone
15.4
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, has Kane taken that? He shakes his head immediately and yes it bounced just inches in front of the New Zealand skipper. Ferguson as he often does beats Stoinis for pace, he was just a late on the shot and hence ended up lofting it up in the air. But luckily for him it bounced before Kane at mid-off
15.3
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Khawaja throws his hands at it and cuts it wide of third man
15.2
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Khawaja uses his wrists to work it to mid-wicket
15.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, sharp bouncer from Ferguson! Khawaja gets away from the line, drops his wrists and leaves it alone
14.6
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, no run, flatter one on the stumps, Stoinis stays put and steers it to cover
14.5
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, no run, defended it to the off-side
14.4
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, no run, sharp wrong 'un, Stoinis fails to read it off the hand. He picked it up late and gets just about some bat to it to block it back
14.3
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, goes deep in the crease and pulls it to deep square leg
14.2
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, 1 run, knocks it down the ground for a single
14.1
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, FOUR, just over mid-on! It was flighted and was on the stumps, Stoinis came forward and lofted it over mid-on, gets just about enough bat on it to clear the man there
13.6
Ferguson to Khawaja, no run, bumper, Khawaja sways away from the line and leaves it alone
13.5
Ferguson to Stoinis, 1 run, he has the habit of bowling these spectacular deliveries. This one kicked off the deck viciously, Stoinis was stunned by the extra bounce. He got behind it somehow and steered it away to third man. It clipped the upper half of the bat
13.4
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, left alone
13.3
Ferguson to Stoinis, FOUR, top-shot! On a good length and wide of off, Stoinis plunges forward, uses the width to good effect and belts it wide of cover. It races to the fence in a canter. He has looked in good touch so far
13.2
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, 144 kph delivery angling back into the stumps, Stoinis takes out the straight bat and defends it back
13.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, 148 kph delivery on a fuller length, Khawaja stays put and taps it to mid-off with gentle hands. The mid-off fielder was deep and that allows a single to be taken
12.6
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, loppy leggie spinning into Khawaja, he allows it to spin, opens the face of the bat and steers it to deep backward point
12.5
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, 1 run, touch short and wide of off, Stoinis cuts it to sweeper cover
12.4
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, uses his wrists to work it to long-on
12.3
Ish Sodhi to Stoinis, 1 run, stays put and punches it down the ground
12.2
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, 1 run, this one was on the stumps, Khawaja goes down on his knees and paddles it to fine leg
12.1
Ish Sodhi to Khawaja, no run, googly to start his spell, it was well wide of off and Khawaja fails to pick it up. It goes past his outside edge
11.6
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Stoinis leaves it alone
11.5
Ferguson to Stoinis, FOUR, it was short and there was width, Stoinis went after it, timed the cut shot well. And Boult at third man makes a mess of it, done in by some awkward bounce, the spin took him over the ropes and by the time he recovered, the ball had enough momentum to roll onto the ropes
11.4
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, lifts his bat and lets it go
11.3
Ferguson to Stoinis, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Stoinis stays put and blocks it to the off-side
11.2
Ferguson to Smith, out Caught by Guptill!! What about that catch! An absolute blinder from Guptill! He has dropped two catches in the match so far but boy hasn't he made amends. It was short and was aimed at the body, Smith took it on and went for the pull shot. He timed it well enough but Guptill was stationed at leg-gully, he flew in the air, stretched his left hand and snaffled it. Brilliant! Australia in a spot of bother wkt (3-46) min (13m). Smith c Guptill b Ferguson 5(8)
11.1
Ferguson to Khawaja, 1 run, 143 kph delivery on a back of a length, it was on the pads and Khawaja clipped it wide of fine leg
10.6
Boult to Smith, no run, fuller and coming back into Smith, he moves across and nudges it to the on-side, straight to mid-wicket
10.5
Boult to Khawaja, 1 run, short and on the body, Khawaja swivels and pulls it to fine leg
10.4
Boult to Smith, 3 runs, 141 kph delivery snaking into Smith off the fuller length, he in his trademark style shuffles to the off-side and punches it down the ground. It beats mid-on but won't reach the fence. They will have to be content with three
10.3
Boult to Khawaja, 1 run, fuller and straighter, it was on the pads and Khawaja clipped it wide of square leg and collects a single
10.2
Boult to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and moving away from Khawaja, he failed to counter the late movement and it went past his outside edge
10.1
Boult to Khawaja, no run, it was short and it climbed off the deck, Khawaja went for the pull shot. He was taken aback by the extra bounce and ended up missing it. It thuds into the gloves of Latham
9.6
Ferguson to Smith, no run, shaping back into the right-hander from wide of the crease, Smith shuffles across and defends
9.5
Ferguson to Smith, no run, back of a length, rising up outside off. Smith gets on top of the bounce and blocks it to cover
9.4
Ferguson to Smith, 2 runs, goes fuller outside off, Smith flays it to point, dodgy bounce for Guptill and he can't stop it. Smith is off the mark
9.3
Ferguson to Smith, no run, tilts his bat across and pushes it to cover
9.2
Ferguson to Smith, no run, good length, threatens to straighten but Smith is right behind the line and defends it slightly off the outer half
9.1
Ferguson to Warner, out Caught by Latham!! My word! Monster delivery to get rid of Warner. What a start for Ferguson, he's been impressive in this tournament and strikes off his first ball here. The pacer is pumped and so are the Kiwis. It was peppered in short, kept climbing up awkwardly at Warner and he couldn't get his bat down and failed to evade the threat. It brushes the face of the bat and carries to the keeper. Absolute rippah and both openers back in the hut for Australia wkt (2-38) min (39m). Warner c Latham b Ferguson 16(23) [4s-3]
8.6
Boult to Khawaja, no run, slanted full outside off, sliced to point
8.5
Boult to Khawaja, 2 runs, fumble and it's from the skipper, Kane Williamson. This is a rare sight but proves that he's a human too. Spanked to the right of mid-off, KW was lazy to bend low and misfields, allowing the duo to steal a brace
8.4
Boult to Khawaja, FOUR, freebie from Boult and Khawaja accepts it gleefully. Getting across his stumps and glancing it past short fine leg. Seems like Boult is overcomplicating things and it's not working for him at the moment
8.3
Boult to Khawaja, no run, fuller length outside off, Khawaja stretches across and drives it to point
8.2
Boult to Khawaja, 2 runs, attacks the stumps with a length ball, Khawaja works it to the right of deep mid-wicket for a brace
8.1
Boult to Khawaja, no run, short of length outside off, Khawaja opens his bat face a touch and steers it to point
7.6
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, oh, another length delivery that kicks up after pitching. Warner was waiting on the back foot and meets it high on the bat. Takes his bottom hand off the glove evidently
7.5
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, length delivery, decking back into the left-hander. Warner blocks and manages an inside edge onto his pad
7.4
de Grandhomme to Warner, FOUR, stunner from Warner. Oozes class when he drives. It was fullish outside off, Warner quickly comes forward and slaps it firmly past mid-off
7.3
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 1 run, guided away to third man
7.2
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, Khawaja walks across and lines up for a cracking drive but Santner at extra cover throws up himself across to stop that. Outstanding committment from the left-arm spinner, saving four runs for his team
7.1
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, jagging away outside off, quelled to point
6.6
Boult to Warner, no run, good length delivery, defended
6.5
Boult to Warner, no run, teases Warner with a pitched up outside off, left alone
6.4
Boult to Warner, FOUR, pulled away through mid-wicket. Banged in short and Warner gets into a comfortable position, rolls his wrists and muscles it in the gap
6.3
Boult to Warner, no run, full and straight, blocked back to the bowler
6.2
Boult to Warner, 2 runs, in the air and just over point. Testing times these for Warner. It was on a back of a length and jumped up off the deck all a sudden to rattle Warner, who takes it high on the bat and couldn't get out of the firing line. It balloons up and fortunately for Warner, it beats Guptill's jump. He stretched his hand as high as he could but it eluded him and the end result is two runs to Warner
6.1
Boult to Warner, no run, 143kph, scrambled seam length delivery cutting back into the left-hander. Extra bounce befuddles Warner, who opts to stay in his crease and handles it by defending it off a closed bat-face to square leg
5.6
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, 2 runs, this should ease some nerves for Khawaja. Too full and straight from Grandhomme, Khawaja clips it stylishly past mid-wicket. Long chase from the fielder and gets to it eventually, couple of runs for Khawaja
5.5
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, oh, nervy poke from Khawaja. Length delivery, angling away just outside off. Khawaja with a half-hearted flirt and gets beaten
5.4
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, fuller outside off, Khawaja transfers his body weight forward and push-drives it to mid-off
5.4
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, wide, Grandhomme overdoes the swing and splays it down leg
5.3
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, serves it up outside off, driven straight to mid-off
5.2
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, good length from Grandhomme, Khawaja places it towards mid-off, was keen for the single but Warner is not so interested
5.1
de Grandhomme to Khawaja, no run, fuller outside off, Khawaja times the push to mid-off
4.6
Boult to Warner, no run, shortens his length outside off, punched to cover
4.5
Boult to Khawaja, 1 run, edged and dropped. Martin Guptill is the guilty culprit again and what a miss this is. No mercy here because it was relatively easier than the previous one that he dropped. In the tempting zone outside off, Khawaja doesn't mind and slashes his bat away from his body. Thick edge flies towards second slip where Guptill sprawls low and tries to go with both hands, ends up spilling it on the floor
4.4
Boult to Khawaja, no run, goodish length with a bit of iffy bounce, Khawaja diffuses it from the crease
4.3
Boult to Finch, out Lbw!! There you go! So often is the case, it's the bowler, who wins the battle. Boult redeems and draws first blood for New Zealand. Finch has been ambushed by a ripping inswinger. The feet didn't move, probably, the Australian captain didn't expect it to jag back into him. Spotted it pretty late and it was all over by then. Gets rapped on the front pad around the knee-roll in front of the stumps and HawkEye shows that it's hitting the middle and off-stump. The appeal though wasn't too convincing from Boult and Co. but umpire Joel Wilson was confident and raised his finger. Finch had a chat with Warner and decides against the review which was a good call wkt (1-15) min (19m). Finch lbw b Boult 8(15) [4s-1]
4.2
Boult to Finch, FOUR, after passing through the litmus test in the first two overs, Finch back to his best. Half-volley just outside off, Finch loads his bottom-hand and hammers it past mid-on
4.1
Boult to Finch, no run, fuller length, nipping closer to off. Finch defends it off the middle to cover
3.6
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, fullish outside off, Warner leans into the drive and finds mid-off
3.5
de Grandhomme to Finch, leg byes, 1 run, spearing on leg-stump, Finch was moving across and fails to connect the glance. Struck high on the pad and it drops in front of square leg
3.4
de Grandhomme to Warner, 1 run, good length, accurate at the stumps. Warner nurdles it softly to square leg
3.3
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, overpitched delivery from Grandhomme, Warner dealt with alacrity and creams it sweetly but extra cover intervenes
3.2
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, length, sliding on leg and Warner misses the nudge and wears it on the thigh pad
3.1
de Grandhomme to Finch, 1 run, swerving away outside off, Finch extends his hands and throws his bat to carve it over point. Third man is square, so just a single
2.6
Boult to Warner, FOUR, that's a loosener from Boult. First bad ball and Warner duly dispatches it from his presence. Getting across towards off-stump and whacking it past mid-wicket
2.5
Boult to Finch, 1 run, tailing away outside off, Finch uses the pace and dinks it to third man
2.4
Boult to Finch, no run, pitched up, testing line and Finch blocks it
2.3
Boult to Finch, 2 runs, fierce bottom-hand whip from Finch, mercilessly flicking it away through mid-wicket and comes back for the second
2.2
Boult to Finch, no run, moving away just outside off, Finch raises his bat
2.1
Boult to Warner, 1 run, first runs for Australia. First runs for Warner and it has taken him 7 balls to get off the mark. Tells you the kind of discipline both the new ball bowlers have shown here for New Zealand. It was the inswinger on leg-stump, Warner tucks it towards square leg and opens his account
1.6
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, slightly full but this one rears up to surprise Finch, who yanks his bottom hand off the handle after defending it high on the bat. Two maidens on the trott, what a start this by New Zealand
1.5
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, very full outside off, Finch drills it straight to mid-off
1.4
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, in-angler, cutting Finch for room. Pushed gently to extra cover
1.3
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, dropped by Guptill. It was a sharp chance but Guptill can't grab it. Early lifeline for Finch but it wasn't easy by any means. But if there was one fielder in the New Zealand unit who could've pouched it, it was Guptill. Anyway, it was the sucker ball outside off and Finch couldn't control his instincts. Driving it airly to the right of short extra cover where the opener flew to his right and sticks his right hand. It strikes his wrists and bobbles away
1.2
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, shorter in length outside off, Finch punches it to cover
1.1
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, fullish on off-stump, Finch plunges forward and shows his straight bat
0.6
Boult to Warner, no run, induces the outside edge, the third slip was waiting but it dies in front of him. Brisk away-swinger, curls away later and Warner nearly took the bait. Luckily, pushes it with soft hands and the edge bounces in front of the fielder
0.5
Boult to Warner, no run, oh, this one straightens after pitching and squares up Warner a bit as his head was falling away, meaning he was closing the bat face in order to tuck it to the leg-side. Gets opened up and it trims the outer half, dipping towards point
0.4
Boult to Warner, no run, 137kph, pitches it fuller around off. Warner with a diffident forward press to bunt it out
0.3
Boult to Warner, no run, goes wider of off, Warner reaches out and drives it straight to extra cover
0.2
Boult to Warner, no run, immaculate line from Boult. Good length swinging away in the channel outside off, Warner is cautious and watches it all along before lifting his bat
0.1
Boult to Warner, no run, outswinger on a fuller length, nice seam presentation as it lands. Warner casually comes forward and defends it
Commnetary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Henry Nicholls,Boult,Latham,Neesham,Santner,Ferguson,Ish Sodhi
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
