49.6
Stoinis to Mortaza, out Caught by Maxwell!! Beaming faces for Australia and their fans. They win this and go to the top of the table with a convincing 48 run win. Short and slow, Mortaza went for the pull and found one of the safest pair of hands in world cricket at deep mid wkt (8-333) min (7m). Mortaza c Maxwell b Stoinis 6(5) [4s-1]
49.5
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, creams the low full toss away to long-on for a single. 49 more needed, one ball to go
49.4
Stoinis to Mortaza, 1 run, pushed out into the off-side for a single
49.3
Stoinis to Mortaza, FOUR, muscles the slower delivery down the ground for a one bounce four. This is Bangladesh's highest total ever in an ODI. Reduces the margin of defeat and boosts their NRR
49.2
Stoinis to Mortaza, no run, exposes his sticks and looks to slog sweep it but ends up missing it
49.1
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, tucks the ball out into the on-side and they get a single
48.6
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, First WC century for Rahim! Seventh in ODIs. But won't be enough for Bangladesh today. Was a length ball and was pushed out into the off-side for a single. Has hit the ball well today but it needed a more powerfull effort
48.5
Starc to Rahim, no run, on a length and has been pushed out into the off-side. First defensive block from Rahim after a long time. Pressure of 99?
48.4
Starc to Mortaza, 1 run, nails the yorker from round the wicket and Mortaza gets it off the outer edge as he tried to close the face of the bat. The ball dribbled away to third man
48.3
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, darts the yorker in at the base of the sticks and was clipped away off the pads for a single. Moves to 99 does Rahim
48.2
Starc to Mehidy Hasan, out Caught by Warner!! Chips it on the clip and the man at mid-on takes it. That was bowled at 145kph, Mehidy Hasan backed away and looked to clip it but failed to supply any power into the shot and Warner takes one of his easiest catches. Starc gets another wicket. Second of the day and 16th of the tournament wkt (7-323) min (14m). Mehidy Hasan c Warner b Starc 6(7)
48.1
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, yorkerish delivery at the base of the sticks and was dug out to the man at point for a single. Just opened the face of the bat on impact
47.6
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, Stoinis has been superb at the death! A floaty yorker and was dug out into the off-side for a single. Gets the strike. On 97
47.5
Stoinis to Rahim, no run, slower bumper and Rahim fails to upper cut it. Was done in by the lack of pace
47.4
Stoinis to Rahim, FOUR, widish yorker and takes the toe-end of the bat to run away fine for a four. Lucky and takes him to 96. Deserves a ton
47.3
Stoinis to Rahim, 2 runs, slog swept away and the man at fine leg does well to dive to his left and stop it. Was a slower delivery and Rahim picked it late to slog sweep that
47.2
Stoinis to Rahim, FOUR, looks to smash it down the ground and gets it just over the man at mid-off. Finch there jumped up, but failed to get there
47.1
Stoinis to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, slower delivery outside off and has been slashed away to deep cover for a single
46.6
Starc to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, angles in the length ball and has been mistimed over the bowler's head. They will get a single. Only 6 off the over. Has killed of the chase that wicket off Mahmudullah
46.5
Starc to Mehidy Hasan, no run, full toss and has been on-driven down to mid-on. Mushi wanted a single but was sent back. The fielder at mid-on had a shy at the bowler's end but missed. I guess, Rahim would have made it back
46.4
Starc to Mehidy Hasan, 2 runs, upper cut over point but not well timed and the man at deep third man cuts the ball off. Two more, a bargain Aussies won't mind much
46.3
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, yorkerish delivery outside off and has been dug out into the off-side for a single. Excellent over from Starc
46.2
Starc to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, low full toss at the sticks and Mehidy Hasan looking to clip it away, gets it off the leading edge past cover for a single
46.1
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, backs away, exposes his sticks and pushes the ball out to mid-off for a single. Singles won't help them at all
45.6
Coulter Nile to Rahim, 1 run, shortish delivery and has been pulled out to deep mid for a single
45.5
Coulter Nile to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, guards the line of the ball and knocks it out into the on-side for a single. 79 more needed now
45.4
Coulter Nile to Sabbir Rahman, out Bowled!! First game of the tournament and its a golden duck for Sabbir Rahman. Not a great time to come in and he was fending at that to get an inside edge which recoiled back on to his sticks. Coulter Nile is on a hat-trick now. Tame dismissal for Sabbir Rahman. Bangladesh have a quiet moment for a change wkt (6-302) min (2m). Sabbir Rahman b Coulter Nile 0(1)
45.3
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, out Caught by Pat Cummins!! Flat hit and taken by the man at deep square leg. That was short, Mahmudullah climbed on to it but hit it straight to the fielder. Was hit flat and hence contributed to his dismissal as he needed elevation on that shot. Coulter Nile gets a wicket. Has bowled well on a high scoring venue wkt (5-302) min (70m). Mahmudullah c Pat Cummins b Coulter Nile 69(50) [4s-5 6s-3]
45.2
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, did Starc miss it in the shadows? Starc never took off despite the ball being in the air for a decent time. He then dived facewards and almost allowed the ball to slip away to the fence. That was slogged away but didn't time it to send it to the long-on region. What was Starc doing? I am sure he didn't pick it early
45.1
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, no run, charges out to a slower delivery outside off and misses. Jumped the trigger of the gun too early
44.6
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, hops back and tucks the ball away into the on-side for a single. 11 off the over
44.5
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, SIX, uses the bat like a rocket launcher and ushers the ball over deep mid for a sixer. Fuller delivery outside off and Mahmudullah dragged it away over the on-side. That sailed into the crowd. 83 more needed
44.4
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, stays inside the line of the ball and steers it down to third man for a single. 89 more needed. Has been a fine over for Australia
44.3
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, slices the length delivery outside off and gets it down to deep cover for a single
44.2
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, top-edge on the pull and it lands well short of the man at deep square for a single. That was banged in short from Pat Cummins and Rahim looked like he was slightly late on the shot
44.1
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, gives room, lot of it, then smacks the length delivery away to deep mid for a single
43.6
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, 1 run, neatly tucks the ball out into the on-side for a single
43.5
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, FOUR, little backing away movement and gets a full toss which he clips it away to deep square leg for a four. Perfect amalgamation of timing and placement. 11 off the over so far
43.4
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, FOUR, fifty for Mahmudullah and what a way to get it! Full and wide, Mahmudullah reached out for it and almost sliced the ball past point for a four. Laid bat on it and relied on timing to take it away to the fence. Can he keep finding these at a better frequency?
43.3
Coulter Nile to Rahim, 1 run, picks the short ball but finds the man at deep square leg on the pull. That went over the square leg umpire's head
43.2
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, 1 run, to backward square leg, Mahmudullah fails to pick it up early and satiates himself with a tuck off the pads for a single
43.1
Coulter Nile to Rahim, 1 run, low full toss outside off and has been driven out into the covers for a single. They need 15 per over. Have to take it over by over if they intend to chase this down
42.6
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, backs away and steers the ball away to third man for a single
42.5
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, plays the dab outside off and runs it down to third man for a single
42.5
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, wide, partnership comes up 100th! This has been a good one. But can they extend this into something miraculous from here? That was full and wide, Mahmudullah tried to eke the ball out but missed. Anyways it was wided
42.4
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, whips the fuller delivery off the pads into the on-side for a single. Barring the 5 wides, has been a good over
42.3
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, works a fuller ball off the pads into the on-side for a single. Played it with soft hands to get a double but had to be content with a single
42.2
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, slower delivery outside off and has been pushed out into the off-side for a single
42.2
Pat Cummins to Rahim, wide, full and wide, outside the tramline and has been wided
42.2
Pat Cummins to Rahim, wide, 5 that's the second time Carey has let it go through. Banged in short, spun away from the keeper at the last second as it was a slower delivery. Rahim tried to upper cut, missed and so did the keeper to gift 5 runs to Australia
42.1
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads and has been nudged out into the on-side for a single. 117 more needed now. That's a lot!!!
41.6
Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run, drop and run..wants the strike. That was a tossed up delivery and was pushed out into the off-side for a quick single
41.5
Zampa to Mahmudullah, SIX, stays deep in his crease and biffs the ball over widish long-on. Cleared his front leg, didn't give away much to the bowler and knelt down at the last moment to slam it over long-on. Second sixer of the over
41.4
Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run, flatter delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
41.3
Zampa to Mahmudullah, SIX, charges out and smokes it over long-on. Biggggggg hit! Loopy ball and Mahmudullah put his skating shoes on to send the ball on a journey. Bangladesh need more of it
41.2
Zampa to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, heaves the ball away across the line and the man at long-on cuts it off to his right
41.1
Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run, flighted outside off and Mahmudullah looks to take the skin off the ball but ends up inside edging it for the keeper to pick it up
40.6
Stoinis to Rahim, no run, slower short delivery down leg and the lap fine attempted by Rahim doesn't bear any result as he fails to nail it. Misses and despite the ball being slightly down leg, wasn't wided as the batter was shuffling across his sticks
40.5
Stoinis to Mahmudullah, 1 run, whippy clip off a fuller ball and the man at deep mid cuts it off. Superb off thus far barring the full toss on the pads
40.4
Stoinis to Mahmudullah, no run, right up there! Into the blockhole and Mahmudullah digs the ball out by getting the bat down in time
40.3
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, driven powerfully into the covers and a single it is
40.2
Stoinis to Mahmudullah, 1 run, full toss and has been clipped away behind square for a single
40.1
Stoinis to Rahim, leg byes, 1 run, looks to slog sweep and the ball bounces away off his pads into the on-side
39.6
Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run, tries to cut a ball that's too close to off, almost chops it back. The under-edge bounces off the pitch into Carey's gloves
39.5
Zampa to Mahmudullah, FOUR, an appeal for leg before here, but it's probably come off Mahmudullah's bottom edge. Planted his front foot right across off for a hard sweep, only to send it pretty fine. Would've been trapped in front if not for the bat involved
39.4
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, dances down and mistimes the drive to mid-on. Was looking to go over Starc there, but Zampa's drift came in sneakily and denied him the room
39.3
Zampa to Rahim, no run, pushed back to Zampa
39.2
Zampa to Rahim, FOUR, this time Rahim does beat Maxwell in the deep. Had to bring out the reverse-sweep to achieve that. Hits it sweetly over backward point
39.1
Zampa to Rahim, 2 runs, Australia's fielding standards haven't even dropped a bit, even with this game in their control. Maxwell dives full stretch running from sweeper cover to prevent Rahim's hammering drive from reaching the boundary
38.6
Stoinis to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, two more through a flick shot which is placed to the left of Zampa at fine leg
38.5
Stoinis to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, tailing in on leg stump, Mahmudullah works it in front of square in between two fielders and dashes back for the second
38.4
Stoinis to Mahmudullah, no run, Mahmudullah had made some room for himself which was effectively cancelled out by Stoinis following him. Not only that, he got it right in the blockhole too, beating Mahmudullah's batswing
38.3
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, slower length ball on middle and leg, swung away to long leg
38.2
Stoinis to Rahim, 2 runs, overpitches this slower ball around off and is drilled back down the ground. Probably managed to take some of the pace off the shot by sticking his boot out. It allows mid-on to chase the ball down
38.1
Stoinis to Mahmudullah, 1 run, floaty full toss on off stump, great lack of ambition from Mahmudullah as he gently clips it through midwicket
37.6
Starc to Rahim, no run, 151kph, rapid yorker outside off that storms past Rahim
37.5
Starc to Rahim, no run, nicely dug out. Fiery yorker outside off, jammed to point
37.4
Starc to Rahim, FOUR, watched it all the way, and then helped it over the keeper. Slower bouncer, Rahim rose with it and ramped it fine of third man
37.3
Starc to Mahmudullah, leg byes, 1 run, 149kph, Mahmudullah's way too late on it. Skids through from back of a length and raps him on the pad. Would've missed leg stump comfortably though
37.2
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length on middle and leg, clipped down to fine leg
37.1
Starc to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of length, homing in on Mahmudullah who shuffles inside the line of it and awkwardly lobs it in front of deep backward square
36.6
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, throws his head back as he cuts this straight to Smith at backward point. Had got the timing on point, not the placement
36.5
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, short of length around the waist, Rahim blocks it down the pitch
36.4
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, backs away too far and takes himself out of reach of this wide yorker
36.3
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 2 runs, short of length from Cummins, was an off-pace delivery which sat up for Rahim once he picked it. Pulled nicely in front of square. Excellent stop from Stoinis at the boundary to keep them to two
36.2
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, short of length delivery around off, stabbed to the left of backward point
36.1
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, back of a length delivery around off, dabbed wide of point
35.6
Starc to Mahmudullah, 1 run, Starc just shy of nailing the yorker, eased into the cover
35.5
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, length ball outside off, Rahim goes after it with a vengeance but can only get an outside edge on it. Flies down to third man
35.4
Starc to Mahmudullah, 1 run, clipped neatly through to deep midwicket
35.3
Starc to Mahmudullah, no run, speared in full at the stumps, turned to midwicket
35.2
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, full ball slanted in on off, driven firmly to the left of mid-off. Needed a diving stop from Finch to save the boundary
35.1
Starc to Rahim, FOUR, short and wide, slapped belligerently through point. Purrs to the fence
34.6
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, pulled down to fine leg
34.5
Pat Cummins to Rahim, FOUR, awkwardly done from Rahim but he's managed to tuck it past the keeper for four. Was cramped as this short of length delivery came back into him, got into a bit of a tangle, but ensured he played it softly by taking the bottom hand off. Brings up his fifty
34.4
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, another slower off-cutter, steered to point again
34.3
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, back of a length on middle, cuts back into Rahim who guides it to point
34.2
Pat Cummins to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man. Rode the bounce by jumping in his crease
34.1
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, length ball slanted into middle and leg, clipped through to deep square leg
33.6
Zampa to Mahmudullah, FOUR, flighted up around off, Mahmudullah steps to the leg-side looking to make room to carve it over extra cover. Hadn't got to the pitch, so the turn takes it off the outside half and the miscue is sliced over backward point
33.5
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, nicely cut off the back foot through point
33.4
Zampa to Rahim, no run, sliding in on leg, short enough for Rahim to pull but he's a bit late and mistimes it to short fine
33.3
Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run, loopy full toss outside off, driven to sweeper cover
33.2
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, slightly short outside off, chopped to the rigth of backward point
33.1
Zampa to Rahim, no run, drifting in on middle, defended to cover
32.6
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, no run, short of length delivery outside off, slashes and misses
32.5
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, FOUR, heaved away wide of deep midwicket. Back of a length into leg stump, Mahmudullah forsook his usual grace as he swung brutally across the line of it
32.4
Coulter Nile to Rahim, 1 run, short of length around the waist, this time he waited back in the crease and pulled it to deep midwicket
32.3
Coulter Nile to Rahim, FOUR, advances down and cracks it over midwicket. Adventurous from Rahim, has the skill to back it up too. It bounces just inside the boundary
32.2
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, 1 run, back of a length delivery in the channel just outside off, Mahmudullah runs it down to third man
32.1
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, no run, back of a length delivery at the stumps, blocked into the on-side
31.6
Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run, looped up outside off, hauled straight back down the ground. Came off the inside half so the timing wasn't there, long-off cuts it off
31.5
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, short ball on middle, pulled to deep midwicket
31.4
Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run, pushed through flatter on middle, punched to long-on
31.3
Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run, length ball wide of off, Mahmudullah chases after it and is beaten
31.2
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, flat at the stumps, Rahim clips it through midwicket
31.1
Zampa to Rahim, no run, flighted up beautifully. Plenty of revs too, which ensures that it dips on Rahim as he comes forward to defend and turns past his edge
30.6
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, blocked
30.5
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, stabbed to point
30.4
Coulter Nile to Rahim, 1 run, pitch up outside off, flayed to sweeper cover
30.3
Coulter Nile to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of length around the waist, pulls it down to fine leg
30.2
Coulter Nile to Rahim, 1 run, length ball outside off, driven to deep point
30.1
Coulter Nile to Rahim, no run, back of a length on off, blocked to point
29.6
Zampa to Mahmudullah, no run, flatter in trajectory, Mahmudullah comes down the track and digs it out towards cover
29.5
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, shortish, pulled to deep mid-wicket for a single
29.4
Zampa to Rahim, no run, topspinner, loads of overspin, gets big on Rahim (most things do), and he misses the backfoot-tuck - into the 'keeper's gloves and out
29.3
Zampa to Mahmudullah, 1 run, full and wide outside off, reaches out and drives it away towards sweeper cover for a single
29.2
Zampa to Liton Das, out Lbw!! It's been given LBW! Are they reviewing? They are! A flipper (backspinner) I think, skids through towards leg-stump, Liton Das is hurried and jack-knifes, misses, trying to whip it across the line - hitting leg-stump, umpire's call! It is withheld, and Liton has to walk back wkt (4-175) min (29m). Liton Das lbw b Zampa 20(17) [4s-3]
29.1
Zampa to Liton Das, no run, full-toss on off, Liton Das comes down the track and pushes it back
28.6
Coulter Nile to Rahim, no run, good length delivery on off, defended from the crease
28.5
Coulter Nile to Rahim, no run, skiddy from a length, a crouchy carve, and stopped by backward point
28.4
Coulter Nile to Liton Das, 1 run, into the body, short, a shuffle and a guided pull towards fine leg for a single
28.3
Coulter Nile to Liton Das, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on the pads, clipped away off the pads towards cow corner for a couple
28.2
Coulter Nile to Liton Das, FOUR, short on the body, Liton Das picks it up very early, and pulls it over short midwicket to the cow corner fence for four
28.1
Coulter Nile to Rahim, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, Rahim gets his weight forward into a drive through sweeper cover for a single
27.6
Pat Cummins to Liton Das, FOUR, overpitched, Liton Das leans into a well-timed cover drive, and Stoinis manages a mess-up at the fence - rolls onto the boundary
27.5
Pat Cummins to Liton Das, no run, short of length delivery rising on the hip, tucked into the on-side
27.4
Pat Cummins to Liton Das, FOUR, fuller length delivery on middle, check-driven straight down the ground for four
27.3
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length delivery angling in, straightening, a backfoot block attempted, and a thick outside edge towards third man for a single
27.2
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, fuller length delivery on middle, defended from the crease into the off-side
27.1
Pat Cummins to Liton Das, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the thigh, tucked away towards fine leg for a single
26.6
Starc to Rahim, FOUR, full and wide outside off, Rahim leans into a transfer-of-weight drive through the extra cover region for four
26.5
Starc to Liton Das, 1 run, short one on the chest, pulled away towards deep square leg for a single
26.4
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, fuller length delivery on the pads, whipped away towards deep square leg for a single
26.3
Starc to Rahim, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, poked away towards backward point
26.2
Starc to Liton Das, 1 run, shortish one angling outside off, pulled away behind square leg for a single
26.1
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, rises from a short of length, a hop and a steer away to third man for a single
25.6
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, on the pads, clipped away towards fine leg for a single
25.5
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Rahim gets onto the backfoot and pokes it away towards backward point
25.4
Pat Cummins to Liton Das, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven away square of the wicket for a single
25.3
Pat Cummins to Liton Das, no run, good length delivery wide outside off, poked away to backward point
25.2
Pat Cummins to Rahim, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, Rahim throws his bat, the ball flies off the outside edge to third man for a single
25.1
Pat Cummins to Rahim, no run, good length delivery outside off, Rahim walks at it and punches it to cover
24.6
Starc to Liton Das, no run, short of length delivery angling outside off, Liton Das opens the face after a hop and steers it away behind point
24.5
Starc to Liton Das, no run, short of length delivery on the throat, Liton Das hops and fends it into the wicket
24.4
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, leans in and drives it down to deep extra cover for a single
24.3
Starc to Liton Das, 1 run, good length delivery on the pads, clipped away towards deep square leg for a single
24.2
Starc to Liton Das, no run, on the helmet! A short, sharp one on the helmet @143km/h | 89mph. He takes his eye off, and that's crashed into the temple. Starc is concerned. Everyone is. Takes off his helmet, and Liton Das does look a little dazed. They're definitely going to have a change in helmets. A short break as the physio and co. walk out...
24.1
Starc to Tamim, out Bowled! Oh that is unfortunate! Despair in the moist eyes of Tamim Iqbal. Pitching on a short of length, @146km/h, Tamim just tries to poke it away behind square, but plays on instead - Starc covers his mouth as he jogs past the batsman, sniggering his heart out at him, whilst also taking care not to tick off any officials. Or have his match fee docked off wkt (3-144) min (103m). Tamim b Starc 62(74) [4s-6]
23.6
Zampa to Rahim, 2 runs, on the thigh, tucked off the backfoot towards backward square leg for a couple
23.6
Zampa to Rahim, wide, inside the tramline and turning away outside the line, wide called
23.5
Zampa to Rahim, no run, tossed up on a tempting length, a lunge forward and a deadbat offered by Rahim
23.4
Zampa to Tamim, 1 run, skidder on leg-stump, an angled-batted drive off the backfoot towards deep mid-wicket for a single
23.3
Zampa to Tamim, no run, tossed up full, driven away towards cover off the frontfoot
23.2
Zampa to Tamim, FOUR, leg-break, flat on middle and off, Tamim shuffles across to get behind the line, sweeps it over the in-field to the deep square leg boundary for four
23.1
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, short and wide, slapped away off the backfoot for a single to sweeper cover
22.6
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, short one at the head, Rahim arches back, gets bat on it, in the airrrrr, and away to third man for a single
22.5
Starc to Tamim, 3 runs, very full and wide, drilled away throgh the covers, and the substitute, Lyon, dives to cut it off
22.4
Starc to Rahim, 1 run, length delivery angling away, a waft, and a thick outside edge to third man for a single
22.3
Starc to Rahim, no run, short of length delivery seaming back into the groin, a jump and a jack-knife, thuds off the abdomen towards towards the 'keeper's right - the batsman takes off blindly, and he was gone if the throw hit at the striker's end!
22.2
Starc to Rahim, no run, back of a length delivery on off and middle, hastily deadbatted off the backfoot
22.1
Starc to Tamim, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, driven to mid-off away from the body for a single
21.6
Zampa to Rahim, no run, skids through outside off, Rahim comes down the track and pokes it away awkwardly towards cover point
21.5
Zampa to Rahim, SIX, tossed up, Rahim is very quick down the track, takes it on the full and lofts it high over the long-on fence for six
21.4
Zampa to Tamim, 1 run, full on the boots, whipped down to long-on
21.3
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, very full, driven back through the legs of Zampa for a single
21.2
Zampa to Rahim, no run, tossed up outside off, whip-driven to cover
21.1
Zampa to Tamim, 1 run, skids through outside off, punched off the backfoot towards long-on for a single
20.6
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, full-toss on the pads again, whipped away to backward square leg for another single
20.5
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, on the pads once again, clipped away towards deep square leg for a single
20.4
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, shortish without any width, a hop and a tap on the head to third man for a single
20.3
Stoinis to Tamim, FOUR, short and on the body, pulled hard to the backward square leg fence for four
20.2
Stoinis to Tamim, no run, yorker length delivery on the stumps, driven back off the toe-end, the bowler throws - and he's hit the batsman
20.1
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, on the pads, whipped away on the walk towards backward square leg for a single
19.6
Zampa to Rahim, 1 run, risky from Rahim, tad too full for the sweep, he bent down low and just about managed to get bat on it, looped behind square on the on-side for a single
19.5
Zampa to Rahim, no run, pushed through flatter and quicker as Rahim came down the track, beaten in the flight, Rahim lunged forward on the defensive push
19.4
Zampa to Rahim, no run, Zampa drifts one around off, Rahim was pushing forward with soft hands, gets an inside edge and the ball rolls to the keeper
19.3
Zampa to Rahim, no run, tossed up just outside off, punched back at the bowler
19.2
Zampa to Rahim, FOUR, beautifully played, tossed up at the stumps, Rahim bends down low, reverses his stance and gets the sweep well over backward point, he's looking to be positive today
19.1
Zampa to Rahim, 2 runs, deft touch from Rahim, bends down low, uses the pace on the ball and laps it very fine, comes back for the second run
18.6
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, short of a good length and on Rahim's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a run
18.5
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, a direct hit and Rahim could have been running to the pavilion, another bad call from Tamim, his running has been average today, nudged it to the left of mid-wicket and set-off for a quick single - Steve Smith was quick on the ball, had time to settle and then had a shy, missed with Rahim not even in the frame
18.4
Stoinis to Tamim, no run, another slower off-cutter from Stoinis, Tamim drops it in front of cover with the defensive push
18.3
Stoinis to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, steered behind square on the off-side for a single
18.2
Stoinis to Rahim, no run, short of a good length and at the stumps, Rahim prods half-forward and defends
18.1
Stoinis to Shakib, out Caught by Warner!! That's a massive wicket - Warner is chuffed to bits and Shakib looks despondent, full and on the pads, the slower ball from Stoinis, Shakib was looking to work it to the on-side, closed the bat-face early and the fat leading edge is gobbled up at mid-off. The Bangladesh section of the crowd look stunned and so is their star batsman wkt (2-102) min (61m). Shakib c Warner b Stoinis 41(41) [4s-4]
17.6
Zampa to Shakib, 1 run, very full and on Shakib's pads, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
17.5
Zampa to Tamim, 1 run, loopy delivery outside leg, Tamim leans across and works it behind square on the on-side for a single
17.4
Zampa to Shakib, 1 run, dropped short and at the stumps, allows Shakib to work it past square leg for a single
17.3
Zampa to Tamim, 1 run, tossed up at the stumps, Tamim stays back and works it wide of mid-wicket for a single
17.2
Zampa to Tamim, no run, tossed up around middle, Tamim played back once again and blocked it back at the bowler
17.1
Zampa to Tamim, no run, lovely, Zampa starts with a zippy slider, kept going with the angle, Tamim went back on the defensive push and is beaten
16.6
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, short and on Tamim's hips, he swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it behind square on the on-side
16.5
Stoinis to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven in front of mid-off for a quick single
16.4
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, tad too short from Stoinis, pulled away past square leg for a single
16.3
Stoinis to Tamim, no run, Stoinis shortens his length outside off, Tamim shuffles across and drops it in front of cover-point
16.2
Stoinis to Tamim, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Tamim drops it in front of cover and took a setp down the track, Shakib responded and was sent back in the nick of time
16.1
Stoinis to Tamim, FOUR, cracking shot, Stoinis took the pace off this short ball, but there's plenty of width and Tamim crashed it past the flying fielder at backward point
15.6
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 1 run, short of a length and just outside off, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
15.5
Coulter Nile to Shakib, 1 run, another bouncer from Coulter Nile, Shakib swivels across and pulls it to deep mid-wicket for a single
15.4
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 1 run, Coulter Nile shortens his length and tucks Tamim up for room, worked past square leg for a single
15.3
Coulter Nile to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length and angling across the left-hander, chopped away behind square on the off-side for a single
15.2
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 1 run, short of a good length and around the off-stump channel, nudged past square leg for a single
15.1
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 2 runs, banged in short and well outside off, Tamim swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it wide of mid-wicket for a couple of runs
14.6
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, Stoinis shortens his length around middle, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
14.5
Stoinis to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery and in that channel around off, driven to the left of mid-off for a single
14.4
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, fraction fuller and at the stumps, worked away in front of square on the on-side for a single
14.3
Stoinis to Shakib, 1 run, Stoinis shortens his length outside off, worked away in front of square on the on-side for a single
14.2
Stoinis to Tamim, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Tamim mistimes the pull and gets it wide of mid-on for a single
14.1
Stoinis to Shakib, 1 run, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, nudged behind square on the off-side for a single
13.6
Coulter Nile to Shakib, 1 run, low full-toss from Coulter Nile, whipped away past square leg for a single
13.5
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, Shakib was half-forward on the defensive push, gets an inside edge to the on-side
13.4
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 1 run, another short ball from Coulter Nile, Tamim was late on the pull and drags it behind square, off the inner half of the bat
13.3
Coulter Nile to Tamim, no run, the bouncer from Coulter Nile, Tamim ducks under it and lets it go
13.2
Coulter Nile to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length and angling across the left-hander, dabbed behind square on the off-side for a single
13.1
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Shakib gets half-forward as he looked to defend, off the inside edge to the on-side
12.6
Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run, more boos from the crowd as the return finds a Bangladeshi batsman - nudged behind square and Tamim was running to the striker's end
12.5
Maxwell to Shakib, 2 runs, Maxwell drifts one on Shakib's pads, he waits on it and then works it behind square on the on-side, comes back for the second run
12.4
Maxwell to Shakib, no run, slower and at the stumps, Shakib prods across and turns it to the on-side
12.3
Maxwell to Shakib, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Shakib, tossed up at the stumps, he leans forward and lifts it once again back over the bowler's head - the timing is sublime and the fielder has no chance
12.2
Maxwell to Shakib, FOUR, lovely shot, the lofted on-drive from Shakib, gets close to the ball, covers for the angle and with a high elbow - chips it back over the bowler's head, well wide of the reach of Coulter Nile - running across from long-on
12.1
Maxwell to Tamim, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, Tamim plays with an open face and guides it behind square on the off-side for a single
11.6
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 1 run, Coulter Nile shortens his length outside off, Tamim plays with soft hands and the ball rolls in front of cover, calls his partner for a quick single
11.5
Coulter Nile to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, driven to the right of mid-off for a single
11.4
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 1 run, short of a good length and on Tamim's body, nudged wide of mid-wicket for a single
11.3
Coulter Nile to Tamim, no run, back of a length and well outside off, Tamim was looking to drop it to the off-side, played late and the ball rolled to the keeper
11.2
Coulter Nile to Shakib, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, cramped for room on the pull was Shakib - manages to work it past square leg
11.1
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, that's a quick bouncer from Coulter Nile, Shakib watches it all along and ducks under it
10.6
Maxwell to Tamim, no run, slower and drifting away from outside off, Tamim leans across and pushes it to the off-side
10.5
Maxwell to Tamim, no run, Maxwell tosses one just outside off, defended back at the bowler
10.4
Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run, tossed up around the leg-stump line, nudged wide of mid-wicket for a single
10.3
Maxwell to Shakib, 2 runs, risky, tossed up wider of off, Shakib had to reach out on the drive, slices it uppishly and over backward point for a brace
10.2
Maxwell to Shakib, 2 runs, slower and wider of off, Shakib reaches out and drives it in front of square on the off-side - once again, Cummins slips as he was about to throw, concedes an extra run
10.1
Maxwell to Tamim, 1 run, tossed up on middle, Tamim pushes it in front of mid-wicket and calls his partner through for a quick single
9.6
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, goes for a pull against a short ball and fails to get the timing right, miscued towards mid-on by Shakib
9.5
Coulter Nile to Shakib, FOUR, another handsome drive! A fullish delivery around off, slower one as Shakib caresses it past the man at mid-off, away to the fence in double quick time
9.4
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, short and quick around off, Shakib attempts a pull but doesn't time it, straight to mid-wicket
9.3
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, low full toss dipping into the batsman, Shakib jams it back to the bowler
9.2
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, pitched up by NCN as Shakib squeezes it back to the bowler
9.1
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, fullish around off, Shakib drives it into the off side
8.6
Pat Cummins to Shakib, leg byes, 1 run, he could have been in trouble there. Moved way across the stumps to flick this one and Cummins cleverly aimed it at the leg-stump. The batsman didn't get any bat on his flick but he did manage to get his pad in the way
8.5
Pat Cummins to Shakib, FOUR, that's more like! Power and timing, both! A short ball outside off, width on offer and Shakib plays a cracking square-cut. Well over the fielder at point and that's a cracking boundary for Shakib
8.4
Pat Cummins to Shakib, 2 runs, length ball around off, Shakib comes on his front foot and straight drives down the ground, the timing wasn't that great though
8.3
Pat Cummins to Tamim, 1 run, outside off, length ball that's been sliced down to third man by Tamim
8.2
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, slower one by Cummins, on a good length and Tamim taps it towards point
8.1
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, pitched on a full length and Tamim drives it to mid-off
7.6
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, back of a length around off, Shakib tries to drag this one into the leg side with a pull but mistimes it to mid-on
7.5
Coulter Nile to Shakib, no run, Australia have taken an lbw review against Shakib. But to me it looks like it pitched outside leg. Yup, it was hitting the stumps but the ball pitched outside the line. More of a desperate review from Australia as they know what kind of damage Shakib has inflicted on the oppositions. The left hander was looking to flick it across the line but got beaten due to the hint of seam movement. Australia have lost their review too
7.4
Coulter Nile to Tamim, 1 run, another slip in the field. Is this ground suitable for fielding? Certainly doesn't look like. Tamim had dabbed it to point where Maxwell misfields and gives away a single. Wasn't it fault though, was the outfield that's become slippery
7.3
Coulter Nile to Tamim, no run, NCN appeals for an lbw as he charges towards the batsman. Tamim was trying to flick the back of a length ball through the on side but gets an inside edge onto his pads
7.2
Coulter Nile to Tamim, no run, seaming into the batsman on back of a length, Tamim treks back and pats it to point
7.1
Coulter Nile to Shakib, 1 run, slices the back of a length delivery to square third man
7.1
Coulter Nile to Shakib, wide, short ball that swings down the leg side, wide called as the batsman leaves it alone
6.6
Pat Cummins to Tamim, 2 runs, length ball in the channel outside off, skidding along the deck and Tamim guides it past the fielder at backward point, two more runs for Boom Boom
6.5
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, short one by Pat Cummins and aimed at the helmet, Tamim ducks for cover
6.4
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, back of a length outside off, Tamim punches it to cover off his back foot
6.3
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, goes for a drive against a fullish delivery as it comes off the inside half and rolls towards mid-on
6.2
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, pitched up by Cummins again, Tamim eases it down the pitch
6.1
Pat Cummins to Tamim, FOUR, "Trent Bridge crowd is 80 percent green," quips Ian Bishop as Tamim puts this one away to the fence. Pitched on a full length and the left hander flicks it through mid-wicket with nonchalance
5.6
Maxwell to Tamim, 1 run, flatter delivery in the channel outside off, Tamim guides it to short third man where a diving stop by the fielder denies him a boundary
5.5
Maxwell to Tamim, no run, crowd booing as Khawaja hits Tamim with this throw. Tamim had eased the flatter delivery in front of point from where the throw came in at the batsman's end who got hit on his calf
5.4
Maxwell to Shakib, 1 run, push-drives the tossed up delivery through the gap at cover-point
5.3
Maxwell to Tamim, 1 run, slider on off, skidding along the deck and Tamim knocks it towards cover for a quick single
5.2
Maxwell to Tamim, no run, flighted ball around off, Tamim eases it towards cover off his front foot
5.1
Maxwell to Tamim, FOUR, lovely shot! A floated off-break outside off, dipping into the batsman who creams it through the gap at covers, four from the moment it left his bat
4.6
Starc to Shakib, no run, short and rapid down the leg side, Shakib ducks under that
4.5
Starc to Tamim, 1 run, around the middle and stump line, tailing into the batsman on a length, Tamim nudges it into the leg side for a run
4.4
Starc to Tamim, no run, bouncer around off, Tamim is forced to duck for cover
4.3
Starc to Shakib, 1 run, taps this one in front of covers and calls for a quick single
4.2
Starc to Shakib, no run, how did that miss the off-stump. Tailing into the batsman on a length and sneaks through the batsman's defence, inches close to knocking the top of off
4.1
Starc to Shakib, no run, on a length around middle and leg, Shakib works it into the leg side
3.6
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, short ball around off, Tamim ducks underneath the sharp shooter once again
3.5
Pat Cummins to Soumya Sarkar, out Soumya Sarkar Run Out!! An awful mix-up between the openers and Sarkar has to pay the price for it. Both the batsmen were halfway down the pitch from where they decided to go back. The Australian skipper at mid-on, gathers the ball, keeps his cool and nails a direct-hit at the bowler's end. Sarkar was nowhere in the frame as Australia draw first blood. Coming back to the ball - it was a back of a length delivery that was nudged to mid-on by Tamim. Not for the first time have we seen a Bangladeshi batsman get run-out in this tournament wkt (1-23) min (18m). Soumya Sarkar run out (Finch) 10(8) [4s-2]
3.4
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, drops this one short around middle and off, Tamim ducks underneath the shooter that sails to the keeper
3.3
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, back of a length outside off, Tamim eases it into the off side from within the crease
3.2
Pat Cummins to Tamim, Byes, 4, Bangladesh fans are loving it! Doesn't matter how the runs come, they're having some good time in the stands. This roar as soon as Carey fails to grab it, says it all. Was a back of a length delivery outside off and it dipped on its way to the keeper, Carey fails to grab it as it runs down to the fence
3.1
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, in the channel around off, Tamim comes on his front foot with an easy push towards cover
2.6
Starc to Soumya Sarkar, no run, short and quick outside off, 146kph, Soumya Sarkar pokes at it with lack of footwork and gets beaten
2.5
Starc to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, Cummins slips at fine leg and misfields! End result is a boundary. A loosener, a full toss on the pads and Sarkar tickles it down to fine leg. Warner slipped earlier, Cummins slips now, guess it's the rain-effect
2.4
Starc to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, Sarkar gets his first boundary! Starc pitches this one on a length but the line is not great. Around the middle and leg stump line and the batsman picks it up nicely, flicks it over mid-wicket for four runs
2.3
Starc to Tamim, 1 run, short of a length on the pads and Tamim works it through square leg for a single, was bowled at 145ks but was equally well played by the left-hander
2.2
Starc to Tamim, no run, steady head as he drives the fullish delivery to mid-off, ball's coming onto the bat nicely
2.1
Starc to Soumya Sarkar, leg byes, 1 run, down the leg side, Soumya Sarkar tries to glance it away but the ball flicks his pads and rolls towards short fine leg
1.6
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, Cummins ends the over with a length ball and it's been knocked towards mid-off by Tamim
1.5
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, back of a length around off, Tamim rides the bounce and punches it towards the fielder at cover
1.4
Pat Cummins to Tamim, FOUR, Bangladesh need Tamim to fire and get few boundaries. Is this the first one of many? Pitched on a full length by Pat Cummins and the southpaw drills it straight past the bowler. Mid-off was a touch square to bother of giving it a chase
1.3
Pat Cummins to Tamim, no run, around the off-stump line, touch fuller as compared to the last ball, Tamim comes on his front foot and eases it to mid-off
1.2
Pat Cummins to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, that stuck into the pitch to an extent. A length ball around off and Sarkar check-drives it. Was in the air for a while and it spun back towards Warner who was diving to stop it. He threw himself to his right but as the ball had some back-spin, Warner was forced to stop with his left hand, against the momentum
1.1
Pat Cummins to Soumya Sarkar, no run, starts off his spell with a length ball around the off-stump line, Sarkar stays put and knocks it to mid-off
0.6
Starc to Tamim, no run, 145kph, short and sharp around middle and off, was angled into the batsman who hops in his crease and scythes it to point
0.5
Starc to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 142kph, back of a length outside off, Soumya Sarkar opens his bat face late and glides it down to third man
0.4
Starc to Soumya Sarkar, no run, in the channel outside off, back of a length ball and it's been eased in front of point by Soumya Sarkar
0.3
Starc to Tamim, 3 runs, on a length around off, Tamim punches it through the gap at covers and Stoinis goes for the chase. Warner slips inside the ring but it's been stopped with a slide by Stoinis in the deep, three runs for this decent punch
0.2
Starc to Tamim, no run, 148kph, right on the money with this length ball, aimed at the stumps and it's been blocked solidly by Tamim
0.1
Starc to Tamim, no run, short of a length around middle and leg, Tamim hops a touch and nudges it into the leg side
Commentary
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Rubel Hossain,Soumya Sarkar,Sabbir Rahman,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Liton Das
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell, Mitchell Starc, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
