44.4
Mark Wood to Gabriel, out Bowled!! West Indies have been bowled out for 212. This was fast, this was full and this was at the stumps - Gabriel swung more in hope and once he missed, it was curtains. Clattered into the base of middle and England will be the happier team at the break wkt (10-212) min (7m). Gabriel b Mark Wood 0(3)
44.3
Mark Wood to Thomas, leg byes, 1 run, banged in short and angling back into the left-hander, Thomas swung and missed, off his elbow and rolled down towards third man for a leg-bye
44.2
Mark Wood to Thomas, no run, Wood shortens his length and lets the ball come back with the angle, Thomas drops his gloves and sways away from the line
44.1
Mark Wood to Thomas, no run, fuller length delivery at the stumps, Thomas comes down the track, backs away and finds mid-off with the drive
43.6
Jofra Archer to Gabriel, no run, banged in short and holding its line outside off, Gabriel drops his bat and lets the ball go by
43.5
Jofra Archer to Gabriel, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Gabriel leans forward and pushes it back at the bowler
43.4
Jofra Archer to Brathwaite, out Caught by Buttler!! Brathwaite looks disappointed - is it with his shot or was it at the umpire's decision. No reviews left and umpire Dharmasena has got another wrong. It clipped Brathwaite's elbow before lobbing through to Buttler - banged in short and Brathwaite was cramped for room on the pull, was through with the shot even before the ball arrived - past the swirling bat and hit his arm before going through to Buttler. Hang on! Dharmasena might have got this one right - UltraEdge has a big spike when the ball went past the bat - might have been a fine edge before clipping the arm wkt (9-211) min (39m). Brathwaite c Buttler b Jofra Archer 14(22) [6s-1]
43.3
Jofra Archer to Brathwaite, no run, another short delivery from Archer, Brathwaite makes room and swings, still can't connect
43.2
Jofra Archer to Brathwaite, no run, another bouncer from Archer and this time Brathwaite was looking to have a bite - backs away on the pull and is beaten on the top-edge
43.1
Jofra Archer to Brathwaite, no run, another snorter - this time by Brathwaite, banged in short and kept rising onto the right-hander, Brathwaite watches it all along, drops his gloves and sways away from the line
42.6
Mark Wood to Thomas, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Thomas stays flat-footed and pushes it to the off-side
42.5
Mark Wood to Brathwaite, 1 run, that's a vicious short ball from Wood, kept climbing onto the right-hander, Brathwaite rides the bounce and steers it down to third man
42.4
Mark Wood to Brathwaite, no run, change of pace from Wood, the slower off-cutter, Brathwaite was looking to tuck it to the on-side, closed the bat-face and the leading edge rolled to the off-side
42.3
Mark Wood to Brathwaite, SIX, smashed, West Indies need more of these, length ball and right in Brathwaite's arc, he clears his left leg and drills it high and over wide long-on - held the pose after completing the shot, hit the big screen on the full
42.2
Mark Wood to Brathwaite, no run, half-a-chance, but Brathwaite has enough to clear Wood on his followthrough, was cramped for room after backing away, gets into a poor position on the back-foot punch - gets enough to clear the outstretched fingers of the bowler
42.1
Mark Wood to Brathwaite, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, defended back at the bowler
41.6
Jofra Archer to Thomas, no run, Thomas has had enough of poking and pushing - comes down the track and has a swat at a short delivery, beaten on the top-edge
41.5
Jofra Archer to Thomas, no run, full and at the stumps, Thomas leans forward and defends it to the on-side
41.4
Jofra Archer to Thomas, no run, another appeal for caught behind and England will review. It's a fair delivery, did Thomas glove this one? Looks like there's daylight between bat and ball, UltraEdge confirms it and England have burned their review. Thomas missed it by a long way, short of a length and holding its line outside off, had Thomas poking and beaten on the outside edge
41.3
Jofra Archer to Thomas, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, defened to the off-side
41.2
Jofra Archer to Thomas, no run, Archer comes from round the wicket and bowls a full-toss at Archer, pushed to the off-side
41.1
Jofra Archer to Brathwaite, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Brathwaite leans forward and pushes it past cover, happy to take the single and expose Thomas to Archer
40.6
Adil Rashid to Thomas, no run, appeal for LBW, but the ball pitched outside leg, the wrong 'un and Thomas didn't spot it as he pushed forward, past the outside edge and struck on the back-pad
40.5
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, 1 run, nicely flighted outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
40.4
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, no run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, Brathwaite leans well forward on the block
40.3
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, no run, the wrong 'un from Rashid, Brathwaite goes back and turns it towards the on-side
40.2
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, no run, flighted delivery around middle, Brathwaite leans well forward in defence
40.1
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, no run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, Brathwaite leans forward in defence and gets an inside edge to the on-side
39.6
Jofra Archer to Thomas, no run, solid defence from Thomas, gets well behind a good length delivery and defends
39.5
Jofra Archer to Cottrell, out Lbw!! Cottrell has been given OUT LBW and he wants a review. This looks very close, it's a fair delivery, no bat on that, but is it sliding down leg? Hawk-Eye in and it's three reds, Cottrell is OUT. Archer is on a hat-trick now. On a good length and angling back into the right-hander, Cottrell was a long way across on the flick and once he missed it - was always landing in trouble, it hit him on the outside half of the pads, but he was so far across that it was still smashing into the leg-stump. West Indies lose their eighth wicket and their review as well wkt (8-202) min (3m). Cottrell lbw b Jofra Archer 0(1)
39.4
Jofra Archer to Pooran, out Caught by Buttler!! That's a brute and Buttler was confident, wants it to be sent upstairs and being the captain - does it himself. It's for a caught behind call. It's a fair delivery and did it brush Pooran's gloves on its way? Seems very close and UltraEdge confirms a spike, Dharmasena has to change his call and Pooran is OUT. Archer has a wicket and West Indies are into their tail now. Banged in short and it kept rising from a length, Pooran did everything right, but was a tad slow in dropping his gloves - brushed it on its way and Buttler completes the catch wkt (7-202) min (116m). Pooran c Buttler b Jofra Archer 63(78) [4s-3 6s-1]
39.3
Jofra Archer to Brathwaite, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Brathwaite goes deep into the crease and works it wide of mid-wicket for a single
39.2
Jofra Archer to Pooran, leg byes, 1 run, Archer shortens his length and angles this one on Pooran's pads, beats the attempted pull and rolls away behind square off the pads
39.1
Jofra Archer to Pooran, no run, fuller length delivery on off, driven back at the bowler
38.6
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, slower and well outside off, Pooran brings his wrists into play and flicks it towards long-on, brings up West Indies's 200
38.5
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, 1 run, Rashid drifts one on Brathwaite's pads, he plays with soft hands and nudges it past the keeper
38.4
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, tossed up well down leg, Pooran bends down low and sweeps it behind square on the on-side for a run
38.3
Adil Rashid to Pooran, FOUR, lovely shot, tossed up just outside off, Pooran bends down low, rolls his wrists and sweeps it behind square on the on-side, the fielder in the deep is square and has no chance
38.2
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, Brathwaite bends down low and swipes it towards deep mid-wicket, bounces well in front of the fielder
38.1
Adil Rashid to Brathwaite, no run, flighted on off, was the attempted wrong 'un, Brathwaite was looking to drive and gets an inside edge onto his pads
37.6
Jofra Archer to Pooran, no run, length delivery outside off, Pooran plays with an open face and finds backward point
37.5
Jofra Archer to Pooran, no run, the bouncer from Archer, Pooran ducks under it and lets it go
37.4
Jofra Archer to Pooran, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, defended to the off-side
37.3
Jofra Archer to Pooran, 2 runs, half-volley length outside off, Pooran plays with an open face and drives it to the left of deep cover for a couple
37.2
Jofra Archer to Pooran, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Pooran drives it firmly but can't get it past Morgan at cover
37.1
Jofra Archer to Brathwaite, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Brathwaite blocks it towards point and calls his partner across for a quick single
36.6
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Pooran drops it to the left of the keeper and wants a single, sent back by his partner
36.5
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, dabbed with an open face to backward point
36.4
Mark Wood to Brathwaite, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Brathwaite's pads, clipped to the right of mid-wicket for a single
36.3
Mark Wood to Brathwaite, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, defended to the off-side
36.2
Mark Wood to A Russell, out Caught by Woakes!! This is awful from Russell - plenty of time on hand and he still went for his shots, banged in short and angling back into the right-hander, cramped up for room, Russell still went ahead with his swat - doesn't get the power nor the timing right - a straightforward catch for Woakes at deep mid-wicket and he doesn't miss out this time. West Indies are losing far too many wickets at the moment wkt (6-188) min (19m). A Russell c Woakes b Mark Wood 21(16) [4s-1 6s-2]
36.1
Mark Wood to A Russell, FOUR, clubbed, length ball from Wood and Russell swung hard after backing away, didn't get hold of the shot but manages to avoid Plunkett at mid-wicket
35.6
Root to Pooran, no run, flatter and quicker from Root, Pooran made room on the cut and missed it by a long way
35.5
Root to A Russell, 1 run, tossed up on Russell's pads, nudged in front of square on the off-side for a single
35.4
Root to A Russell, no run, tossed up on off, Russell goes back and defends it with a straight bat
35.4
Root to A Russell, wide, 5 the knuckle ball from Root, but he fired it down the leg-side - Buttler can't reach out and the ball races away to the boundary, despite Russell hobbling across towards the other end
35.3
Root to Pooran, 1 run, slower and well outside off, Pooran drops it wide of cover for a single
35.2
Root to Pooran, 2 runs, nicely played, very full and wide of off, Pooran reaches out, plays with an open face and finds the gap behind square on the off-side - only a tumbling Bairstow prevents the boundary
35.1
Root to Pooran, no run, tossed up well outside off, Pooran bends down low and finds backward square leg with the sweep
34.6
Adil Rashid to A Russell, SIX, cracking shot, he's liking Rashid's offerings, tossed up generously around off, Russell gets a big stride forward and hoists it high and over long-on for a maximum
34.5
Adil Rashid to A Russell, no run, tossed up on off, Russell prods forward on the defensive block
34.4
Adil Rashid to A Russell, SIX, massive, this is the Russell of yore - too full and at the stumps, Russell clars his front-leg and heaves it high and deep into the stands at long-on. Will the dropped chance hurt England?
34.3
Adil Rashid to A Russell, no run, lovely, the leg-break from Rashid, pitched around off and spun away, Russell was half-forward on the defensive push and is beaten by a long way
34.2
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, flighted delivery on Pooran's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
34.1
Adil Rashid to A Russell, 1 run, this is ugly cricket from everyone, the leg-break and Russell didn't spot it, went for a big hoick and got a thick top-edge on the swipe, very high and towards deep mid-wicket, Woakes was the fielder in the deep, had plenty of time to get under it and somehow shells it
33.6
Root to Pooran, no run, flatter and quicker from Root, cramped Pooran for room as he looked to cut, straight to the fielder at cover-point
33.5
Root to Pooran, no run, Root drifts this one back into the left-hander, pushed to the off-side
33.4
Root to A Russell, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
33.3
Root to Pooran, 1 run, pushed through flatter and quicker, Pooran makes room and cuts it square on the off-side for a single
33.2
Root to A Russell, 1 run, nicely tossed up outside off, Russell gently pushes it to long-off for a single
33.1
Root to A Russell, no run, flatter and just outside off, punched back at the bowler
32.6
Adil Rashid to Pooran, no run, tossed up around middle, Pooran leans across and nudges it to mid-wicket
32.5
Adil Rashid to A Russell, 1 run, Rashid gives this one plenty of air, driven down towards long-off for a single
32.4
Adil Rashid to A Russell, no run, slower and well outside off, Russell leans forward as he blocks
32.3
Adil Rashid to A Russell, no run, tossed up well outside off, Russell leans well forward on the defensive block
32.2
Adil Rashid to A Russell, no run, nearly chopped on, the wrong 'un and Russell didn't spot it, went for an ambitious drive, played well in front of the body and the inside edge nearly rolled back onto the leg-stump
32.1
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, maiden ODI half-century for Pooran, tossed up on the leg-stump line, worked away towards long-on for a single
31.6
Root to Holder, out Caught&Bowled!! That's so soft - Root has a second dismissal against his name and West Indies are slipping away. This was full and drifting down leg, Holder was looking to nudge it to the on-side, was playing for the turn, there was none of it here, closed the bat-face and the leading edge popped back at the bowler. A gleeful Root clasps with both hands, delighted he is and so is the England camp as they take drinks wkt (5-156) min (9m). Holder c and b Root 9(10) [6s-1]
31.5
Root to Holder, SIX, lovely, that looked so simple from Holder - flighted well outside off, he used his reach to good effect and then chipped it over mid-off, the timing is sweet and the ball sails over the ropes for a maximum
31.4
Root to Pooran, 1 run, slower and wider of off, Pooran reaches out and slaps it square on the off-side for a single
31.3
Root to Holder, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg-stump line, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
31.2
Root to Holder, no run, pushed through on middle, Holder goes back and turns it to the on-side
31.1
Root to Pooran, 1 run, tossed up well outside off, Pooran leans forward and then finds the gap wide of cover with the drive
30.6
Adil Rashid to Holder, no run, nicely tossed up on off, Holder gets a good stride forward in defence
30.5
Adil Rashid to Holder, no run, pushed through flatter and well outside off, punched straight to the fielder at cover
30.4
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, wrong line from Rashid, drifts this one well down leg, swept behind square on the on-side for a single
30.3
Adil Rashid to Holder, 1 run, tossed up well wide of off, eased down towards long-off for a single
30.2
Adil Rashid to Holder, no run, tossed up just outside off, Holder leans well forward in defence
30.1
Adil Rashid to Holder, no run, the leg-break from Rashid, but it's short and well wide of off, Holder makes room and finds cover with the cut
29.6
Root to Holder, 1 run, slips a full-toss, it was on the stumps and Holder nudges it to the on-side to get off the mark
29.5
Root to Hetmyer, out Caught&Bowled!! That's a soft dismissal and Hetmyer will be kicking himself. Root has a bright smile on his face and flaunting some dance moves too. Nothing extravagant in this delivery, it was attacking the stumps. Hetmyer wanted to work it wide of the bowler for a single. It strikes him high on the bat and ends up into the hands of Root. Hetmyer did all the hard work and should have converted this started into a big one wkt (4-144) min (70m). Hetmyer c and b Root 39(48) [4s-4]
29.4
Root to Pooran, 1 run, knocks it down the ground for a single
29.3
Root to Pooran, no run, defends it to the off-side
29.2
Root to Hetmyer, 1 run, full-toss on the stumps, Hetmyer powers it to long-on for a single
29.1
Root to Pooran, 1 run, pushes it wide of point for a single
28.6
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, no run, another dot-ball to finish the over. This one was down the leg-side, Hetmyer goes down on his knees to slog sweep. Adil Rashid bowls it slower and Hetmyer was early into the shot, it misses his bat swing and hits his pads
28.5
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, no run, goes on the back foot and finds cover on the punch
28.4
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, no run, attempts a sweep, misses it, was the wrong 'un and Hetmyer didn't spot it
28.3
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, wanted to go inside out over cover, it spins away and hits his outer half of the bat. It was in the air for a fair bit but lands it no man's land
28.2
Adil Rashid to Pooran, no run, short and wide of off, Pooran flat-bats it straight to mid-off
28.1
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, 1 run, down the leg-side and Hetmyer nudges it fine leg
27.6
Root to Pooran, no run, this one came back in sharply off the arm, Pooran gets his bat down just in time and defends it to cover
27.5
Root to Hetmyer, 1 run, throws this one well wide of off, Hetmyer reaches for it and pushes it wide of cover
27.4
Root to Hetmyer, no run, turns it straight to short fine
27.3
Root to Pooran, 1 run, drives it to sweeper cover for a single
27.2
Root to Pooran, no run, fails to execute the sweep shot, it hits his pads and deflects to the leg-side
27.1
Root to Pooran, no run, Buttler has nudged the bails! It looked like a hit-wicket initially. The umpires want to be absolutely sure. They converge and decided not to go upstairs. England didn't appeal either
26.6
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Hetmyer plunges forward and defends it back
26.5
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, no run, nudges it to mid-wicket
26.4
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, 2 runs, spinning down the leg-side and Hetmyer nudges it with the spin and wide of short fine for a brace
26.3
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, knocks it down the ground to long-on
26.2
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 2 runs, edged but it was wide of the keeper. First slip would have taken it. It was short and was wide of off, Pooran outside edges the cut shot and collects a brace to third man
26.1
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 2 runs, wrong 'on a fuller length, Pooran picks it up and lofts it inside-out over cover for a brace. It was in the air for a while but lands in no man's land
25.6
Stokes to Hetmyer, 2 runs, slower one on a short of length, Hetmyer was backing away to make room but Stokes followed him and delivers at his body. He manages to pull it wide of fine leg for a brace
25.5
Stokes to Pooran, 1 run, fuller and down the leg-side, Pooran nudges it away to fine leg
25.4
Stokes to Pooran, no run, yorker on the stumps, Pooran gets his bat down just in time and digs it out to backward point
25.3
Stokes to Hetmyer, 1 run, yorker length delivery down the leg-side, Hetmyer clips it to the on-side
25.2
Stokes to Hetmyer, FOUR, back-to-back fours for Hetmyer. These two are starting to look dangerous now. This was much fuller, Hetmyer clears his leg and smashes it straight down the ground. It beats mid-on and rockets to the fence
25.1
Stokes to Hetmyer, FOUR, Hetmyer finally gets one away! It was marginally short and was on the stumps, Hetmyer backs away, keeps his shape and powers it wide of mid-wicket for a boundary
24.6
Adil Rashid to Pooran, no run, much slower and spinning into Pooran, he defends it back
24.5
Adil Rashid to Pooran, no run, he has a knack of producing beauties and this was one. On a fuller length and spins away from Pooran, it beats his outside edge
24.4
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 2 runs, another lofted shot from Pooran, this wasn't timed as well as he would have liked. And long-on will come across
24.3
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 2 runs, wrong 'un, it ends up being wide of off. And was short too. Pooran pulled it straight to Stokes at mid-wicket. It has hurt his finger and he looks in pain
24.2
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 2 runs, drives it wide of cover for a brace
24.1
Adil Rashid to Pooran, SIX, top-shot from Pooran! That is the danger with leg-spinners. It was not that short, Pooran goes on the back foot, transforms the length into a short one and smokes it over long-on for a maximum
23.6
Stokes to Hetmyer, no run, it was on a back of a length and was on the stumps. Hetmyer was in the position early and he heaves at it, timing was decent but Root at mid-wicket dives to his right and stops it from going further
23.5
Stokes to Hetmyer, no run, much fuller and attacking the body, Hetmyer had no room to free his arms and he ends up defending it to cover
23.4
Stokes to Hetmyer, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Hetmyer punches it straight to cover
23.3
Stokes to Pooran, 1 run, on a back of a length and attacking the stumps, Pooran was touch late in getting forward. He mistimes the push to the on-side for a single
23.2
Stokes to Hetmyer, 1 run, short and wide of off, Hetmyer cuts it wide of backward point and collects a single. 50-run-partnership comes up!
23.1
Stokes to Pooran, leg byes, 1 run, full and down the leg-side, Pooran misses the clip. It hits him on the pads and deflects to the on-side
22.6
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, FOUR, that's more like it. This will give him confidence. Hetmyer charges down to reach the pitch of it and lambasts it over the bowler's head for a boundary
22.5
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, leggie on the stumps, Pooran flicks it to deep mid-wicket
22.4
Adil Rashid to Pooran, no run, wrong 'un on the stumps, Pooran reads it late and defends it to cover
22.3
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, 1 run, flighted delivery, it spins back in and Hetmyer mistimes the lofted shot. It ends up at long-on
22.2
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, goes on the back foot and cuts it wide of backward point
22.2
Adil Rashid to Pooran, wide, attemps a cheeky sweep, misses it. It was down the leg-side and umpire calls it a wide
22.1
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, 1 run, comes forward and nudges it with the spin to short fine
21.6
Stokes to Pooran, FOUR, streaky but Pooran will take it. Another short of length delivery, Pooran gets inside the line of the ball and pulls it wide of the keeper for a boundary. It came off the top-edge and ballooned over and wide of Buttler
21.5
Stokes to Hetmyer, 1 run, this short of length delivery lacked venom, Hetmyer was in control of the pull shot. It ends up at deep square leg
21.4
Stokes to Hetmyer, 2 runs, in the air.. just over mid-wicket. Another short of length delivery from Stokes, Hetmyer was looking to take him on via the pull shot. It bounced extra off the deck and came off the top-half of Hetmyer's bat. It just cleared Root at mid-wicket and Hetmyer will take two
21.3
Stokes to Hetmyer, no run, fuller length delivery attacking the stumps, Hetmyer drives it straight to mid-on
21.2
Stokes to Hetmyer, no run, that looked horrible! It was a slower one on the stumps, Hetmyer wanted to heave it to the leg-side. He didn't pick the slower delivery and was way early into the shot. It clipped the toe-end of the bat and ends up at cover
21.1
Stokes to Pooran, 1 run, bangs it in on a back of a length, it was down the leg-side. And Pooran pulls it to fine leg
20.6
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, fuller and just wide of off, Pooran comes forward and just knocks it down the ground to long-on. He will retain the strike!
20.5
Adil Rashid to Pooran, no run, plunges forward and blocks it back
20.4
Adil Rashid to Pooran, no run, beautiful delivery! It was a wrong 'un, Pooran fails to read it, he plays inside the line of the ball and it ends up going past his outside edge
20.3
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, 1 run, Hetmyer was shaping up to play a big shot, Adil Rashid saw that and gave him no room. Hetmyer in the end clipped it to the on-side
20.2
Adil Rashid to Pooran, 1 run, leggie attacking the stumps, Pooran pushes it to the off-side for a single
20.1
Adil Rashid to Hetmyer, 1 run, it was well wide of off and Hetmyer punches it to deep extra cover
19.6
Stokes to Pooran, no run, short of length outside off, Pooran hops to slap it past his partner but gets it off the bottom of the bat to mid-off
19.5
Stokes to Hetmyer, 1 run, on the hips, Hetmyer flicks it away to deep square leg
19.4
Stokes to Hetmyer, no run, angling away outside off, Hetmyer directs it with a horizontal bat to backward point
19.3
Stokes to Pooran, 1 run, fraction short and just outside off, cracked past the diving point fielder and the sweeper tidies up
19.2
Stokes to Hetmyer, 1 run, this time Hetmyer manages to connect with the short of length delivery but ends up finding Woakes near deep square leg, just a single
19.1
Stokes to Hetmyer, no run, tries to fetch the flat-batted hit from way outside off and under-edges it behind to Buttler
18.6
Plunkett to Hetmyer, 1 run, short of length delivery and Hetmyer cue-ends the pull in front of deep square leg, for a single
18.5
Plunkett to Pooran, 1 run, good length ball around off, Pooran opens the bat face and directs it down to third man
18.4
Plunkett to Pooran, no run, another finger roller and this refuses to bounce, it was short of length and Pooran wanted to play the pull, but the ball sneaks underneath his bat and bounces along to Buttler
18.3
Plunkett to Hetmyer, 1 run, not offering pace is Plunkett, Hetmyer helps the slower delivery down to fine leg
18.2
Plunkett to Pooran, leg byes, 1 run, slower delivery and Pooran is through his nurdle early, the ball gently deflects off the thigh pad behind point
18.1
Plunkett to Pooran, no run, steps out and is met by a short of length delivery, knocks it down the wicket
17.6
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, no run, another cross-batted shot which Hetmyer doesn't middle, he tries to fetch it from outside off and the toe-end rolls towards mid-wicket. Pooran needs to calm his partner down as West Indies can't afford to lose another wicket now
17.5
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, no run, change of pace and Hetmyer goes with hard hands, finds Stokes who is hovering near point
17.5
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, wide, speed 144kph bouncer that flies over Hetmyer and even Buttler had to leap up to glove it, wide called for height
17.4
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, no run, fuller and around off, Hetmyer clears his front leg and wants to heave it into the leg-side, the ball hits the toe-end and rolls to mid-on. Hetmyer is not happy with the mishit and in fact he's broken his bat
17.3
Mark Wood to Pooran, 1 run, he's offering width outside off and Pooran creams the square drive to the man sweeping on the off-side
17.2
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, bangs it in short and gets Pooran ducking under it comfortably
17.1
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, fuller and outside off, Pooran creams the drive square and finds Stokes in the way near backward point
16.6
Plunkett to Hetmyer, FOUR, smashed! He mistimed one in the previous over but not this time. Plunkett is not as quick as Wood and the back of a length delivery sat up, Hetmyer gave it his all on the pull shot and just managed to clear the leaping mid-wicket fielder. That was struck with immense power and even if Root had got to the ball, he might not have been able to catch that
16.5
Plunkett to Hetmyer, no run, full and angled in, Hetmyer presents a straight bat and drives to mid-on
16.4
Plunkett to Pooran, 1 run, fuller and slower, Pooran uses soft hands to drop it wide of cover and sets off, easily stolen
16.3
Plunkett to Pooran, no run, good length ball outside off, Pooran lifts his bat and lets it go
16.2
Plunkett to Pooran, 2 runs, change of pace and Pooran plays it really well, opens the bat face and forces it past Stokes at backward point, called for two and Hetmyer responds to the call, got it comfortably
16.1
Plunkett to Pooran, FOUR, lovely shot! That should calm him down. He has been looking for that first boundary and he finally gets it. On a length and Pooran had the width, drives on the rise behind point where even a diving Stokes can't stop it
16.1
Plunkett to Pooran, wide, slower short of length delivery down leg, Pooran aborts from the shot to collect a wide
15.6
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, no run, that's an ugly shot. Hetmyer takes the on the back of a length stuff and goes for a big heave to the leg-side, but the pace of Wood rushes him on the shot and he mistimes it to mid-on
15.5
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, no run, 146kph back of a length delivery just outside off, Hetmyer lifts his bat and lets it go
15.4
Mark Wood to Pooran, 1 run, Wood almost had his man. The outside edge is found and it eludes Root at first slip. The three quarter length that pushes Pooran back in his crease, the edge flies to the left and Root can't reach there with a dive
15.3
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, fuller and close to off, Pooran drives off the inner portion to mid-on
15.2
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, and again.. Pooran sees the ball pitched up slightly and doesn't hold back, he reaches for it to play the drive and is beaten once more on the outside edge. Mind you, there is also a slip waiting..
15.1
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, uhhh! That was very close to the outside edge. Good length ball outside off, asking the batsman to drive, Pooran goes for a flashy one and is beaten by the late seam movement
14.6
Plunkett to Hetmyer, no run, sharp bouncer which Hetmyer handles well in the end, he sways away from the line of the delivery and in the process falls on his back. But importantly he managed to evade it
14.5
Plunkett to Pooran, 1 run, on middle and leg-stump, Pooran works it towards the square leg umpire
14.4
Plunkett to Hetmyer, 1 run, Bairstow called into action and he keeps it down to a single. Hetmyer flicks the full delivery through mid-wicket and once again called for two, but has to settle with one
14.3
Plunkett to Hetmyer, no run, a nothing shot from Hetmyer. On a length and outside off, Hetmyer does not move his feet as he has a half-hearted waft, the extra bit of bounce that Plunkett generates beats the outside edge
14.2
Plunkett to Pooran, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Pooran leans forward and drives to sweeper cover
14.1
Plunkett to Hetmyer, 1 run, nurdled gently in front of square leg and Hetmyer wanted two, but Bairstow was quick on the ball and released it swiftly as well, good thing that Pooran sent back his partner
13.6
Mark Wood to Pooran, no run, 140kph bouncer right on top of leg-stump, Pooran ducks and evades it
13.5
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, 1 run, short of length delivery and Hetmyer had the space to open his arms, steered away to third man
13.4
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, no run, back of a length close to off, Hetmyer hops and pats it down in front of the slip cordon
13.3
Mark Wood to Hetmyer, no run, angled across the left hander, Hetmyer plays it late and taps it to backward point
13.2
Mark Wood to Shai Hope, out Lbw!! Morgan needed just 5 seconds to challenge Dharmasena's decision. That's how confident Wood and Buttler were. Full delivery that decks in sharply and catches Hope on the shuffle, he misses the flick as the ball beats the inside edge and strikes him in front of middle-stump. Ball-tracking showed it would have smashed into leg-stump. Good use of technology from England and they have sent back both set batsmen in a space of three deliveries. West Indies in trouble now wkt (3-55) min (47m). Shai Hope lbw b Mark Wood 11(30) [4s-1]
13.1
Mark Wood to Pooran, 1 run, on a length and outside off, Pooran eases the drive past cover and opens his account
12.6
Plunkett to Gayle, out Caught by Bairstow!! Trap set and Gayle falls for it. Plunkett is delighted. Remember he taken the most beating from Gayle in that away series in Caribbean. He had set the field for the short ball and kept banging them in with pace and without, this was 134kph short delivery and Gayle decides to take on the longest boundary, he pulls and does not get enough wood to clear deep square leg, Bairstow runs across to his left and takes it comfortably in front of the home crowd wkt (2-55) min (57m). Gayle c Bairstow b Plunkett 36(41) [4s-5 6s-1]
12.5
Plunkett to Gayle, no run, rolls his fingers across the ball and Gayle knocks it back gently
12.4
Plunkett to Gayle, no run, slower ball bumper and Gayle decides to take the safer option - ducks underneath it
12.3
Plunkett to Shai Hope, 1 run, short of length and Hope shuffles across to drag it towards mid-on
12.3
Plunkett to Shai Hope, wide, spears the full delivery outside off, Hope is happy to pocket the extra
12.2
Plunkett to Shai Hope, FOUR, streaky! Hope got it finer than he would have liked. Back of a length around off, Hope wants it to run it down to third man but gets it close to Buttler, who dives across and almost gets his fingers to it
12.1
Plunkett to Gayle, leg byes, 1 run, had cleared his front leg to mow Plunkett to the cow corner fence, but the bowler spotted that and didn't provide any room, Gayle is all cramped up and the ball strikes him on the thigh pad, rolls away in front of third man
11.6
Mark Wood to Gayle, 1 run, shortens the length and Gayle pats it behind point, waits for the ball to beat the backward point fielder before changing ends
11.5
Mark Wood to Gayle, no run, full and attacking the stumps, Gayle stays in the crease and defends to cover
11.4
Mark Wood to Gayle, no run, fuller and closer to off-stump, Gayle decides to play and he jams the forward block onto the pad, the ball rolls to cover
11.3
Mark Wood to Gayle, no run, he's just slanting it across the southpaw, Gayle is happy to play the waiting game - left alone
11.2
Mark Wood to Gayle, no run, similar line and length, seaming away further outside off, Gayle lifts his bat and lets it go. Wood put so much into that delivery that he lost his footing and goes to ground in his followthrough
11.1
Mark Wood to Gayle, no run, on a length and angled across the left hander, Gayle lets it pass
10.6
Plunkett to Gayle, 1 run, slower short delivery, Gayle allows it to arrive and then gently taps it on the head past mid-wicket
10.5
Plunkett to Shai Hope, 1 run, short of length around off, Hope rides the bounce and steers it to third man
10.4
Plunkett to Shai Hope, no run, he's creamed a few today but has not been able to find the gap. Full and outside off, Hope flows nicely into the cover-drive but ends up picking out Morgan
10.3
Plunkett to Gayle, 1 run, good length ball on the stumps, Gayle stabs it off the inner half near square leg
10.3
Plunkett to Gayle, wide, tries a slower delivery first up to Gayle but gets the line wrong - down leg and an easy call for umpire Ravi
10.2
Plunkett to Shai Hope, 1 run, back of a length close to off, Hope opens the bat face and runs it down to third man
10.1
Plunkett to Shai Hope, no run, Hope is feeling the heat of the dot balls. He tries to fetch a short of length delivery from outside off and flat-bat it past the bowler, but only succeeds in toe-ending it to mid-on
9.6
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, 1 run, this is a 148kph rip-snorter! Fiery bouncer from Archer and Hope had no clue whatsoever as he jumped, hopped and gasped in trying to fend it off. Probably flew off the glove but thankfully for him, didn't go to hand. Goes down to third man. Replays show that it came off the top half of the bat
9.5
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, struck on the pads but clearly going down leg and hence, there is no appeal. Hope was shuffling a touch and wanted to whip this away ferociously on the leg-side. doesn't connect and it rolls off the pads to square leg
9.4
Jofra Archer to Gayle, 1 run, another slower ball from Archer, not as slow as the previous one, leg stumpish as well and Gayle nudges it to mid-wicket for a single
9.3
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, 1 run, the slower ball and it's a drastic difference in pace, clocks 117kph, steered down to third man
9.2
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, pacy fuller ball and Hope drives with a straight bat. Dragged a bit off the inside half to mid-on
9.1
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, angled in on middle and leg, Hope shuffles a bit and blocks it out
8.6
Woakes to Gayle, no run, fuller and on leg stump, dug out back towards Woakes with a straighish bat
8.5
Woakes to Shai Hope, 1 run, off the outside edge but wide of backward point! Hope's struggle continues as he gets squared up by a good length ball that just moved away late. Luckily for him, there isn't a gully in place and the edge flies through that region down to third man
8.4
Woakes to Gayle, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, the one-legged whip from Gayle down to fine leg
8.3
Woakes to Gayle, SIX, this is a typical Gayle stroke! Premeditated the charge and got the fuller length that he was expecting. Swings through the line and lifts it dead straight down the ground for a maximum. Superbly done!
8.2
Woakes to Gayle, FOUR, flat-batted smash over wide mid-on! Anything on the shorter side and Gayle has decided to tee off. Clears his front leg to pump this away. Got more height than distance on this but easily over the infield. Couple of bounces into the fence
8.1
Woakes to Gayle, no run, there was a single for the taking but they are too lazy to go at it, Gayle especially. Mistimed the back foot punch to the left of extra cover and there was enough time for the run
7.6
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, short of a length around off stump, this time Hope is confident as he pushes this off the back foot to point
7.5
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, extra bounce again! Archer is giving Archer a working over here. The short one and it climbs off the pitch, the right-hander jumps around to fend it onto the pitch
7.4
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, just short of mid-on! Was the fuller one from Archer and Hope wanted to wrist it away. Got it a touch aerial than he would have liked but fortunately, doesn't go to hand
7.3
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, nips in a bit from a good length, extra bounce as well and Hope struggles to fend it off. Gets hit near the ribs
7.2
Jofra Archer to Gayle, 1 run, up and over cover this time! Shortish and wider outside off, Gayle opts for the slice over the infield and gets a fair amount of bat on this one. Could have got two there but then, it's Gayle at one end and so, doesn't always turn out that way
7.1
Jofra Archer to Gayle, FOUR, not quite off the middle but Gayle has enough to power to send this to the mid-wicket fence. Was banged in short and the southpaw cleared his front leg for the pull. Off the inside half of the blade and bisects square leg and mid-on
6.6
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, pitched up around off stump, tight lines and Hope can't do much except defend. This is classical new-ball bowling from Woakes
6.6
Woakes to Shai Hope, wide, probably searching for that magical outswinger, Woakes, but ends up feeding this down the leg-side. Hope cannot connect the flick
6.5
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, rises from a good length just outside off, carefully left alone by Hope
6.4
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, very full and straighter this time, driven back at Woakes who makes a good stop in his followthrough
6.3
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, another edge but once again, playing with soft hands is saving Hope. The away swinger from a good length outside off, he opens his bat face but doesn't go hard at it. On the bounce to second slip
6.2
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, shortish and outside off, blocked off the back foot towards cover
6.1
Woakes to Gayle, 1 run, dropped by Wood! Sharp chance but he should have taken this. Covered good ground from third man and judged it well to pouch the catch initially, only to then shell it. Woakes is not amused at all, he knows this could be a huge moment in the game. Was a fuller one that Gayle went hard at and ended up slicing it high behind square on the off-side. The big man gets a huge slice of luck here, on most days this would have been taken
5.6
Jofra Archer to Gayle, 1 run, the dapper short ball, rapid and well-directed, Gayle jumps awkwardly to fend and does a good job at preventing this from popping straight up. Gets it towards square leg
5.5
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, 1 run, off the edge but Hope played with soft hands and hence, it was always going to be short of third slip. Sneaks past the cordon towards third man and the batsmen cross. Was another good ball from Archer, got it to move away just a shade from a good length but Hope was equal to the task
5.4
Jofra Archer to Shai Hope, no run, opens up Hope totally! Nothing much he could have done as this pitched on middle and off, and then jagged away sharply with a bit of extra bounce. Whizzes past the edge and into Buttler's gloves. Top delivery!
5.3
Jofra Archer to Gayle, 1 run, bangs it shorter and Gayle fends awkwardly towards square leg for a sharp single
5.2
Jofra Archer to Gayle, FOUR, Gayle has decided to tee off and Archer is going to be tested here. This is on a hard length and the Universe Boss just clears his front leg to launch the pull over mid-wicket
5.1
Jofra Archer to Gayle, FOUR, drilled straight back past Archer! The pacer had to jump in time to protect his ankles which were likely to bear the brunt of this hit from Gayle. Was a touch fuller and wider outside off, he just swats it with all the power in the world. Races away to the fence in a jiffy
4.6
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, and again! This time, Woakes goes wide of the crease and angles it in around off stump, straightens off the deck just a tad as Hope lifts his bat to make a not-so-convincing leave. Second maiden for Woakes!
4.5
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, Woakes probing away tirelessly on good areas and for now, the West Indies batsmen have no option but to play him out. This one jags in a touch from a good length around off stump, Hope lets it through
4.4
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, fuller and outside off, Hope looks to drive and gets it off the inside half back to Woakes
4.3
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, fifth stump line from a good length with seam movement away from the right-hander. Hope leaves
4.2
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, fuller and angling into Hope who squirts an inside edge towards mid-wicket
4.1
Woakes to Shai Hope, no run, seams away prodigiously from a good length but the line is quite wide and Hope lets it through
3.6
Jofra Archer to Gayle, FOUR, streaky runs! Gayle is clearly being hustled by the pace of Archer here. This was on a good length around off stump and the southpaw didn't have much idea about it. Tries to play with hard hands but ends up getting a thick inside edge that could have gone anywhere. Fortunately for him, the french cut evades leg stump and races away fine down the leg-side to the fence
3.5
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, goes fuller this time outside off, asking to be driven but Gayle is patient for now. Leaves it alone
3.4
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, the sharp bumper that will come once in a while from Archer against Gayle. This one is 146kph and leg stumpish, shoots up over the big man as he takes cover by ducking
3.3
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, a touch fuller this time and Gayle moves forward to defend softly in front of mid-off
3.2
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, shortish again and moves away a fraction, once again Gayle lets it pass
3.1
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, hits the deck and shapes away a bit with extra bounce, Gayle left alone
2.6
Woakes to Lewis, out Bowled!! Knocks him over! After a series of hard length and good length deliveries that were moving around, Woakes opts for the fuller one that takes Lewis totally by surprise. He is late to move his feet and by the time he knows it, the ball is past him and into the woodwork behind, off the southpaw's pad. This is clever stuff from Woakes who had been troubling both the openers since the very beginning. Deservingly, he draws first blood for England wkt (1-4) min (14m). Lewis b Woakes 2(8)
2.5
Woakes to Lewis, no run, on a good length around off stump, defended from the crease to cover
2.4
Woakes to Lewis, no run, fuller this time just outside off, Lewis waves his bat to let it pass
2.3
Woakes to Lewis, no run, short of a good length outside off, Lewis moves across a bit and shoulders arms
2.2
Woakes to Gayle, 1 run, Gayle hurries for a quick single! That's always a rare moment although the big man has made a conscious effort in this regard of late. Pushes this half volley towards mid-off and takes on the fielder who misses his shy at the bowler's end. Doesn't hit and anyways, I reckon Gayle was in
2.1
Woakes to Lewis, 1 run, the hard length with a hint of width and Lewis stands tall on the back foot punch towards mid-off who is placed a touch wider
1.6
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, probing stuff around the off pole on a good length, watchfully left alone by Gayle
1.5
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, this is a 145kph short ball and Gayle is forced to take evasive action as he sways away
1.4
Jofra Archer to Gayle, no run, fuller and angling across, enticing the drive but Gayle lets it pass
1.3
Jofra Archer to Lewis, 1 run, extra bounce from a short length and Lewis rides it with a soft tuck towards square leg. Calls Gayle across for the single. First runs off the bat
1.2
Jofra Archer to Lewis, no run, slightly fuller this time on middle and off, Lewis presses forward and blocks solidly
1.1
Jofra Archer to Lewis, no run, back of a length and this time, the line is better, on fifth stump and moves away after pitching with extra bounce. Lewis doesn't offer a shot after initially thinking about poking at it
1.1
Jofra Archer to Lewis, wide, starts with an erratic delivery, shorter length that's well down the leg-side
0.6
Woakes to Gayle, no run, angling across Gayle from a good length, a touch wider and he decides to let it pass. Maiden! Fine start from Woakes and now it shall be interesting to see what Archer gets out of this pitch with the new ball
0.5
Woakes to Gayle, no run, another unplayable nut from Woakes who is getting the ball to move. This one pitched around off stump and decked away late as Gayle played inside the line. To the big man's credit, he didn't go chasing at it
0.4
Woakes to Gayle, no run, fuller this time and Gayle is committed on the front foot this time, drives well to mid-off
0.3
Woakes to Gayle, no run, crackerjack of a ball! Traditional line and length from Woakes who delivers this on middle and off, on that good length with a hint of away movement. Gayle is stuck on the crease and has a mere push at it. Gets squared up totally and is fortunate to nick this. Unplayable stuff!
0.2
Woakes to Gayle, no run, rapped on the pads but it's pitching outside leg and also a bit high too. Rose from a good length and straightened just a bit to beat Gayle who was trying to flick it away
0.1
Woakes to Gayle, no run, starts with the shorter length on middle and leg, Gayle waits on the back foot and blocks to mid-wicket
Commentary
Liam Plunkett,Eoin Morgan (c),Adil Rashid,Jos Buttler (wk),Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
Lewis,Gayle,Gabriel,A Russell,Brathwaite,Holder,Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
