49.6
Mustafizur to Stoinis, 2 runs, fuller length delivery outside off, drilled down to long-off for a couple, and that's the end of the innings - Australia's and this World Cup's third-highest total - 381!
49.5
Mustafizur to Stoinis, FOUR, back of a length delivery off-cutter, Stoinis gets across and tries heaving it into the on-side, and gets a massive outside edge which ends up being an extrapolation of the ball, spinning away over the in-field and towards the third man boundary for four
49.4
Mustafizur to Stoinis, FOUR, just a couple of inches short of that yorker length, Stoinis clears the front-leg and absolutely dominates with that bottom-hand - mauls it past the stumps at the other end for four
49.3
Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run, yorker length delivery, rolls his fingers over it, middle and off, dug out towards mid-off for a single
49.2
Mustafizur to Stoinis, 1 run, length delivery angling towards off, clubbed away with no timing whatsoever towards wide long-on for a single
49.1
Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run, full-toss, wide outside off, carved away flat over the in-field towards sweeper cover for a single
48.6
Soumya Sarkar to Carey, 1 run, short, slow, not a lot of width, a hoppy-slap to cover for a single
48.5
Soumya Sarkar to Carey, FOUR, low full-toss, caresses a boundary down to deep extra cover for four. Extremely well-timed shot!
48.4
Soumya Sarkar to Stoinis, 1 run, shuffling across to scoop, wide full one outside off, open-faced steer to short third man for a single
48.3
Soumya Sarkar to Stoinis, no run, low full toss wide outside off, Stoinis is on his knees and tries to steer it square of the wicket, chops it into the wicket off the under-edge
48.2
Soumya Sarkar to Stoinis, 2 runs, full-toss again outside off, a bottom-handed drive down to long-off
48.1
Soumya Sarkar to Carey, 1 run, slower short one again, a hop and a whipped pull towards deep mid-wicket for a single
47.6
Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run, low full-toss on leg-stump, another whip down to long-on for a single
47.5
Mustafizur to Stoinis, 1 run, full-toss just outside off, whip-driven to long-off for a single
47.4
Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run, full-toss on the thigh, whipped off the backfoot towards long-on for a single
47.3
Mustafizur to Stoinis, 1 run, on the thighs, tucked away to fine leg for a single
47.2
Mustafizur to Carey, 1 run, fuller length delivery just outside off, drilled to cover for a quick single
47.1
Mustafizur to Smith, out Lbw! Australia review! And this is the very definition of plumb! I bet my life on it. I, Rishi Roy, bet my life on it. No bat, a full-toss on middle, as he shuffles across, gets struck right in front. Reviews - no bat, crashing into the bottom-half of middle-stump. Smith has missed a flick! He departs wkt (5-354) min (4m). Smith lbw b Mustafizur 1(2)
46.6
Soumya Sarkar to Smith, 1 run, another yorker length delivery on leg-stump, dug out to mid-on for a single
46.5
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, out Caught by Rahim! Wicket no. 3 for Soumya! A short one, slower in pace, Khawaja swivels to pull it away, gets a bit of a feather on it, as Rahim falls forward to take the catch. Done in by the lack of pace, and Khawaja misses out on a hundred wkt (4-354) min (110m). Khawaja c Rahim b Soumya Sarkar 89(72) [4s-10]
46.4
Soumya Sarkar to Stoinis, 1 run, fuller length delivery on off, driven down to long-off for a single
46.3
Soumya Sarkar to Stoinis, no run, skidder outside off, chopped towards point off a crouch
46.2
Soumya Sarkar to Maxwell, out Maxwell Run Out! The light at the end of the tunnel has manifested itself in the form of a run-out - the only way a wicket was possible. If it was gift-wrapped and spoon-fed to them. A yorker length delivery, dug out from between his legs towards short fine leg - Maxwell has started running, Khawaja sends him back, he's stuck mid-way, and doesn't try to go back. Chances his luck but Rubel scores with the direct-hit! He stares at Khawaja, and walks off wkt (3-352) min (14m). Maxwell run out (Rubel) 32(10) [4s-2 6s-3]
46.1
Soumya Sarkar to Maxwell, SIX, drops it short, tries a bouncer, and he's flat-batted a pull over deep mid-wicket for six. Absolutely brutal!
45.6
Rubel to Khawaja, FOUR, full and wide, Khawaja just opens the face and slices it through the cover point region for four. 25 off the over!
45.5
Rubel to Maxwell, 3 runs, half-volley again, Maxwell has hsi weight on the backfoot again, hoicks it away between mid-wicket and long-on, and it dribbles away - Tamim dives to cut it off and saves a run for his side
45.4
Rubel to Maxwell, no run, yorker length delivery on the stumps, carved towards cover
45.3
Rubel to Maxwell, SIX, shortish one, off-cutter, angling in, right in the arc - he clears his front-leg and mauls the pull over deep square leg for six
45.2
Rubel to Maxwell, FOUR, full and wide outside off, Maxwell gets his weight on the backfoot and carves it the to the sweeper cover fence for four. That, by the way, was another no-ball that the umpire has missed
45.1
Rubel to Maxwell, SIX, Free-hit, and what a shot! A marginally wide yorker length delivery, Maxwell gets across, just check-lofts it after balancing himself on his back-leg whilst getting across to get behind the line - and it's landed on the long-off rope on the full
45.1
Rubel to Khawaja, no ball, 1 run, no-ball, full-toss, what more could be wrong with this ball? Oh that's right, a free-hit coming up! whipped off the pads towards deep mid-wicket for a single
44.6
Soumya Sarkar to Maxwell, FOUR, full and wide, Maxwell just reaches out and opens the face to steer it to deep backward point for four
44.5
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, 1 run, gets the yorker length delivery almost perfect, whipped away off the legs after a shuffle towards deep mid-wicket for a single
44.4
Soumya Sarkar to Maxwell, 1 run, overpitches, whipped away to long-on for a single
44.3
Soumya Sarkar to Maxwell, 2 runs, back of a length delivery angling into the legs, tucked away towards midwicket for a couple
44.2
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, out Caught by Rubel! A stunning innings comes to an end! A slow short one (115km/h), no width for leverage, Warner jumps to create some power and momentum, tries ramp-cutting it over third man - but ends up just spooning it to short third man. A cheap parlour trick defeats the warrior-class innings from Warner, who just smiles. No 200 today, but one day. One day wkt (2-313) min (184m). Warner c Rubel b Soumya Sarkar 166(147) [4s-14 6s-5]
44.1
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, FOUR, low wide full-toss, not the worst ball at this point - but for that shot. Reaches out, almost falls over, and falls on his palms after deflecting it to deep backward point for four. Fantastic!
43.6
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, another rather full one, half-volley on the pads, and that's another clip away to deep mid-wicket for a single
43.5
Rubel to Warner, 2 runs, yorker length delivery on middle, dug out to mid-wicket for a couple
43.4
Rubel to Warner, FOUR, that is outrageous! Short one, right at the fulcrum when he bowled it, and Warner is on the move - backs away into the on-side and, off the bit of the lever closest to the fulcrum, ramps it over the in-field towards third man for four. Deft, close to the body, and expertly executed. Genius stuff!
43.3
Rubel to Warner, FOUR, half-volley, Warner gets the front-leg out of the way and chips it over the in-field to the wide long-on fence for four
43.2
Rubel to Khawaja, 1 run, low full-toss on middle, whipped away to backward square leg for a single
43.1
Rubel to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, oh he wants to throw it away! 139km/h full one outside off, and Warner has switched stances! Tries reverse-flicking it, misses, and runs across for a sundry
42.6
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, full-toss on the hip, Warner opens up his stance and pulls it away towards deep midwicket for a single
42.5
Mortaza to Khawaja, 1 run, fuller one, less width on offer, another open-faced transfer-of-weight steer towards sweeper cover for a single
42.4
Mortaza to Khawaja, FOUR, full and wide outside off, Khawaja opens the face and square-drives it to the deep backward point fence for four
42.3
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, on the boots, whipped away to deep mid-wicket for a quick single - and that's a hundred and a half for Davey! He has a clear shot at a double now. It's right there. He can jog. Doesn't even need to sprint. Raises his bat.
42.2
Mortaza to Warner, SIX, a higher full-toss, from round the wicket, pull-able, and Warner obliges - hoicks it over cow corner for six
42.1
Mortaza to Khawaja, 1 run, low full-toss, whipped down to long-on for a single
41.6
Mustafizur to Khawaja, 1 run, low full-toss again, clipped away to fine leg for a single
41.5
Mustafizur to Khawaja, FOUR, another short one into the body, hapless from the Fizz, and he's swivelled into a pulled behind deep square leg for four
41.4
Mustafizur to Khawaja, FOUR, another terrible full-toss on the legs, not a low one either, and that's expertly whipped away towards deep square leg for four
41.3
Mustafizur to Khawaja, 2 runs, full-toss on the thigh, whipped away to deep square leg for a couple
41.2
Mustafizur to Khawaja, FOUR, the partnership between Khawaja and Warner is now 150+! A slower short one @123km/h, Khawaja waits and waits - and upper-cuts it finer than short third man for four
41.1
Mustafizur to Khawaja, FOUR, low full-toss just outside off, Khawaja tries driving, gets a thick outside edge just past a diving keeper to the fine third man boundary for four
40.6
Shakib to Warner, SIX, a proper half-tracker this time, Warner rocks back, has an age to play the shot, executes the pull over cow corner to perfection - six runs it is. A rare bad ball from Shaks - an attempted chinaman delivery, and he's got no control - drops it short.
40.5
Shakib to Warner, no run, shortish shown leg, another swatty pull towards short fine leg
40.4
Shakib to Warner, FOUR, what? Turning in? Warner doesn't care. Turns himself into a right-hander and top-edges one over the inner circle and away to the third man boundary for four
40.3
Shakib to Khawaja, 1 run, turning towards leg, Khawaja doesn't bother crouching, swat-pulls it away towards short fine leg for a single
40.2
Shakib to Khawaja, 2 runs, tossed up, Khawaja comes down the track and whips it between mid-wicket and long-on for a couple
40.1
Shakib to Khawaja, no run, gets right across that skidder, swats it to short fine whilst on his knee
39.6
Rubel to Khawaja, 1 run, 125kph, cuts the pace off as he gets it across off stump. Khawaja happy to tuck a single through square leg
39.5
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, skiddy ball on leg stump, back of a length, nudged softly into the on-side
39.4
Rubel to Khawaja, 1 run, length ball on middle, turned wide of midwicket
39.3
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, short of length around the waist, Warner - unable to free his arms - pulls it to fine leg
39.2
Rubel to Warner, 2 runs, back of a length delivery at the hips, clipped backward of square
39.1
Rubel to Warner, SIX, that's a proper cricket shot. Pitched up in the slot, Warner merely follows through with an extension on the straight drive, lofting it all the way for six. Mostly timing, along with some power
39.1
Rubel to Warner, wide, short of length delivery down leg, Warner fails to connect
38.6
Mustafizur to Khawaja, 2 runs, waits on the short ball this time and pulls it between two fielders either side of square leg
38.5
Mustafizur to Khawaja, no run, slower short ball spinning in at Khawaja who takes his eyes off it. Was deceived by the lack of pace and missed out on his pull
38.4
Mustafizur to Khawaja, no run, pitched right up on middle and leg, Khawaja drives to cover
38.3
Mustafizur to Warner, Byes, 1 run, slower bouncer outside off, Warner looks to upper-cut but is beaten by the bounce. It dips in front of Rahim who fumbles and gives a bye
38.2
Mustafizur to Warner, FOUR, this time.. this time Warner gets his wish. Backs away to a ball that's back of a length and flat-bats it over mid-off
38.1
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, beaten on the outside edge as he moves outside leg stump. Wanted to open up the off-side but Rahman followed him
37.6
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, flinches on the pull shot and toe-ends it to deep square leg
37.5
Rubel to Khawaja, 1 run, short of length across middle, off-pace delivery, Khawaja tucks it to long leg for his fifty. Warner comes across for a handshake
37.4
Rubel to Khawaja, FOUR, glorious whip-pull from Khawaja, who swivelled on his toes and timed it magnificently through backward square
37.3
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, charges down but doesn't get a ball that he desires with Rubel shortening his length. Chopped off the inside half in front of point
37.2
Rubel to Warner, FOUR, how good is that! Back of a length on middle and leg, and Warner's somehow maneuevered himself into a position that allows him to carve this through backward point. Brilliant shot
37.1
Rubel to Khawaja, 1 run, short of length on off stump, Khawaja nails the pull to deep midwicket. There's a misfield from the fielder but Australia settle for one
36.6
Mustafizur to Warner, 2 runs, short ball on off stump, Warner opens himself up and slaps it over extra cover. Given that it was more of a slice off the outside half, sweeper cover is able to get around
36.5
Mustafizur to Khawaja, 1 run, short ball outside off, Khawaja is on top of the bounce as he pulls it to deep midwicket
36.4
Mustafizur to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, wanted to unleash a barbaric swipe through midwicket but by dint of targetting leg stump, Mustafizur cramped him up. Off the pad in front of midwicket
36.3
Mustafizur to Khawaja, 1 run, silken hands from Khawaja as he drives through to sweeper cover
36.2
Mustafizur to Khawaja, no run, length ball outside off, pushed to cover
36.1
Mustafizur to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery wide of off, chopped wide of sweeper cover
35.6
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, works this wide of mid-on to usher in drinks
35.5
Rubel to Warner, no run, Warner is down! A couple of Bangladesh fans clap passionately. Just a flicker of schadenfreude after all that he's done so far. Back of a length, zips through and beats Warner on the pull. Wasn't short enough. Under-edge onto his box. He'll be fine
35.4
Rubel to Warner, no run, back of a length delivery on leg, tucked to midwicket
35.3
Rubel to Khawaja, 1 run, swivels across and pulls it off the waist down to fine leg. Wasn't able to free the arms there
35.2
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, cramps Warner for room on the cut and he mistimes it to mid-off
35.1
Rubel to Khawaja, 1 run, Rubel much quicker, much skiddier. Length ball on leg stump, rushes into Khawaja who doesn't get across in time for the clip. An inside edge onto pad, deflects behind square
34.6
Mortaza to Khawaja, 1 run, clipped off the pads through square leg
34.5
Mortaza to Khawaja, FOUR, very ordinary bowling. Didn't take the lesson from the boundary earlier, digs it in short again but forgets he doesn't have that required pace. Khawaja's turn to dispatch it through midwicket
34.4
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, pitched up at the stumps, driven to mid-on
34.3
Mortaza to Warner, FOUR, he'll hardly get gentler short balls than this one from Mortaza. Absolutely sits up for Warner to do as he pleases. And he pleases a desultory pull through midwicket
34.2
Mortaza to Warner, no run, short of length delivery outside off, cuts it to backward point
34.1
Mortaza to Khawaja, 1 run, straightens from round the wicket to leave Khawaja squared up in defence. Squirted off a leading edge wide of mid-off
33.6
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, floated up outside off, driven through the covers
33.5
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, short ball which Warner cuts from off stump through point
33.4
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, 89kph, going on with the arm on leg. Khawaja slides back in the crease and whips it through midwicket
33.3
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, tossed up on off stump, Warner gets his front leg out of the way and drives through cover
33.2
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, sliding in on middle, punched down to long-on
33.1
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 2 runs, length ball outside off, driven handsomely with a flourish by Khawaja. Picks a couple to the left of deep point
32.6
Shakib to Khawaja, 1 run, short ball down leg, pulled to the left of deep backward square. Only one
32.5
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, shimmies out and flicks off the pad to long-on
32.4
Shakib to Warner, no run, turned to short midwicket
32.3
Shakib to Khawaja, 1 run, reverse-sweeps this past short third man
32.2
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, Warner roars in delight as he knocks this off his pads wide of midwicket. The single which brings up his second century of the tournament. A milestone that hardly looked in doubt after he was dropped early in the innings. He does his usual celebration routine, leaps up in the air, kisses the badge. And then settles for more
32.1
Shakib to Warner, no run, nudges this off the pads to midwicket
31.6
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, no run, floated up on off, Khawaja checks his push to extra cover
31.5
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 3 runs, flighted up on off, Warner drives with precision through extra cover, leading to a long chase for long-off. Third run completed with ease
31.4
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, back of a length, skidding through towards off, punched to deep point
31.3
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, leans back and punches this through to deep point
31.2
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, shimmies out and punches to cover
31.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, FOUR, poor from the fielder there. Should've been stopped. Short ball just outside off, Warner cuts to the left of backward point who dives on top of the ball
30.6
Shakib to Khawaja, FOUR, quite full down leg, almost in the blockhole. It's been swept away fine from Khawaja, using the pace well for four
30.5
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, works this round the corner for a single
30.4
Shakib to Khawaja, 1 run, back of a length, pushed across off, punched through the covers
30.3
Shakib to Khawaja, 2 runs, connects with the reverse-sweep this time, wide of the man at sweeper cover
30.2
Shakib to Khawaja, no run, slants across Khawaja from round the wicket and beats his attempted reverse-sweep
30.1
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, short ball on leg stump, Warner drops on his back knee and pulls to deep square
29.6
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, no run, pushed through flatter and just outside off, eased off the back-foot and straight to the fielder at backward point
29.5
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, no run, nicely tossed up outside off, Khawaja was early into the drive, gets an inside edge and the ball deflected towards cover off his boot - wanted a run and is sent back as the fielder at cover-point rushed forward
29.4
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, no run, flighted outside off, Khawaja presses half-forward on the defensive push
29.3
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, pushed through with the arm, Warner makes room and eases it square on the off-side for a single
29.2
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, slower and wider of off, eased behind square on the off-side for a single
29.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, tossed up outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
28.6
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, 12 from the over, short of a length and on Warner's hips, tucked in front of square on the on-side for a single
28.5
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, FOUR, Warner is making his move now, back of a length and well wide of off, he gets on top of the bounce and cuts it square past point - the fielder in the deep is square and has no chance
28.4
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven down towards long-off for a single
28.3
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, worked away towards long-on for a single
28.2
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, FOUR, clubbed, length ball outside off, plenty of room for Warner to free his arms and he doesn't miss out - leans into the shot and clears the fielders in the ring, one bounce and over the ropes at cover
28.1
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, driven towards deep cover for a single
27.6
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, Mehidy tosses one down the leg-side, flicked straight to the fielder at short fine
27.5
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, Mehidy drifts this one on Khawaja's pads, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
27.4
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, Mehidy gave this one plenty of air, eased down towards long-off for a single
27.3
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, slower and on off, eased down towards long-off for a single
27.2
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, very full and well wide of off, punched down towards long-off for a single
27.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, slower and drifting onto Warner's pads, nudged to the on-side
26.6
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, length ball at the stumps, Warner plays with soft hands and works it towards mid-wicket, wanted a second run but Shakib is quick on the ball
26.5
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, 1 run, length ball outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
26.4
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and around the middle-stump line, defended towards mid-on
26.3
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, back of a length and at the leg-stump line, punched past mid-wicket for a single
26.2
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, 1 run, length ball at the stumps, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
26.1
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, driven past cover for a single
25.6
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, pushed through with a flatter trajectory - Warner stays back and eases it past the bowler for a single
25.5
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, slower and well outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
25.4
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, flatter and well outside off, punched square on the off-side for a single
25.3
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, a mix-up between the two batsmen and Warner survives as Sabbir fumbled with the ball - Khawaja came down the track, got to the ball on the full and toe-ended the drive to mid-on, he was always coming for the run, but Warner was backing up and was late on the start - the fumble by the fielder eventually saved him
25.2
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, flighted outside off, Warner leans into the drive and gets a single to long-off
25.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, pushed through on off, Warner makes room and punches it back at the bowler
24.6
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, no run, much better from Sarkar, on a good length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
24.5
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, FOUR, lovely, tad too short from Sarkar, can't bowl those at his pace, down the leg-side and Khawaja swivels across on the pull, beats backward square leg and rolls away to the ropes
24.4
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, 2 runs, tad fuller and wider of off, Khawaja drives it on the up and gets it wide of Liton at deep cover - back for the second run
24.3
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, back of a length and around the off-stump channel, pushed into the gap wide of cover for a single
24.2
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, no run, Sarkar shortens his length outside off, Warner prods across and pushes it back past the bowler
24.1
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, cracked to the left of backward point where Sabbir makes a tumbling stop
23.6
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, slower and well outside off, punched square on the off-side for a single
23.5
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, tossed up around the leg-stump line, nudged down towards long-on for a single
23.4
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 2 runs, slower and wider of off, eased in front of square on the off-side and Khawaja comes back for the second
23.3
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, no run, Mehidy drifts one back into the left-hander, Khawaja makes room and finds cover with the back-foot drive
23.2
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, Warner comes down the track to a well flighted delivery and eass it down to long-on for a single
23.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 2 runs, nicely tossed up outside off, Warner prods across and cuts it square on the off-side, scampers back for the second run
22.6
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, short of a good length and well outside off, Warner stands tall and drives it crisply towards long-off for a single
22.5
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, leg byes, 1 run, loud shout for LBW, but the ball pitched outside leg, Khawaja was shuffling across a long way on the tuck and missed, was struck a bit high on the pads as well
22.4
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Khawaja drives it firmly, but straight to the fielder at mid-off
22.3
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Khawaja went hard on the drive and gets an inside edge to mid-on
22.2
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, no run, fraction fuller and angling across the left-hander, Khawaja plays with an open face and finds backward point
22.1
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Khawaja prods forward and finds mid-off with the drive
21.6
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, Mehidy drops one slightly short and well outside off, Warner makes room and crunches the cut to cover
21.5
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, flighted around middle, Warner leans well forward on the defensive push
21.4
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, very full and on off, driven back at the bowler
21.3
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, 1 run, fraction short around off, worked away towards long-on for a single
21.2
Mehidy Hasan to Khawaja, no run, nicely flighted on middle, Khawaja leans across and pushes it to the on-side
21.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, tossed up on off, Warner prods forward and eases it down to long-off for a single
20.6
Soumya Sarkar to Khawaja, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Khawaja leans forward and pushes it to cover
20.5
Soumya Sarkar to Finch, out Caught by Rubel!! That's an innocous dismissal and it's Soumya Sarakar of all people who gets the first wicket for Bangladesh - couldn't have found the fielder better there, Finch. A back of a length delivery outside off, Finch was looking to dab it past the fielder at short third man, perhaps was undone by the hint of some extra bounce - ended up guiding it straight into the fielders hands. Much needed wicket for Bangladesh, the two openers were looking very threatening wkt (1-121) min (91m). Finch c Rubel b Soumya Sarkar 53(51) [4s-5 6s-2]
20.4
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 1 run, full and wide of off, Warner reaches out and drives it to deep cover for a single
20.3
Soumya Sarkar to Warner, 2 runs, on a good length and well wide of off, Warner leans into the drive and places it wide of long-off, comes back for the second run
20.2
Soumya Sarkar to Finch, 1 run, tad fuller and at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
20.1
Soumya Sarkar to Finch, no run, on a good length and just outside off, driven straight to the fielder at cover
19.6
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
19.5
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, 1 run, fuller and flighted, driven down to long-on
19.4
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, FOUR, tickles the ball fine and it races away to the fine leg fence for a four. Fifty for Finch. He has had a phenomenal 2019. His runs continue to rain
19.3
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, no run, fuller delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
19.2
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, 2 runs, biffs the ball away over mid-wicket and they will get a brace. Was a bottom-handed whip
19.1
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, no run, stabs the ball outside off and finds the man at short third man
18.6
Rubel to Warner, 2 runs, little outside off, slanting across and a misfield from the man at point allows the second to be taken. Warner ain't complaining. Poor from Bangladesh though
18.5
Rubel to Warner, no run, finally gets it right and Warner fails to tuck the ball away. Was closer to the pads and Warner got an inside edge on it
18.5
Rubel to Warner, wide, looks to cramp and tuck the batter up but lets it slip down leg for another delivery to be called as a wide
18.5
Rubel to Warner, wide, skiddy, short ball down leg and has been wided as Warner missed the pull
18.4
Rubel to Finch, 1 run, punches it off the back foot and places it wide of mid-off for a single
18.3
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, the ball didn't jump off the length as Warner looked a little cautious into the pull and kept it down to find the man at fine leg for a single
18.2
Rubel to Warner, no run, length delivery dangling across and has been pushed away to the man at cover
18.1
Rubel to Warner, no run, looks to pull, the ball skids on and Warner fails to connect. Hit him on the outer part of the pad
17.6
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, punched off the back foot into the covers for a single. Was another flatter ball from Mehidy Hasan
17.5
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, drifting in again, not much turn and has been pushed back to the bowler
17.4
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, 1 run, flatter ball and has been punched to long-on for a single
17.3
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, stamps back and punches it to the man at long-on for a single
17.2
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, gets the ball to drift in and has been pushed out to cover
17.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, no run, walks down the track and misses the line, was hit on the pads. Huge appeal from the bowler and the keeper, but that was going down
16.6
Rubel to Finch, no run, tighter channel from the bowler who keeps it at the sticks. Finch pushes the ball back to the bowler off the full face of the bat
16.5
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, shortish and has been pulled away into the on-side for a single
16.4
Rubel to Warner, no run, and that rears up big! The top hand takes a knock as Warner was trying to defend that. Was a slower delivery and the ball crept up suddenly to surprise the batter
16.3
Rubel to Warner, 2 runs, 100 runs for the opening duo! Their prolific run continues. Seventh 100 plus partnership for the pair. That was on the pads and tucked away behind square for a double
16.2
Rubel to Warner, no run, back of a length delivery and has been pushed out to the man at point
16.1
Rubel to Warner, no run, fuller and slanting across, pushed out into the covers
15.6
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, no run, stabs the ball outside off and finds the man at short third man
15.5
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, FOUR, hits that into the breeze! And the ball lands inches inside the fence. Again went for the slog sweep and peppered the deep mid area. It looked six the moment it left the bat but landed just short
15.4
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, SIX, the bait was a tossed up delivery and the gait from the batter was a slog sweep. On the pads, Finch sat down and slog swept for a sixer over deep square
15.3
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, no run, punches the ball back to the bowler
15.2
Mehidy Hasan to Finch, no run, slower delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
15.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, 1 run, continues the pad line and has been knocked away into the on-side
15.1
Mehidy Hasan to Warner, wide, slips that down leg and has been wided
14.6
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, Davey Warner has got another fifty! Hasn't been at his flamboyant best but has been very effective. That was short at the body, Warner hopped up and pulled it down to fine leg for a single. His strike-rates haven't been up but his consistency has been up there to ensure Aussies keep getting those good solid starts away
14.5
Rubel to Warner, no run, guards the ball out into the on-side as it landed on a length
14.4
Rubel to Finch, 1 run, hops back with a shuffle and tucks it out past mid-wicket for a single. Was a length ball outside off and was wristed out into the on-side
14.3
Rubel to Finch, no run, angles the ball in from a fuller length but Finch was quick to drive it back to the bowler
14.2
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, stabs the cut past point and the man at deep cover cuts it off. Single added
14.1
Rubel to Warner, no run, quickish delivery on the pads and Warner gets cramped on the tuck. Gets hit on the outer part of the pad. Was going down leg
13.6
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, stays back and turns the ball away into the on-side for a single. 11 off the over
13.5
Shakib to Warner, no run, chips down the track and clips it away to find the man at mid-wicket
13.4
Shakib to Warner, no run, soft leading edge back to the bowler as that was a quicker one
13.3
Shakib to Warner, no run, back footed punch to find the man at cover
13.2
Shakib to Warner, SIX, kneels down and punishes! Picks the bones out of that. Out of the top drawer. That was flighted, Warner knelt down on one knee and slog swept the ball over deep mid for a sixer
13.1
Shakib to Warner, FOUR, charges out and takes it on the full to drill it past cover for a four. That was some neat footwork to take the ball on the full. The bat twisted on impact but he made good enough connection to send it away
12.6
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, fuller delivery outside off and has been square driven into the covers for a single. Was pitched up and Warner leant into the drive
12.5
Rubel to Warner, no run, throws his bat at a wide one and misses. The ball went across the southpaw at a quick pace and the batter missed it. A near appeal had the crowd interested but no reviews taken
12.4
Rubel to Warner, 2 runs, poor from the man at mid-wicket as he does the tower bridge and lets the ball go through him. Short arm jab into the pull and the ball escaped away almost to the fence for a double
12.3
Rubel to Finch, 1 run, length delivery and a stand and deliver punch into the covers from Finch. One more added to the tally
12.2
Rubel to Warner, 1 run, steps back and punches the ball away into the covers for a single. Was a length delivery and Warner was quick to hop back and punch it away
12.1
Rubel to Warner, no run, and slashes the ball away but finds the man at point. Used the pace of the bowler but couldn't place it to get it past the fielder
11.6
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, walks into the on-drive by playing it with the spin. Gets it down to long-on for a single
11.5
Shakib to Finch, 1 run, little shuffle and walk down the track, knocked out to long-on for a single
11.4
Shakib to Warner, 3 runs, back footed cut past cover and the man at mid-off puts in the dive at the last moment to cut it off. Trekked back and placed it to perfection to get it past cover
11.3
Shakib to Finch, 1 run, looks to go inside out and inside halves the ball away past mid-wicket for a single
11.2
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, skips down the track and pushes it out to long-on for a single
11.1
Shakib to Warner, no run, punched into the on-side, finds fielder at mid-wicket
10.6
Mortaza to Finch, FOUR, tickles the ball fine and has run away into the fence. Was little too straight, Finch got inside the line of the ball and nudged it fine for the ball to race away
10.5
Mortaza to Finch, no run, firm punch off the back foot and it finds the man at cover. Was hit hard but found the fielder
10.4
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, stays behind the ball and knocks it out into the on-side for a single
10.3
Mortaza to Warner, no run, shortens the length outside off and has been stabbed out to point
10.2
Mortaza to Finch, 1 run, hops back and tucks it away into the on-side off the inner edge for a single
10.1
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, slaps the ball on the up and it finds the man at deep cover
9.6
Shakib to Finch, no run, fullish in length and Finch eases it towards the man at mid-on from within the crease. Shakib concedes six runs in his first over
9.5
Shakib to Warner, 1 run, drives this one towards mid-off and gets a single
9.4
Shakib to Finch, 1 run, flatter delivery around off, Finch knocks it off his back foot to wide long-off and sticks to a single. There was a direct-hit at the bowler's end from the deep, hence it was a good call
9.3
Shakib to Finch, FOUR, 50-run stand up between Finch and Warner! A loopy delivery on a full length and it's been bludgeoned straight down the ground with a lot of power. No chance of stopping that! A commanding start for the Aussies
9.2
Shakib to Finch, no run, touch slower this one, arrives a little late hence, Finch is gentle with this dab as it rolls back to the bowler
9.1
Shakib to Finch, no run, starts off with a short ball outside off, Finch treks back and punches it firmly to cover
8.6
Mortaza to Finch, 1 run, 114kph, Mortaza goes full this time and Finch drives it back to the bowler. The skipper gets his left hand to it and parries it to mid-off
8.5
Mortaza to Finch, no run, sticks to the same pace, same line, on a length around off and it's been knocked to the fielder at cover by Finch
8.4
Mortaza to Finch, no run, devoid of any pace again, bowled at 115kph and it's been punched to cover by Finch
8.3
Mortaza to Finch, no run, this successive slower ball of the over, Finch waits for it to arrive and knocks it in front of cover
8.2
Mortaza to Finch, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, another slower one that's been nudged to the fielder at mid-wicket by Finch, stopped comfortably this time around
8.1
Mortaza to Finch, 2 runs, heaves the slower delivery off an inside edge towards mid-wicket and a misfield allows the batsmen to come back for two
7.6
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, changes angles, comes round the wicket and bowls another bouncer, Warner is quick to sway away from its line
7.5
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, slower delivery by Mustafizur, pitched on a full length and it's been driven to mid-off by Warner
7.4
Mustafizur to Warner, SIX, first maximum for Warner! Mustafizur drops it short and Warner swivel-pulls it over deep square leg for a six. Wasn't in control of the shot but he had middled it, hence it went the distance. Although the openers have struggled to an extent, Australia are off to decent start. Bangladesh need someone to break this stand
7.3
Mustafizur to Finch, 1 run, fullish delivery outside off, Finch gets his front foot across and punches it to mid-off for a single
7.2
Mustafizur to Finch, no run, angled across the batsman outside off, pitched on a full length and it's been punched through covers
7.1
Mustafizur to Warner, 1 run, pitched on a full length by Mustafizur and Warner check-drives it to mid-on. Had Rubel not timed his jump to save it, this could have been a boundary
6.6
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, drags the short of a length ball through mid-wicket and retains strike with a single
6.5
Mortaza to Warner, no run, short and wide outside off, Warner punches it powerfully to the fielder at cover
6.4
Mortaza to Warner, FOUR, crunched! Back of a length around off, Warner rides the bounce and punches it with precision. Gets it past the fielder at mid-off and finds the fence in a jiffy. The fielder inside the ring didn't even bother going for the chase, such was the timing
6.3
Mortaza to Warner, no run, short of a length around off, Warner tries to work it across the line but the ball arrives a touch late. Hence the batsman gets an inside edge on to his thigh pad
6.2
Mortaza to Warner, no run, nudges the length ball towards the fielder at mid-wicket
6.1
Mortaza to Warner, no run, pitched on a full length around off, Warner looks to punch it with lack of footwork but gets an inside edge past the stumps, deflected towards short fine leg
5.6
Mustafizur to Finch, no run, that cutter of his. Tad fuller in the channel outside off and Finch gets beaten as he attempts a square cut, could have easily nicked it to the keeper
5.5
Mustafizur to Warner, 1 run, goes full after bowling a short ball, keeps it down the leg side and it's been flicked down to fine leg by Warner
5.4
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, nice short ball by the Fizz, Warner reads it late but is quick to sway away from the firing line
5.3
Mustafizur to Finch, 1 run, pushes the overpitched delivery to the left of mid-off and calls for a quick run, taken comfortably in the end
5.2
Mustafizur to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, what is Mustafizur appealing for? This struck Warner on the thigh pad! He was looking to nudge the short ball away but got beaten due to the extra carry before getting hit around hip high
5.1
Mustafizur to Finch, 1 run, slices the length ball down to third man for a single
4.6
Mortaza to Warner, 2 runs, Sabbir has dropped a catch at point! Short ball outside off and Warner plays an uppish square cut. It was right to the man stationed there but he didn't pick it by the looks of it. Gets his hands to it and parries it away to square third man as the batsmen take a couple. How costly is that going to prove?
4.5
Mortaza to Warner, no run, this one kept a touch low, Warner almost gets deceived due to the lack of bounce but he gets some bat on his slap, miscued to mid-off
4.4
Mortaza to Warner, no run, angled into the batsman from round the wicket, length ball and it's been dabbed in front of cover by Warner
4.3
Mortaza to Finch, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Finch hops in his crease and flicks it through mid-wicket, single taken
4.2
Mortaza to Finch, no run, on a length around off, Finch comes on his front foot and eases it in front of cover
4.1
Mortaza to Finch, SIX, shot of a man in confidence. Not that full but Finch picks it up nicely. Transfers his weight on to the front foot and lifts it over covers for half a dozen, brilliant shot
3.6
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, another superb stop by Shakib, has saved a couple of boundaries already. Was a short ball that was thrashed to cover by Warner but Shakib inside the ring is equal to the task, stopped with a dive
3.5
Mustafizur to Warner, FOUR, very fine margin for error against the likes of Warner. Mustafizur slides this one down the leg side and the left hander tickles it away to the fine leg fence. Had to get some bat on it which he did. He's not gonna miss out on such freebies
3.4
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, dishes in a length ball around middle and leg, 139kph, Warner is quick to bring his bat down and nudge it into the leg side
3.3
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, 136kph, tad fuller around off and Warner square drives it to the fielder at point
3.2
Mustafizur to Finch, 1 run, straying in line, on the pads and it's been clipped down to fine leg by Finchy, easy pickings
3.2
Mustafizur to Finch, wide, short one sliding down the leg side, 137ks and Finch is disappointed as he fails to lay bat on his glance
3.1
Mustafizur to Finch, no run, better delivery by the Fizz. Pitches this one on a full length at 139ks, in the channel outside off and it's been left alone by Finch
2.6
Mortaza to Finch, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Finch tries to glance it away but the ball clips his pads and rolls into the leg side, leg bye taken by the pair
2.5
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, nudges the length delivery towards mid-wicket for a single
2.4
Mortaza to Warner, no run, Warner looking to take on the bowlers now. His last two shots certainly are a proof of it. Back of a length ball around off and the left hander looks to hack across the line. The timing wasn't good enough to get this one past mid-wicket. Even the batsman knew he didn't middle the ball as he shadow practices his shot soonafter
2.3
Mortaza to Finch, 1 run, a lot slower by Mortaza, length ball around middle and leg, Finch nudges it with soft hands in front of mid-on and takes an easy single
2.2
Mortaza to Finch, no run, back of a length around off and it's been crunched back to the bowler by Finch
2.1
Mortaza to Finch, no run, on a length around off, Finch keeps his head steady and punches it back to Mortaza. Good stop by the skipper who gets low in his followthrough to save a certain boundary
1.6
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, that ball deserved a boundary but the field placement was good on that occasion. Short and wide outside off, Warner throws his hands at it with a punch but finds the man stationed at cover
1.5
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, 137kph, angled into the batsman around middle and leg, Warner tries to work it through the on side but gets beaten due to the angle. Struck on the pads but it clearly sliding down the leg side. A rather optimistic appeal by Mustafizur
1.4
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, back of a length and seaming away, Warner gets high and knocks it to the man at cover
1.3
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, in the channel outside off, shaping away from the batsman and Warner decides to leave it once again
1.2
Mustafizur to Warner, FOUR, there have been two boundaries in this innings so far and both have been all about timing. Not much power behind the shot. Was a short of a length ball by Mustafizur and the southpaw punches it off his back foot, through the gap at cover-point as the lightning quick outfield fetches him his first boundary
1.1
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, 131kph, hint of outswing on this fullish delivery, Warner watches it carefully and lets it through to the keeper
0.6
Mortaza to Finch, no run, fine stop at covers. Finch crunches his drive against this full ball but it's been stopped nicely by Shakib inside the ring
0.5
Mortaza to Finch, FOUR, Finch opens his account with a boundary. A gentle length ball by Mortaza and the skipper clips it through square leg. Impeccable timing to notch up the first four of the morning
0.4
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, Warner is off the the mark but not in a convicing manner. A cross-seam length delivery from round the wicket and Warner gets an inside edge towards the on side. He was trying to play a back foot punch but the ball shaped back in and caught the inside edge. Could have possible deflected back on the stumps but Warner's lucky, at least in the first over
0.3
Mortaza to Warner, no run, 'wait on' is the call from Warner as he punches the short of a length delivery towards the fielder at cover, played it well but couldn't really find a gap
0.2
Mortaza to Warner, no run, pitches this one a tad fuller, not quite a full length delivery but on a length, speared into the batsman who blocks it off his front foot
0.1
Mortaza to Warner, no run, starts off with a short ball from round the wicket, Warner rides the bounce and taps the ball in front of point
Commentary
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Rubel Hossain,Soumya Sarkar,Sabbir Rahman,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Liton Das
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell, Mitchell Starc, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
