49.6
Jofra Archer to Ikram Ali, no run, oh dear! Jofra Archer wanted one last swipe at Afghanistan, not satisfied with their shade of black and blue, and he lands a nasty blow on the helmet of Ikram Ali who was staggered by this short ball. Sums up how England have bullied Afghanistan today
49.5
Jofra Archer to Ikram Ali, no run, short of length around the hip, Ikram Ali swivels and turns it to short fine leg
49.4
Jofra Archer to Rashid Khan, out Caught by Bairstow!! Rashid can now start to try putting this day behind him. Short ball around off, he backs away for a slash, skies it off the top-edge and the ball drops into Bairstow's safe hands at sweeper cover wkt (8-247) min (19m). Rashid Khan c Bairstow b Jofra Archer 8(13) [4s-1]
49.3
Jofra Archer to Ikram Ali, leg byes, 1 run, speared in on leg stump, 144kph, Ikram Ali wears it on his pad as he falls over on the flick
49.2
Jofra Archer to Ikram Ali, no run, low full toss on off, kept out by Ikram Ali as he knocks it back to Archer
49.1
Jofra Archer to Ikram Ali, no run, length ball on middle, nudged back down the pitch
48.6
Mark Wood to Rashid Khan, no run, zips through from short of length beating Rashid for pace
48.5
Mark Wood to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, steps away from the stumps, receives one in his half and skies it up. Has managed to slice it over mid-off, but it plugs in front of the boundary
48.4
Mark Wood to Rashid Khan, FOUR, not the best strike, but mid-off was up in the ring and he got enough bat to beat him
48.3
Mark Wood to Rashid Khan, no run, short ball outside off, swing and a miss from Rashid who's not gaining much retribution with bat in hand either
48.2
Mark Wood to Ikram Ali, 1 run, yorker length on middle, squeezed past a leaping Wood to long-on
48.1
Mark Wood to Ikram Ali, no run, yorker length around middle, nudged into the on-side
47.6
Jofra Archer to Rashid Khan, no run, slower short ball, Archer calling upon his entire repertoire, Rashid mistimes the swat to mid-off
47.5
Jofra Archer to Rashid Khan, no run, now a high full toss, Rashid swings limply to mid-off. Deemed to be just below the waist
47.5
Jofra Archer to Rashid Khan, wide, short ball that's been left alone owing to the height it achieves. Too high actually
47.4
Jofra Archer to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, 120kph, the drop-down in pace has Rashid swinging early, leading to a slice over extra cover
47.3
Jofra Archer to Rashid Khan, no run, short ball around off, Rashid opens himself up and slashes, only to chop it off the bottom edge into the off-side
47.2
Jofra Archer to Ikram Ali, 1 run, pitched right up at the stumps, looking for the yorker and not missing by much. Dug out wide of backward point
47.1
Jofra Archer to Ikram Ali, no run, short ball with some menace, Ikram Ali does exceedingly well to drop it into the pitch with soft hands
46.6
Mark Wood to Rashid Khan, no run, now a slower ball wide of off. He's left Rashid guessing and has prevented him from getting anywhere near it
46.5
Mark Wood to Rashid Khan, no run, that's just ruthless from Wood who follows Rashid down leg with his short ball. Did well to yank his head under it
46.4
Mark Wood to Rashid Khan, no run, slower ball wide of off, Rashid can't reach out for the slice
46.3
Mark Wood to Ikram Ali, 1 run, off the gloves perhaps? Brute of a short ball which Ikram Ali can't evade. Leaves his hands up and is lucky that it drops just wide of Buttler's dive
46.2
Mark Wood to Najibullah, out Bowled!! Timbahhhh! An off-cutter which didn't rise enough for Zadran's heave to connect. England deploying their death bowling drills effectively wkt (7-234) min (21m). Najibullah b Mark Wood 15(13) [6s-1]
46.1
Mark Wood to Najibullah, no run, too quick for Zadran. Short ball that skids through before the pull comes across. Beaten
45.6
Jofra Archer to Rashid Khan, no run, pitched up at the stumps, driven back to Archer
45.5
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, out Bowled!! Showed too much of his stumps to Archer who was canny enough to take them down. He had premeditated his trek to the off-side, and moved across too early. Archer smartly sends an off-cutter, taking the pace right off, enough to deceive Shahidi. Fighting knock though after a nasty blow to the helmet wkt (6-234) min (145m). Shahidi b Jofra Archer 76(100) [4s-5 6s-2]
45.4
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, FOUR, that has been rammed down the ground from Shahidi. Right in the slot from Archer, Shahidi's ferocious swing of the arms makes sure he doesn't escape punishment
45.3
Jofra Archer to Najibullah, 1 run, dragged off the inside half to the right of deep backward square
45.2
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, 1 run, steps away from leg stump and tries to swing this down the ground, but it comes off the inside half to deep square leg
45.1
Jofra Archer to Najibullah, 1 run, 117kph, slower ball that's full at the stumps, Zadran drills it on the bounce to long-on
44.6
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, short ball in line with leg stump, Shahidi ducks
44.5
Mark Wood to Najibullah, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, steps leg-side and dabs it down to third man
44.4
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 1 run, back of a length, cuts away from off, Shahidi steers to third man
44.3
Mark Wood to Najibullah, 1 run, overpitched on middle and leg, Zadran goes deep in the crease and flicks to deep backward square
44.2
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 1 run, length ball on leg stump, Shahidi clips it through square leg
44.1
Mark Wood to Najibullah, 1 run, slower ball on leg stump, clipped through midwicket
43.6
Woakes to Najibullah, 1 run, near yorker outside off, Zadran reaches out and jams it through point
43.5
Woakes to Shahidi, 1 run, length ball on middle and leg, clipped through square leg
43.4
Woakes to Najibullah, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, chopped off the bottom half to third man
43.3
Woakes to Najibullah, SIX, short of length delivery just outside off, Zadran leans back and bludgeons over midwicket. Gives the Afghanistan fans something to cheer
43.2
Woakes to Najibullah, no run, short ball outside off, beats Zadran on the cut
43.1
Woakes to Shahidi, 1 run, short ball right at Shahidi's face, just somehow throws his hands up at it to protect himself and it balloons off the bat-shoulder in front of midwicket
42.6
Adil Rashid to Najibullah, no run, another reverse-sweep, misses out this time. England think there's some wood, or glove, on it. But no, they'll lose the review
42.5
Adil Rashid to Najibullah, 2 runs, reverse-sweep from Najibullah to begin with, swats it fine for a couple
42.4
Adil Rashid to Mohammad Nabi, out Caught by Stokes!! High from Mohammad Nabi, not long. It's taken at long-on with Stokes settling under it comfortably. It wasn't as wide as the previous one from Rashid, but he ensured Mohammad Nabi couldn't get anywhere close to a meaty connection with his slog. Came right off the bottom. He's bowling himself into some rhythm here wkt (5-210) min (8m). Mohammad Nabi c Stokes b Adil Rashid 9(7) [6s-1]
42.3
Adil Rashid to Mohammad Nabi, no run, deliberately tossed wide by Rashid, knows Mohammad Nabi's after him. There's prodigious turn on this one and it beats Mohammad Nabi's swing
42.2
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, fired full outside off, driven to long-off
42.1
Adil Rashid to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short ball on leg stump, the pull was more of an under-edge from Mohammad Nabi, mistimes it to long leg
41.6
Woakes to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short of length outside off, Mohammad Nabi's through with the pull too early, gets it off the cue end into the off-side
41.5
Woakes to Shahidi, 1 run, steps out and slices the flat-batted forehand but it drops in front of Wood at mid-off who was diving forward for the catch
41.4
Woakes to Shahidi, no run, full at the stumps, hangs back and defends
41.3
Woakes to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, gets on top of the bounce this time and pulls to long leg
41.2
Woakes to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short ball around chest height, which proves too much of a struggle for Mohammad Nabi to deal with. He jumps in the crease looking to pull, but has a top-edge spooning up. Took some part of the body which stopped it from carrying to the keeper
41.1
Woakes to Shahidi, 1 run, back of a length, cuts across off, Shahidi punches wide of point
40.6
Adil Rashid to Mohammad Nabi, SIX, Mohammad Nabi, having copped plenty, wants to dish it back. Comes out swinging first ball, clouting this leg-break way over wide long-on
40.5
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, out Caught by Root!! That's a lovely leg-break from Rashid, first drawing Afghan forward in defence and then getting enough dip on it to leave him vulnerable. Always a win if you have the batsman stretching to meet the ball. This time, the turn ensures there's a tangible reward with Afghan edging to slip, via Buttler's glove wkt (4-198) min (68m). Asghar Afghan c Root b Adil Rashid 44(48) [4s-3 6s-2]
40.4
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, almost chipped the googly to long-off! Didn't carry eventually. But wasn't that far away. Probably he didn't want it to go that far. Just that he timed it too well
40.3
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, floated up on leg stump, flicked to short midwicket
40.2
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, pushed through flat on leg, Shahidi paddles it to short fine leg
40.1
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, flighted up on off, swept to long leg
39.6
Woakes to Shahidi, no run, overpitched outside off, jammed to point
39.5
Woakes to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, short ball around the shoulders, well controlled by Afghan who pulls along the floor to fine leg
39.4
Woakes to Shahidi, 1 run, full toss on the pads, flicked to long leg
39.3
Woakes to Shahidi, no run, back of a length, cuts away from off stump. Shahidi swung wildly across the line, but the spongy bounce foiled his efforts
39.2
Woakes to Shahidi, no run, stepped out and made room simultaneously, but Woakes followed him. Hence Shahidi finds no power on the cut to point
39.1
Woakes to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery around off, Shahidi opens his bat-face and guides it to point
38.6
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, full toss down leg, Shahidi gets a thick top-edge on the sweep shot but there's no one catching at short fine
38.5
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 2 runs, tossed up down the leg-side, with Rashid losing his line after the reverse-sweep. Shahidi settles for a conventional sweep this time and plays it fine
38.4
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 2 runs, unfurls the reverse-sweep. Was helped by a loopy full toss which he happily swipes to the right of sweeper cover. Forces Bairstow into a diving stop
38.3
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, uses his feet, takes it on the half-volley and drills it to mid-off
38.2
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, flighted on middle and leg, Afghan works it through midwicket
38.1
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, steps to the leg-side, Rashid's drift catches up with him and produces an inside edge onto pad
37.6
Woakes to Shahidi, no run, length ball outside off, Woakes had cut his fingers across it - which was the underlying factor in Shahidi's miscue off the inside half to midwicket
37.5
Woakes to Shahidi, no run, back of a length on middle, blunted into the off-side
37.4
Woakes to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, clipped in front of the waist through square leg
37.3
Woakes to Shahidi, 1 run, overpitched on off, Shahidi punches to mid-off for a quick single
37.2
Woakes to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, slower short ball around the shoulders, Afghan pulls to deep square leg
37.1
Woakes to Asghar Afghan, no run, back of a length delivery wide of off, Afghan looks to fiddle, pokes away from the body and misses
36.6
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, length ball turning in on middle, turned to midwicket
36.5
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, short ball down leg, Afghan can't do much more than pull it down to fine leg
36.4
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, punched to short extra cover
36.3
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, wanted to step out but had to embrace caution with Rashid pulling his length back. Defends into the off-side
36.2
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, right on top of the ball as he sweeps this through square leg. Skims along to the boundary
36.1
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, flighted up on off, Afghan defends forward
35.6
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, no run, 142km/h, short of length and in the channel outside off, right on the money, and a hasty poke to backward point
35.5
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, FOUR, 139km/h, short of length on the hips, tucked away with a faint tickle towards fine leg for four
35.4
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery on off, 142km/h, a backfoot steer to backward point
35.4
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, wide, short, very short, Shahidi backs away and has a go at the upper cut. Too far to reach - wide called for height
35.3
Jofra Archer to Shahidi, no run, skids through from a good length outside off at 143km/h, seams away a little, beats the tentative poke on the outside edge
35.2
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, skids through from a good length, 142km/h, punched hastily towards wide mid-on for a single
35.1
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, short ball at the body, 145km/h, pulled, top-edge, but falls in no-man's land at deep mid-wicket for a couple
34.6
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, FOUR, full one on the pads again, swept away in the gap this time - towards deep square leg or a boundary. A fifty for Hashmatullah, his 9th in ODIs.
34.5
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, topspinner, slapped off the backfoot towards sweeper cover for a single
34.4
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, a looper on off, Shahidi reaches out and sweeps it down to deep mid-wicket for a single
34.4
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, wide, 2 down leg-side, Shahidi has another go at the sweep, misses - they run three wides, as Buttler misses it too
34.3
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 2 runs, slip in, turning away, but too short - carved away to deep backward point for a couple
34.2
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, skids through on leg, Asghar Afghan stays low and pulls it down to backward square leg for a single
34.1
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, tossed up outside off, Asghar Afghan goes for the sweep, misses - Buttler whips off the bails, and the boot did look like it left the ground for a bit there. Going upstairs - nope, even his pad is inside...
33.6
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, oh Jonny Jonny Jonny, he's dropped it! A short one, @139km/h, finally gets him to top-edge a hook, but Jonny Bairstow runs in from a slightly finer position and fluffs it. A fairly regulation take, particularly by his standards...
33.5
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, no run, another short one, a bit of width, Asghar Afghan tries to ride the bounce and glide behind point - but the 146km/h of oomph gets too big on him!
33.4
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, no run, another short one, steeper bounce, @141km/h, Asghar Afghan has another go at the hook - misses this time. Sails over him.
33.3
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, another short one just outside off @139km/h, Asghar Afghan swivels and nails the dragged pull towards wide long-on for four
33.2
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, no run, short one @133km/h, a hop and a fend into the wicket
33.1
Jofra Archer to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, short, not a lot of width, @136km/h, cut away to deep backward point for a couple
32.6
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, SIX, tossed up again, Shahidi absolutely charges down and clubs it flat over the long-off rope for six! Wood's bouncer has injected some life into the Shahidi innings - 21 off 11 after the hit on the head!
32.5
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, full and flighted on off, driven down to mid-off
32.4
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, turning away from a good length, poked square of the wicket for a single
32.3
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, SIX, tossed up, just a little bit slower, Asghar Afghan is down the wicket in the jiffy, picks the length early, and absolutely doesn't let it turn - smokes it over cow corner
32.2
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, skids through on the stumps, defended from the crease
32.1
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, wide leg-break outside off, Asghar Afghan reaches out, follows the drift to sweep, falls over like a mirror-image of Kanhai, and manages to keep is feet in the crease
31.6
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, expected response from Wood - a 140km/h bouncer. Shahidi ducks and exposes the back of the head to the bowler once again!
31.5
Mark Wood to Shahidi, SIX, short, pull, top-edge, six! A short one outside off, Shahidi absolutely drags it cross-batted and clubs it straight down the ground for six!
31.4
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on off, whipped away to deep mid-wicket for a couple
31.3
Mark Wood to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, yorker length delivery on middle, dug out straight down the ground - and Moeen throws at the striker's end, but the ball lands on the footmark and off-breaks past the leg-stump! I must say, the batsman was out if the ball followed its original line!
31.2
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 1 run, another short one, he's moved more significantly towards the off-side now, and executed another backfoot-leap-based glance towards fine leg - aerial for very long, but falls short of fine leg
31.1
Mark Wood to Shahidi, FOUR, short of length delivery on the hips, a shuffle and a stylish pick-up whip-pull towards fine leg for four
30.6
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, flat and full on middle/leg, defended right back
30.5
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, googler, whipped off the backfoot down to mid-on
30.4
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, leg-break on middle and leg, Asghar Afghan comes down the track and deadbats compactly
30.3
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, on leg-stump, Shahidi sticks his leg out and sweeps it down to fine leg for a single
30.2
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, beats the outside edge with a fantastic googly as Shahidi tries to deadbat
30.1
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, tossed up on middle, whipped down to mid-on
29.6
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 1 run, another short one, no mercy, and he's hopped and fended it to square leg for a single
29.5
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, CONCUSSION ALERT! 141km/h, skiddy bouncer, that doesn't take off - pings Shahidi on the back of the helmet - without a neck-guard. The England physio is out there. A security guy in fact. Took his eye off the ball, and he was struck flush on the back of the visor, whilst trying to duck. He's been surrounded by players and officials, but he's back on his feet after going down immediately after being struck. That's a good sign. Looks like he's okay to bat.
29.4
Mark Wood to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, short and just outside off again, pulled away towards midwicket for a single
29.3
Mark Wood to Asghar Afghan, no run, rising at the face, Asghar Afghan is made to fend with a loose bottom-hand - lost sight of it, but managed to get on top to fend it off the sticker in the end
29.2
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 1 run, back of a length delivery, staying low outside off, Shahidi has a going at the drive, massive outside edge, very thick, and it goes through a vacant gully area towards third man for a single
29.1
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, middle stump line, skidding through, a hop and a tuck towards midwicket, a throw at the striker's end - hits, but he's back in
28.6
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, skids through down leg, paddle-pulled towards the fine leg fence for four
28.5
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, loopy delivery outside off, Shahidi comes down the track and lofts inside out over cover for a single
28.4
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Asghar Afghan reaches out and drives it down to sweeper cover for a single
28.3
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, SIX, against the spin, he dances down hastily and smokes it over cow corner for six - 90 meters
28.2
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, loopy one outside off, Asghar Afghan charges down, drills it to cover
28.1
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, skids through outside off, tapped off the backfoot towards cover
27.6
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, angling in, open-faced steer to backward point
27.5
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, a hop and a chop towards point
27.4
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, fuller length delivery just outside off, a forward stride and a punch to extra cover
27.3
Mark Wood to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, angling in, back of a length, straightening, fended towards cover point
27.2
Mark Wood to Asghar Afghan, no run, shortish one on middle, Asghar Afghan hops and fends it into the wicket
27.1
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 1 run, short of length delivery on off, a hop and a tap on the head down to third man for a single
26.6
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, drift in, turn away, backfoot defence - squared up
26.5
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, flatter, drifting into middle, deadbatted
26.4
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, leg-break, skidding, backfoot-tapped to cover
26.3
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, skids through, turning in, tucked behind square leg
26.2
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, loopy and full, driven down to long-off
26.1
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, short and wide, chopped down to sweeper cover
25.6
Mark Wood to Asghar Afghan, no run, 142kph, back of a length skidding on. Defended
25.5
Mark Wood to Asghar Afghan, no run, 145kph, slight reverse as it comes in through the air. Nothing alarming though, with Afghan defending it out
25.4
Mark Wood to Shahidi, 1 run, length, angling across, stabbed backward of point
25.3
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 139kph, bumper, which Shahidi's swaying out early to
25.2
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 142kph, cramping tummy-lines. Shahidi hops behind in keeping it out
25.1
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 139kph, full on off, wristed away to mid-on
24.6
Adil Rashid to Asghar Afghan, no run, googly, but a little too big-spinning. Starts on off, ends up on the legs as Afghan stays back-footed and whips all around it
24.5
Adil Rashid to Rahmat, out Caught by Bairstow!! The other Rashid redeems the name. He does it with a proper full toss, but never mind, Rahmat tries to slog it out of sight. But he just doesn't get hold of this, dragging it off the inside-part and picking out deep mid-wicket with it wkt (3-104) min (98m). Rahmat c Bairstow b Adil Rashid 46(74) [4s-3 6s-1]
24.4
Adil Rashid to Rahmat, no run, head-on-ball in the plonked forward defence
24.3
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, 1 run, just a defence in front of cover, quick legs
24.2
Adil Rashid to Shahidi, no run, neatly driven through the line to long-off
24.1
Adil Rashid to Rahmat, 1 run, straighter one on middle, but it's just too full as Shah can clip it away behind square
23.6
Stokes to Rahmat, 1 run, big edge on the tentative poke, runs it away behind point
23.5
Stokes to Rahmat, no run, and the length goes shorter. Shah is back to swaying out of these
23.4
Stokes to Rahmat, no run, 136kph, kicks up off a back of a length, Shah will still find a way to drag it on, this time with a jump as he inside-edges
23.3
Stokes to Rahmat, no run, 138kph, very much on the fourth-stump. Shah tries to chop, but ends up getting too close, nearly dragging it on
23.2
Stokes to Shahidi, 1 run, pitched up outside off, another one of those repect drives through the covers
23.1
Stokes to Shahidi, no run, 137kph, an on the up opened up punch to point
22.6
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, on the dance down, realizes he's too close for comfort and then bunts it only as far as the bowler
22.5
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 2 runs, does well in fact to place his flick in the mid-wicket gap, two-worthy
22.4
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, steps forward to the pitch of it in stroking it through the line to long-off
22.3
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, a checked forward nudge, mid-wicket
22.2
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, shuffles at first, then moves away and stabs it to point
22.1
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, drifting across on off. Nudged away to leg
21.6
Stokes to Rahmat, 1 run, 142kph, slipping into the thighs, glanced away behind square
21.5
Stokes to Shahidi, 1 run, 143kph, full on middle. Quite a squeezed flick it is, mid-on
21.4
Stokes to Rahmat, 1 run, 137kph, wristy cover drive, and the covers are empty
21.3
Stokes to Shahidi, 1 run, 136kph, opens up his stance in an attempted punch through the covers, ending up with a thick outside half down to third man
21.2
Stokes to Shahidi, no run, 139kph, tapped away in front of point and both want half a single, so they step out, and go back
21.1
Stokes to Shahidi, no run, 135kph, an over the wicket bumper that stays down leg. Shahidi stays down too
20.6
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, 1 run, fuller outside off, sliced away through sweeper
20.5
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, no run, finds the footholes on a length and gets this to rip. Hashmatullah has half a flirt, and a full miss
20.4
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, goes short and wide. Slapped away through point
20.3
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, FOUR, fired into the pads. Shah gets more than a tickle on this glance with nobody at fine leg, and pickings don't get easier
20.2
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, 1 run, steps down, steps away, inside-outing his drive to long-off
20.1
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, spins in big from outside off. Shah adjusts on the back foot, tucking round the corner
19.6
Stokes to Rahmat, 1 run, 137kph, he's up tall to steer his stab to third man
19.5
Stokes to Rahmat, no run, tight good length on off. Tapped with a late opened up bat to point
19.4
Stokes to Shahidi, 1 run, 141kph of a near yorker on middle. Whipped away in front of square
19.3
Stokes to Shahidi, no run, arches behind in a punch on the up. And again, the bounce will take it further over
19.2
Stokes to Shahidi, no run, kicks up off a length with Shahidi actually adjusting well in a soft-handed drop down the pitch
19.1
Stokes to Rahmat, 1 run, back of a length nipping back in on off. Guided away to third man
18.6
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, no run, back, across, sternly behind this in defence
18.5
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, no run, big plonk in front, blocking the life out of it
18.4
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, on a walk, and then on a flick further to long-on
18.3
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, lines up to defend, nudging it softly to leg
18.2
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, FOUR, big fat outside edge .. with Shah wafting and then the absence of slip working in his favour as well, with nothing short third man can do with it either
18.1
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, spins in big, past the flick and then popping up off the legs towards where a short-leg-would've-been
17.6
Stokes to Shahidi, no run, short, just outside off, duck-worthy
17.5
Stokes to Shahidi, no run, pokes tentatively. Shahidi reaches away from his body in an attempted dab, but it ends up angling further past
17.4
Stokes to Shahidi, 2 runs, slight width, and steered away square
17.3
Stokes to Rahmat, 1 run, 140kph, hops up to defend on the up, but then will run it away off the inside edge through square leg
17.2
Stokes to Rahmat, no run, short, outside off, easy sway-outs these
17.1
Stokes to Rahmat, no run, cuts in big off the good length spot with Shah shuffling in an attempted tuck, only to get beaten and struck on the thigh pad
16.6
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, no run, on middle, pushed back defensively. And that'll be drinks
16.5
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, and back to calmly knocking stuff around, long-off
16.4
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, SIX, on the dance, and Shah finally shows some intent. Closes out the line, makes it into one in the slot and then swings big to smoke it over long-off with a dash of inside-out
16.3
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, 1 run, a walk down now, stroking it through the line, down the ground
16.2
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, no run, steps out in driving it back to a diving Moeen
16.1
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, to cover, Shah is in no hurry, he's plonk forward, cover the line and then steer it away in front of point
15.6
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 146kph, pacy bumper, Shahidi ducks under it
15.5
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, back of a length delivery, Shahidi fences it to backward point
15.4
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, full and angling away from wide of the crease, pushed back to the bowler off the inner part of the bat
15.3
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 145kph, fullish ball, Shahidi moves across and pushes it to mid-off. Rahmat is sent back and luckily for him Moeen fumbles at mid-off
15.2
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 147kph, skidy length ball on the stumps, Shahidi hops and drops it into the pitch
15.1
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 146kph, sharp bumper and Shahidi hurriedly ducks under it
14.6
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, 1 run, patted towards point
14.5
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, under-edge the chop to short third man
14.4
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, defended into the off-side with a huge stride forward and there's a yes-no situation between the batsmen. Buttler is swift to get to the ball, but targets the wrong end (bowler's). Even if he had scored a direct hit at the striker's end, reckon Rahmat would have made his ground
14.3
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, driven from the crease and Vince dives to his left at short mid-wicket to save a run
14.2
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, 1 run, tossed up delivery, full and drifting on the pads, clipped to mid-wicket
14.1
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, back-footed punch to deep point
13.6
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 144kph, decks away from a length and Shahidi plays inside the line to let it go through to the keeper
13.5
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, pushed towards mid-on
13.4
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 145kph, takes off from a back of a length and Shahidi stuck his bat out in a hope to put bat on ball. Too quick and add extra bounce to it - whizzed past the outside edge
13.4
Mark Wood to Shahidi, wide, banged in short, too short and that's been wided
13.3
Mark Wood to Shahidi, FOUR, edged and four! A pacy fullish ball outside off and Shahidi half-heartedly pushed at it with no feet movement. The ball finds the gap between second slip and gully. The third man fielder put in a dive, but in vain
13.2
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 142kph, away-angler outside off, left alone
13.1
Mark Wood to Shahidi, no run, 144kph, good length delivery, Shahidi looks to tuck through the on-side and only manages a leading edge towards backward point
12.6
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, 1 run, comes in with the arm, Shahidi hangs back and forces it to sweeper cover
12.5
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, no run, in-drifter on leg, Shahidi gets forward and blocks it back towards the bowler
12.4
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, 89kph, turned with the spin to deep square leg
12.3
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, 1 run, 88kph, fullish ball, nudged to mid-wicket
12.2
Moeen Ali to Shahidi, no run, with a slip in place, Moeen bowls a flat ball on the stumps from round the wicket. It's been blocked out
12.1
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, in-turner, Rahmat rocks back and punches to sweeper cover
11.6
Mark Wood to Rahmat, 1 run, straying onto the pads and Rahmat works it through mid-wicket. The batsmen decide against the second run
11.5
Mark Wood to Gulbadin Naib, out Caught by Buttler!! Buttler takes an excellent running catch! The pace and bounce of Wood does the trick. A shortish ball at 147kph and Gulbadin Naib was late into his stroke - the pull shot. The ball lobs up off the top edge and Buttler had to sprint towards the short fine leg region and put in a dive to pouch that. The partnership has been broken and it's the aggressive Gulbadin Naib who has to depart. Wood strikes in his opening over!wkt (2-52) min (52m). Gulbadin Naib c Buttler b Mark Wood 37(28) [4s-4 6s-1]
11.4
Mark Wood to Rahmat, 1 run, 142kph, in-slanter from a length, tucked to mid-wicket
11.3
Mark Wood to Rahmat, no run, 138kph, fuller than a good length ball, a shuffling Rahmat defends it stoutly towards mid-off
11.2
Mark Wood to Rahmat, no run, 141kph, similar delivery, pushed defensively to mid-off
11.1
Mark Wood to Rahmat, no run, 141kph, full and angling in from over the wicket, driven straight to mid-on. Wood tumbled after delivering the ball
10.6
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, turn and bounce, Rahmat has ample time on the back foot to work it to backward square leg
10.5
Moeen Ali to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, wristed with the turn to deep square leg
10.4
Moeen Ali to Gulbadin Naib, no run, allows the ball to spin and goes back in his crease to whip it to long-on. The short mid-wicket fielder dives to his left and makes a good stop
10.3
Moeen Ali to Gulbadin Naib, no run, spins in from a length, Gulbadin Naib watchfully defends
10.2
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, 1 run, flighted ball, fuller in length, dinked to long-on
10.1
Moeen Ali to Rahmat, no run, 89kph, Moeen Ali probably saw the batter come down and shortened his length. Rahmat is nowhere close to the pitch and wears it on the pad
9.6
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, 3 runs, 140kph, back of a length delivery, Rahmat doesn't quite middle his pull shot and it was in the air for a while. Fortunately for the batter, it went well wide of the square leg fielder
9.5
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, 139kph, decks in from a shortish length, Rahmat hops and drops it into the 22-yard strip
9.4
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, good carry-through to the keeper. A length ball at 140kph, Rahmat sees the line (outside off) and shoulders arms
9.3
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, banged in short and Rahmat is happy to duck underneath it
9.2
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, 143kph, Archer goes fuller and Gulbadin Naib once again wants to hoick it over the on-side. Inside-edges onto his pad and the ball dies down adjacent to the pitch. A sharp single taken
9.1
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, no run, pace! Short of a good length ball at 145kph, Gulbadin Naib tries to play a premeditated shot - a big heave by clearing his front leg. End result -- no contact made
8.6
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, touch fuller and Gulbadin Naib opens his bat-face to place it wide of backward point, the ball catches the outside part of the bat and runs away to third man
8.5
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, no run, defended into the off-side
8.4
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, cracking shot! Loads of width on this back of a length delivery, Gulbadin Naib hops and cuts it aerially over vacant point. Quick hands from the skipper there
8.3
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, no run, normal-paced short of length delivery, Gulbadin Naib rides the bounce and drops it into the off-side
8.2
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, another off-pace ball, once again it is leg-lined, Gulbadin Naib spots it early and pulls it square of the man at 45
8.1
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 112kph, slower ball from a back of a length, Gulbadin Naib mistimes the swivel-pull to short fine leg
7.6
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, full and well wide of off, Rahmat gets a good stride forward and finds mid-off with the drive
7.5
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, Archer shortens his length on middle, Rahmat prods across and blocks it back at the bowler
7.4
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, fuller length delivery on off, Rahmat gets inside the line and clips it to mid-on
7.3
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, the bouncer rom Archer, banged in short and well outside off, Rahmat was eay too late on the pull and is beaten
7.2
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, draws a loose drive from Rahmat and beats his outside edge
7.1
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, the slower ball from Archer, Gulbadin Naib shuffles across and works it behind square on the on-side for a single
6.6
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, another slower ball from Woakes, Gulbadin Naib plays with soft hands and the edge rolls down towards third man for a single
6.5
Woakes to Rahmat, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, steered down towards third man for a single
6.4
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Rahmat leans forward and finds mid-off with the drive
6.3
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, on a good length and well wide of off, punched on the up and straight to the fielder at cover
6.2
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, short of a length and just outside off, Gulbadin Naib hops across and pushes it to the off-side for a single
6.2
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, wide, another slower ball from Woakes, but this one is down leg and it's called as a wide
6.1
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, full and angling into the right-hander, the slower ball and Gulbadin Naib was early into the flick, closed the bat-face and the leading edge rolled wide of cover for a couple of runs
5.6
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, lovely delivery, Archer shortened his length and gets this one to climb onto the right-hander, had Rahmat pushing forward from the crease and beat him on the outside edge
5.5
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, the bouncer from Archer, Rahmat ducks under it and lets it go
5.4
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, short of a length and angling into Gulbadin Naib's body, pulled away towards long leg for a single
5.3
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, more runs for Gulbadin Naib, 147 kmph from Archer, but the length was too full, allows Gulbadin Naib to get forward and lift him over mid-off, couple of bounces and over the ropes
5.2
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, SIX, smashed, Gulbadin Naib will go down fighting - length delivery from Archer, right in the hitting zone - Gulbadin Naib clears his front-foot and drills it high and over mid-wicket for a maximum
5.1
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, clubbed, back of a length and at the stumps, Gulbadin Naib clears his front-foot and pulls it over mid-wicket, couple of bounces and over the ropes
4.6
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, tad fuller and well outside off, defended with a straight bat towards the bowler
4.5
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, Woakes shortens his length outside off, Rahmat prods across and pushes it towards cover-point
4.4
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rahmat leans well forward and blocks
4.3
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, chance and Bairstow has dropped it, that's a sitter, on a good length and shaping away late - Rahmat hung his bat out without any conviction - the thick edge flew at a good height to first slip, Bairstow was looking to pouch it around his chest, it hit him and lobbed out - Root made a laste dash from second slip, but the ball bounced in front of him
4.2
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rahmat gets behind the line and defends it back at the bowler
4.1
Woakes to Rahmat, FOUR, cracking shot, short and wide of off, Rahmat stands tall and punches it in front of square on the off-side, past cover and rolled away to the ropes
3.6
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, no run, the bouncer from Archer, Gulbadin Naib is way too late on the pull and is beaten on the top-edge
3.5
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, no run, on a good length and around the fifth stump channel, Gulbadin Naib gets behind the line and blocks
3.4
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, short and angling into Gulbadin Naib's body, he gets inside the line and flaps it behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
3.3
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, pushed to the left of cover for a single
3.2
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, Archer shortens his length and gets it to climb onto the right-hander, Rahmat has a sniff at that as he dropped his gloves and let it go
3.1
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, dabbed off the back-foot to backward point
2.6
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, no run, lovely channel from Woakes, tad fuller and shaping away from outside off, lures Gulbadin Naib into pushing at that and is beaten on the outside edge
2.5
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, no run, that's a proper hack from Woakes, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Gulbadin Naib swung himself accross the line, gets an inside edge onto the boot and rolled back towards the bowler
2.4
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, no run, short of a good length and in that channel outside off, Gulbadin Naib was looking to punch and gets an inside edge back at the bowler
2.3
Woakes to Rahmat, 1 run, Woakes shortens his length outside off, Rahmat gets on his toes and drops it in front of cover-point, responds to his skipper's call and scampers across for a quick single
2.2
Woakes to Rahmat, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Rahmat gets behind the line and pushes it to the off-side
2.1
Woakes to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, short of a good length and well wide of off, punched off the back-foot and wide of cover for a single
1.6
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, fuller length delivery and holding its line outside off, Rahmat covers th line, lifts his bat and lets it go
1.5
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, Archer shortens his length and gets this one to hold its line outside off, Rahmat has a poke at that and then belatedly withdraws his bat
1.4
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, Rahmat jams his bat down and pushes it back at the bowler
1.3
Jofra Archer to Rahmat, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Rahmat didn't get perfectly behind the line but defends it to the on-side
1.2
Jofra Archer to Noor Ali, out Bowled!! Archer has struck with his second ball - a nothing shot from Noor, short of a length and well wide of off - he threw his hands at the ball, the feet didn't move and the inside edge clattered onto the off and middle-stump. Noor hears the sound of timber and simply walks away wkt (1-4) min (8m). Noor Ali b Jofra Archer 0(7)
1.1
Jofra Archer to Gulbadin Naib, 3 runs, nicely played! Gulbadin Naib has promoted himself at the top and he has started on a positive note - a gentle loosener from Archer, full and just outside off, Gulbadin Naib leans forward and drives it past mid-off - the fielder slides near the ropes and drags it back in, saves a run for his team
0.6
Woakes to Noor Ali, no run, short of a length and angling into Zadran's pads, he was looking to nudge and missed, off the thigh-pad and rolled to the on-side
0.5
Woakes to Noor Ali, no run, Woakes keeps it full and just outside off, Zadran gets behind the line and blocks
0.4
Woakes to Noor Ali, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Noor gets a good stride forward on the defensive push
0.3
Woakes to Noor Ali, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, defended with a straight bat
0.3
Woakes to Noor Ali, wide, Woakes shortens his length and angles it down the leg-side, Noor was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
0.2
Woakes to Noor Ali, no run, Noor has been cut-in-half, kept coming back from a length, Noor didn't read it, pushed forward from the crease and is beaten on the inside edge
0.1
Woakes to Noor Ali, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Noor plays away from his body and pushes it to the off-side
Commentary
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Noor Ali,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali, Mujeeb Ur Rahman
Morgan, Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Stokes,James Vince,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root, Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
