49.6
Coulter Nile to Nurse, FOUR, Coulter Nile is trying hard to get the yorker but he misses and Nurse plays a delightful off-drive. West Indies lose agonisingly by 15 runs and this is Australia's 10th successive ODI win
49.5
Coulter Nile to Nurse, FOUR, hat-trick of fours, but the intent had to be there before. Coulter Nile offers a slower ball freebie down the leg-side, Nurse helps it away fine and beats Zampa at mid-off
49.4
Coulter Nile to Nurse, FOUR, that is a lovely cover drive but this is coming all too late. Overpitched delivery outside off stump, Nurse crashes that hard and the man sweeping the off-side fence didn't have a chance
49.3
Coulter Nile to Nurse, FOUR, finally some runs, no point just defending or denying runs. If it's about the net run rate, runs help too. Short delivery on the leg stump, Nurse pulls and sends it to the backward square leg fence
49.2
Coulter Nile to Nurse, no run, short and down the leg-side, Nurse misses the pull, the ball lobs to the keeper off the thigh pad
49.1
Coulter Nile to Nurse, no run, low full toss, Nurse drives but finds mid-off
48.6
Stoinis to Thomas, no run, full and tailing away, Thomas defends
48.5
Stoinis to Nurse, 1 run, pulled away to deep mid-wicket, NCN dived full length and pushed the ball, it kept rolling towards the boundary, a very alert Maxwell cuts across and saves the boundary
48.4
Stoinis to Nurse, no run, full delivery on the stumps, tailed back in a touch, driven back to the bowler
48.3
Stoinis to Nurse, no run, driven along the ground to long-on, but he's running
48.2
Stoinis to Nurse, no run, time for Stoinis to practice those yorkers and he isn't wasting the opportunity. Right at the base of off stump, dug out
48.1
Stoinis to Nurse, no run, that's interesting. Nurse defends a length ball off the back foot
47.6
Starc to Thomas, no run, Thomas bends in time to meet this toe-crusher with the bat
47.5
Starc to Thomas, no run, aah! Nothing better than seeing a tailender play a solid front foot defence to a bowler who's swinging it at pace. But West Indies won't enjoy this
47.4
Starc to Thomas, no run, oh he almost smashed the boot there. Inswinging yorker to the left-hander, thankfully, yes thankfully Thomas moved his back foot out of the way. That could easily have been a broken toe
47.3
Starc to Cottrell, out Bowled!! It's a fifer. It's a sin to move away to Starc when he's reverse-swinging it away from you. Cottrell would have understood now. He wanted to smash that over cover, but what's the point of making room when the ball is already leaving you. All the poles dance round, while the LEDs flash wkt (9-256) min (7m). Cottrell b Starc 1(2)
47.2
Starc to Nurse, leg byes, 1 run, this is aimed at the legs, Nurse can't get bat on ball, going down for LBW
47.1
Starc to Nurse, no run, full toss swinging away outside off stump, Nurse swings, makes no contact
46.6
Stoinis to Nurse, 1 run, Nurse drives it towards mid-on and keeps strike
46.5
Stoinis to Cottrell, 1 run, fullish and on the stumps, Cottrell squeezes it out off the inner half of the bat to fine leg
46.4
Stoinis to Nurse, 1 run, full toss, hit on the pad, appeal for LBW, not given and no review. There was an inside. They sneak a run as the ball rolls to cover-point
46.3
Stoinis to Nurse, no run, came down the track and tried to swing hard, missed it completely
46.2
Stoinis to Nurse, no run, short delivery, Nurse ducks under it
46.1
Stoinis to Nurse, no run, nice yorker from Stoinis, Nurse couldn't get bat on ball, almost lost the off stump
45.6
Starc to Holder, out Caught by Zampa!! Mitch Starc, you beauty! He's almost closed the game in one over by getting two dangerous players. Bowls the pacy short ball and surprises Holder, who was looking for the yorker or the slower ball. Holder hurriedly tried to swivel-pull and gloved it. Short fine leg was perfectly positioned to swallow the ball wkt (8-252) min (83m). Holder c Zampa b Starc 51(57) [4s-7 6s-1]
45.5
Starc to Holder, no run, there's the slower ball full toss again, luckily for Holder it was outside off stump, he missed that totally
45.4
Starc to Holder, no run, the yorker now, Holder manages to get the bottom of the bat on that
45.3
Starc to Brathwaite, out Caught by Finch!! This is in the air and it's not going the distance. Finch runs back from mid-on and takes the catch. This is a clever bit of bowling from Starc. Batsmen were trying to see him off, so he had to do something different. So he lured Brathwaite with a full toss, but he rolled his fingers across and disguised it. Brathwaite thought it was a freebie hit me for six ball and lofted it high. A mistime and he holed out. Lovely catch by captain Finch too. Brathwaite throws his head back in disappointment before walking back wkt (7-252) min (31m). Brathwaite c Finch b Starc 16(17) [4s-1 6s-1]
45.2
Starc to Brathwaite, no run, and Brathwaite too. Not rash shots yet. Away-swinging length delivery, carefully defended to backward point
45.1
Starc to Holder, 1 run, this is so good to see. Unlike Russell, who tried to slog an away-swing ball to the on-side, Holder plays with an open bat face and defends with soft hands to cover-point. Knows he needs to play out Starc
44.6
Pat Cummins to Holder, leg byes, 1 run, Holder offers no shot as he tries to duck and the ball rolls to fine leg off the arm, leg byes signalled
44.5
Pat Cummins to Holder, no run, look at the bounce on this short delivery, Holder fends, not controlled, pops uppishly towards the vacant silly-point region
44.4
Pat Cummins to Holder, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Holder defends
44.3
Pat Cummins to Brathwaite, 1 run, smashed to mid-on, oh what are they doing. Big mix-up, easy run but Holder was standing in the middle for some reason, by the time Cummins collected the throw and fired it to Carey, Holder was home
44.2
Pat Cummins to Brathwaite, 2 runs, in the airrr, just clears mid-on. Brathwaite looking for the pull to this short ball, but mistimed it completely
44.1
Pat Cummins to Brathwaite, FOUR, this is a flat-batted hit and he clears the mid-off fielder. Short but not rising that high, Brathwaite managed to hold a good base and find the fence
43.6
Coulter Nile to Brathwaite, 1 run, guided away to third man, picked the slower delivery on that occasion
43.5
Coulter Nile to Brathwaite, SIX, oh my word! Look at that ball travel and what sound the bat made when he made contact with the ball. Short delivery outside off stump, it's got to be really quick to force this guy into an uncomfortable position. Absolutely nailed the pull shot over mid-wicket
43.4
Coulter Nile to Holder, 1 run, pulled in the air, protection in the deep at mid-wicket. Fifty from Holder, 9th in ODIs. This is probably the most important fifty yet in his career
43.3
Coulter Nile to Holder, no run, another swing and miss, pressure adds on with dots
43.2
Coulter Nile to Holder, 2 runs, this is nicely guided away behind backward point for a couple of runs
43.1
Coulter Nile to Holder, no run, shortish delivery outside off stump, Holder pulls and misses
42.6
Pat Cummins to Brathwaite, no run, nasty delivery! Every bit of that tall figure helped Brathwaite to keep this out. Rose steeply from the pitch and a surprised Brathwaite wore that on the glove
42.5
Pat Cummins to Brathwaite, no run, oh he wanted to flick the ball leg-side, but he ended up slicing it to mid-off. This full delivery was heading to the sticks and it's a clever ball from Cummins because the batsman was expecting a short ball with the man pushed to the mid-wicket fence
42.4
Pat Cummins to Brathwaite, no run, swing and a miss. Pressure on Brathwaite. Width on offer outside off stump, Brathwaite slashed and made no contact
42.3
Pat Cummins to Brathwaite, no run, gets the rising delivery, Brathwaite hops and defends to backward point
42.2
Pat Cummins to Holder, 1 run, shortish delivery on the leg stump, Holder pulls it to deep backward square leg
42.1
Pat Cummins to Holder, no run, oh inside edge onto back leg and luckily it didn't roll back. The captain is fighting hard. Short of a length delivery just around off stump, Holder failed to defend properly and got away with it
41.6
Coulter Nile to Brathwaite, no run, goes wide of the crease and angles it in closer to off-stump, Brathwaite ekes an inside edge onto pad. 'Getting his eye in' reckons my colleague Varun Dixit
41.5
Coulter Nile to Brathwaite, no run, good length on fifth stump channels, Brathwaite taps hurriedly into the off-side
41.4
Coulter Nile to Holder, 1 run, throws everything at a full delivery and the outside edge flies fine of third man
41.3
Coulter Nile to Brathwaite, 1 run, manages to post this wide of point and he can breathe a sigh of relief
41.2
Coulter Nile to Brathwaite, no run, tries to flat bat Coulter Nile but the extra pace on that ensues a miscue. Off the splice and evades the leaping bowler to his right
41.1
Coulter Nile to Brathwaite, no run, back of a length angling in on the stumps, Brathwaite gets an inside edge onto pad which rolls away to the left of the keeper
40.6
Zampa to Holder, no run, forward and blocked
40.5
Zampa to Holder, FOUR, the edges will help! Draws Holder forward with a loopy legbreak and there's no-one to pouch the outside edge. A lazy poke from the Windies skipper, and the ball flew off the edge....
40.4
Zampa to Holder, no run, goes back and drives the full ball to cover
40.3
Zampa to Holder, no run, very full outside off, Holder squeezes it into the off-side
40.2
Zampa to Holder, FOUR, overpitches and Holder's clubbed that through extra cover. Brute power off the bottom hand
40.1
Zampa to Brathwaite, 1 run, googly on leg-stump, Brathwaite may have picked it late, but manages to chip the drive wide of mid-wicket
39.6
Coulter Nile to Holder, no run, full and shaping away outside off, Holder looks to guide it down to third man but can't lay bat on that
39.5
Coulter Nile to Holder, FOUR, touch short and that's been smashed away in the gap. Holder clears his front leg and powers the pull over mid-wicket
39.4
Coulter Nile to Holder, no run, back of a length on off-stump, punched into the off-side
39.3
Coulter Nile to Holder, no run, full on the stumps, drives but can't get it past mid-on
39.2
Coulter Nile to Holder, no run, short and zips off the pitch around middle and leg, Holder gets hurried by the pace and splices the defence to short mid-wicket
39.1
Coulter Nile to Holder, no run, full and wide, Holder seeks to clobber it through covers, close but no cigar!
38.6
Starc to Holder, 1 run, back of a length around the hip, tucked away into the mid-wicket pocket
38.5
Starc to A Russell, out Caught by Maxwell!! Mitch Starc is the man. Chris Gayle - check! Andre Russell - check! He's done his job. 'Not using your brains' is one of the many fuming comments Michael Holding just unveiled in the comm box. and one can totally relate to that. No pressure on Russell to go for a big shot, definitely not against Mitch Starc. Slogs across the line against a pacy full delivery and ended up slicing - off the toe-end - it high into the air over backward point. Maxwell charges back from that position and pouches it safely. That's a terrific catch. He had to cover a lot of ground and was running back, took it over his right shoulder and used his body as a shield to pouch the ball wkt (6-216) min (19m). A Russell c Maxwell b Starc 15(11) [4s-2 6s-1]
38.4
Starc to A Russell, FOUR, bring it on says Dre Russ. 147ks pitched up on the stumps, Russell clears his front leg and hammers the drive wide of mid-off
38.3
Starc to A Russell, leg byes, 2 runs, 132ks tails it into the hip from a good length, Russell's late on the flick and the ball flies to the right of fine leg off the thigh pad
38.2
Starc to A Russell, no run, 136ks bumper on the stumps, Russell tries to pull but can't get anywhere near it
38.1
Starc to A Russell, no run, 143ks full and angling away outside off, Russell clears his front leg and looks to swing it over mid-off. No dice
37.6
Zampa to A Russell, 1 run, too full on leg stump, Russell muscles the drive to the left of long-on
37.5
Zampa to A Russell, no run, low full toss on leg stump, pushed back to the bowler
37.4
Zampa to A Russell, FOUR, lures Dre Russ with loads of flight and it's been dispatched dead straight for a near maximum. Bounces inches (literally) inside the boundary hoardings
37.3
Zampa to A Russell, no run, attacks the stumps with a full toss up, Russell jams it down the pitch
37.2
Zampa to A Russell, SIX, Dre Russ has arrived! Fasten your seatbelts folks... doesn't matter if it's flat, loopy, toss up when Russell decides to go down and launch Zampa out of the ground over mid-wicket, 1000 ODI runs for him
37.1
Zampa to Holder, 1 run, full and fast outside off, Holder thrashes the drive along the drive to deep cover
36.6
Starc to Holder, 1 run, touch fuller around off-stump, Holder drives with a straight bat and gets it past the non-striker (towards long-off)
36.5
Starc to Holder, no run, bumper again, Holder ducks under it
36.4
Starc to Holder, SIX, gets hurried by the pace of this short ball but Holder doesn't back out; goes for the hook and gets a thick top-edge which lands well over the sprinting fielder at fine leg
36.3
Starc to Holder, no run, full and luring Holder into a drive, done for pace
36.2
Starc to Holder, no run, this one nips away slightly from a good length and Holder's drawn into a poke outside off, beaten
36.1
Starc to Holder, no run, good length on off-stump, Holder blocks it under his eyes
35.6
Zampa to A Russell, no run, blocked off the back foot
35.5
Zampa to Holder, 1 run, drags the full ball through square leg
35.4
Zampa to Holder, no run, full on off, defended off the front foot
35.3
Zampa to Holder, no run, 'this has been an atrocious bit of umpiring by both (the umpires)' Michael Holding is absolutely fuming in the comm box and he has every reason to be disappointed in the umpiring. Poor call by umpire Ruchira Palliyaguruge. Second time his verdict has been overturned, by quite a telling margin mind you. Quicker legbreak, pitches on leg stump and drifts away to hit Holder around the knee roll as he misses the sweep, the umpire took his time and raised his finger. Holder went up straightaway....
35.2
Zampa to Holder, no run, slightly short outside off, cut to cover
35.1
Zampa to Holder, no run, full on off, driven into the off-side
34.6
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, out Caught by Khawaja!! Shai Hope doesn't want to leave. He is still inspecting the pitch, willow, field. Well, he can do that at his own pace when he returns to the dressing room. The pressure of building dots is working wonders in this World Cup. Doesn't matter if you are a power hitter or a classy batsman like Shai Hope. He tries to get something out of this full delivery that dipped around his toes, offers hard hands in the process and offers a catching practice to the fielder at mid-on. Just jabbed at it and wanted to get it square. Not to be. The Windies fans are distraught wkt (5-190) min (141m). Shai Hope c Khawaja b Pat Cummins 68(105) [4s-7]
34.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, goes wide of the crease and bowls it full just outside off, push-driven to mid-off
34.4
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, 131ks on and around off-stump, Hope gets on his tippy toes and punches to cover
34.3
Pat Cummins to Holder, 1 run, the rib-tickler at 136ks, Holder drops it at his feet and scampers across for a quick single
34.2
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, 1 run, 134ks ample width outside off stump, Hope neatly runs it down to third man
34.1
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, good length on off-stump, punched to mid-off
33.6
Maxwell to Holder, no run, tossed up full on off, Holder's check drive has been intercepted by cover
33.5
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 1 run, touch quicker outside off, Hope jumps on the back foot and cuts through cover
33.4
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, short outside off, Hope clears his front leg and slams it straight to the fielder at mid-off
33.3
Maxwell to Holder, 1 run, very full on off-stump, Holder biffs the on-drive wide of long-on
33.2
Maxwell to Holder, FOUR, too full. Thanks for coming says the West Indies skipper as he belts the drive through covers
33.1
Maxwell to Holder, FOUR, no spin from Maxi. Just throws it flat wide of off-stump, Holder throws the kitchen sink and the outside edge flies away through the vacant slip region
32.6
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, looks to repeat the dose does Shai Hope but Cummins got this to rise sharply and manages to defeat the top-edge
32.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, FOUR, smart cricket from Shai Hope! He knows he ain't getting any room outside off and therefore, shuffles past his off-stump and pulls the length delivery fine of fine leg. A diving effort from the fielder, but no dice
32.4
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, tightens his channel on off-stump, no room for Hope and he blunts it back to the bowler
32.3
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, hits the good length and gets the ball to seam in late, Hope fiddles at it and is beaten by a mile
32.2
Pat Cummins to Holder, 1 run, 137ks lifter around the chest, Holder swivels and pulls to the left of deep square, gone on the bounce to Starc
32.1
Pat Cummins to Holder, no run, 140ks fullish length outside off, Holder looks to drive with a straight bat but the extra zip off the surface means he could only inside edge the stroke into the leg-side
31.6
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 2 runs, full and down the leg-side, Hope uses the pace to paddle it straight of fine leg
31.5
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 2 runs, 91ks width outside off, Hope jumps back and clatters it through covers
31.4
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, manoeuvred with soft hands into the leg-side
31.3
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, keeps it around fifth stump channel, Hope looks for a back foot cut and instead chops it off the under edge into the off-side
31.2
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, flat on off-stump, forced back to the bowler
31.1
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 2 runs, fires it fast and flat outside off, Hope goes deep inside the crease and flays it behind point for a duo of runs
30.6
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, 1 run, 138ks back of a length outside off, guided down to third man
30.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, slower ball outside off, Hope shuffles across and splices the defence into the off-side
30.4
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, short of length outside off at 132ks, Hope looks for a one-legged pull-flick and ekes out an inside edge onto the ground
30.3
Pat Cummins to Holder, 1 run, gets it a little too straight and its been glanced down to fine leg for a single
30.2
Pat Cummins to Holder, FOUR, 137ks bangs it into the body, but Holder's such a steepling figure he casually whips it off his hip and it nearly goes all the way over mid-wicket
30.1
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, 1 run, 132ks back of a length on off-stump, Hope taps with soft hands wide of backward point
29.6
Maxwell to Holder, no run, flighted outside off, driven to mid-off
29.5
Maxwell to Holder, no run, it looked dead, but pitching was the only point of concern. Holder was frustrated with a string of dots and plays all around an offbreak, gets beaten on the inside edge and only if it had pitched in line. Wasn't to be
29.4
Maxwell to Holder, no run, continues to attack the stumps, once again Holder fails to beat the man at mid-wicket
29.3
Maxwell to Holder, no run, blocked off the inside half to the right of mid-wicket
29.2
Maxwell to Holder, no run, slider on off-stump, nurdled to the right of the bowler
29.1
Maxwell to Holder, no run, flat and fast on the stumps, Holder turns it into the on-side with soft hands
28.6
Zampa to Holder, 1 run, low full toss around off, knocked down to long-on for a strike-retaining single
28.5
Zampa to Shai Hope, 1 run, quicker outside off, Hope makes room and drills the drive through extra cover
28.4
Zampa to Shai Hope, 2 runs, too full and Hope biffs it to the left of long-on where a diving Khawaja does well to prevent the boundary
28.3
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, quicker around off, Hope gets across and bunts into the off-side
28.2
Zampa to Holder, 1 run, tosses it full around off, punchy drive through covers from the West Indies skipper
28.1
Zampa to Holder, FOUR, flat legbreak outside off, Holder had enough time to rock back and slap it behind point. In the gap and no-one's stopping that
27.6
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, punched back to the bowler
27.5
Maxwell to Holder, 1 run, fuller outside off, Holder opens the bat face and pushes the drive square on the off-side
27.4
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 1 run, flatter outside off, Hope hangs back and punches a single to long-on
27.3
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, full on the stumps, driven back to the bowler
27.2
Maxwell to Shai Hope, out Hetmyer Run Out!! Australia find a way, they always do. Just when things started to brighten up, the adrenaline rush of a young Hetmyer cost Windies a crucial wicket. Hope punched this off the back foot to the right of mid-on, he had his eyes on the field and gave no real hint of nabbing a quick single, just a shuffly movement after completing the shot; but his partner looked in some rush to sprint to the other end. No chance. The throw from Cummins was sharp and accurate, Maxwell completes the formalities. Hetmyer wasn't even in the frame wkt (4-149) min (31m). Hetmyer run out (Cummins/Maxwell) 21(28) [4s-3]
27.1
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, tosses it up around leg-stump, wristed gently to mid-wicket
26.6
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, first World Cup fifty for Shai Hope! Gets there with a solid pull shot through mid-wicket. Was very slow to get off the blocks, but he seems to have found some momentum which is what the Windies desperatly need. Game on!
26.5
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 2 runs, pulled away through mid-wicket, easy two
26.4
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, no run, bumper outside off, Hope doesn't bother with it
26.3
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, FOUR, that's the class of this man. Shai Hope - Remember the name! Transfers his weight onto the front foot effortlessly and unleashes the top hand elegance through an off-drive wide of extra cover. Save your legs...
26.2
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, FOUR, that's a gimme from NCN. Sits up nicely on the pads and Shai Hope helps it away to the fine leg fence to move into the 40s
26.1
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, no run, short and around the hip, Hope pulls and finds mid-wicket
25.6
Zampa to Hetmyer, FOUR, floaty and almost teasing Hetmyer to go for a big shot. Hetmyer obliges and despite an awkward slide, he manages to pummel that through the square leg region. Sheer power!
25.5
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, another googly and Hetmyer's beaten all ends up. Very similar to the third delivery of the over
25.4
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, loopy and full on off, Hetmyer jams the drive back to the bowler with a hurried front foot shuffle
25.3
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, bowls the wrong 'un and beats Hetmyer on the outside edge. Just a casual forward stride from Hetmyer and he had no clue about the variation
25.2
Zampa to Shai Hope, 1 run, keeps it full outside off does Zampa, Hope manages to pierce the gap on the off-side with a flashy drive
25.1
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, stays low and swats the legbreak towards mid-on, no timing on that
24.6
Coulter Nile to Hetmyer, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, stays leg-side of it and blocks down the pitch
24.5
Coulter Nile to Hetmyer, FOUR, he has tackled the short ball really well so far. Like he had done off Starc, he pulls this well in front of square to beat the man in the deep
24.4
Coulter Nile to Hetmyer, no run, back of a length on leg, skids through onto the flap of the pad as Hetmyer plays across it. Had pitched outside leg
24.3
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, another one dug in short, Hope looking more and more convincing with his pull shots. All along the floor to deep square leg
24.2
Coulter Nile to Hetmyer, 1 run, short ball around the shoulders, Hetmyer's in control of the pull through square leg
24.1
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, driven nicely off the back foot square of the wicket
23.6
Zampa to Shai Hope, 1 run, another drag-down from Zampa who gets away with it this time, pulled to NCN at long-on
23.5
Zampa to Shai Hope, FOUR, poor all-round from Australia, first with Zampa's rank half-tracker and then with a sloppy effort from NCN as he slides past the ball at long-on. Hope's pull itself was uppish, but he got it just wide enough of the midwicket fielder
23.4
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, an appeal for leg-before, but there's a clear inside edge from Hope on his forward defence
23.3
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, flighted up outside off, driven to extra cover
23.2
Zampa to Shai Hope, FOUR, high full toss outside off, slipped out of the fingers, and no slip-up from Hope as he shovels it backward of square. No one protecting the boundary there
23.1
Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run, punches this off the back foot to long-on
22.6
Starc to Hetmyer, 1 run, low full toss on off, flicked through backward square
22.5
Starc to Hetmyer, no run, short ball outside off, more a dab than a cut from Hetmyer as he guides it to backward point
22.4
Starc to Hetmyer, no run, pitched up around off, driven to mid-off
22.3
Starc to Hetmyer, FOUR, in position quickly for the short ball, sends Starc a message as he pulls it well in front of square
22.2
Starc to Hetmyer, no run, full ball outside off, 138kph, Hetmyer's front leg is moving towards the leg-side so he's in no position to attempt a cover-drive. Lets it go
22.1
Starc to Hetmyer, no run, length ball on middle and leg, clipped to short midwicket
21.6
Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run, flatter trajectory, Hetmyer punches down to long-on
21.5
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, length ball on middle, Hetmyer plays it softly off the back foot
21.4
Zampa to Hetmyer, 2 runs, overpitched outside off, drilled through extra cover. Easy two while the sweeper runs around
21.3
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, has the googly lined up in defence
21.2
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, short ball outside off, Hetmyer cuts to point
21.1
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, big stride forward in defence from Hetmyer
20.6
Starc to Shai Hope, no run, short of length at the chest, Hope fends it safely down the pitch. Handling it a bit better now
20.5
Starc to Shai Hope, no run, length ball on leg, works it to midwicket
20.5
Starc to Shai Hope, wide, wild short ball down leg, Hope turns around and watches Carey fly to collect
20.4
Starc to Hetmyer, 1 run, short of length at the body, fended behind square leg
20.3
Starc to Hetmyer, no run, drops down to the floor to evade a sizzling short ball. Did well there, Hetmyer
20.2
Starc to Hetmyer, leg byes, 4, again, the execution lets him down as he slips down leg. Too quick for Hetmyer anyway, but a fine deflection of his pad takes it to the boundary
20.1
Starc to Hetmyer, no run, full toss on off stump. Blocked to cover. The execution wasn't spot on, but you can see what Starc's going to aim for here. Full and straight at the left-hander
19.6
Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run, driven to long-off
19.5
Zampa to Hetmyer, no run, beaten by the googly! It snaked across off with Hetmyer coming tentatively forward and poking hesitantly unsure of which way it was going
19.4
Zampa to Shai Hope, 1 run, didn't get up enough for Hope to nail the pull, mistimed to deep square leg
19.3
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, slips in the googly on middle and leg, Hope picks it and glances it to short fine leg
19.2
Zampa to Hetmyer, 1 run, turning in slightly on middle, Hetmyer watches it off the back foot and turns it through square leg
19.1
Zampa to Pooran, out Caught by Finch!! Finch goes one-handed, leaps full stretch at backward point, and makes a brilliant grab! It's the dangerous Pooran who has to make his way back. Wanted to smoke this flighted leg-break down the ground, but his bat-face opened up on impact, and the slice was pounced upon by the Australian captain to lift his team wkt (3-99) min (59m). Pooran c Finch b Zampa 40(36) [4s-5 6s-1]
18.6
Stoinis to Shai Hope, FOUR, much easier to negotiate with these short balls when it's Stoinis bowling them. He's able to get on top of the bounce, swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls into the long leg boundary
18.5
Stoinis to Pooran, 1 run, back of a length on leg, glanced backward of square
18.4
Stoinis to Pooran, no run, short of length at the body, tucks it to square leg
18.3
Stoinis to Shai Hope, 1 run, short of length on middle, swivels across and whips it to fine leg
18.2
Stoinis to Shai Hope, no run, low full toss outside off, knocks it to mid-off. Clear indicator that he still doesn't feel in
18.1
Stoinis to Shai Hope, no run, pitched up on off, mistimed drive to mid-on by Hope
17.6
Zampa to Shai Hope, 1 run, loopy full toss on off, driven to long-off
17.5
Zampa to Shai Hope, FOUR, having judged length to be short, Hope jumps back in the crease and slaps it through extra cover. Top shot
17.4
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, length ball with not much spin on middle, Hope defends
17.3
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, loopy ball that ends up in the blockhole on leg, squeezed out
17.2
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, thrown up in the air wide of off, Hope - as desired by Zampa - reaches out on the drive and mistimes it to cover
17.1
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, drifting in on middle and leg, comes off the inside half as Hope defends
16.6
Stoinis to Pooran, no run, short ball on leg stump, Pooran ducks underneath
16.5
Stoinis to Shai Hope, 1 run, short ball on off, not enough pace to trouble Hope at 129kph, pulled to deep square leg
16.4
Stoinis to Pooran, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, steers through point
16.3
Stoinis to Pooran, no run, back of a length on off, blunted
16.2
Stoinis to Pooran, SIX, top-edge flies for six. Pooran in no control as he takes on the short ball which got too big on him. Effort ball from Stoinis this
16.1
Stoinis to Pooran, no run, length ball on middle, Pooran defends down the pitch
15.6
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, played with the turn to cover
15.5
Zampa to Shai Hope, no run, length ball turning away from off, Hope chops it off a thick under-edge over the stumps. Wanted to flat-bat it through the covers, too eager to make the most of the opportunities that the spinners present, with pace proving to be too uncomfortable
15.4
Zampa to Pooran, 1 run, tough chance put down by Maxwell! Was absolutely drilled by Pooran who went after this overpitched delivery. Went screaming to the right of cover where Maxwell flew across to get a hand on it. Didn't stick
15.3
Zampa to Pooran, no run, driven back firmly to Zampa, who - intentionally or unintentionally - deflects it onto the stumps. Hope was back in time though
15.2
Zampa to Pooran, no run, looped up outside off, drops in the blockhole and sneaks through to the keeper
15.1
Zampa to Shai Hope, leg byes, 1 run, drifting in on leg, deflects off Hope's pad as he misses out on the flick
14.6
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, short around the shoulders, Hope pulls crisply to square leg. Was struck sweetly enough to cause a misfield, which is me giving the fielder some slack
14.5
Coulter Nile to Pooran, 1 run, back of a length delivery in the channel, Pooran punches to deep point
14.4
Coulter Nile to Pooran, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, false shot from Pooran. Got slightly carried away in trying to pull. The line wasn't there, nor was the length. Beaten!
14.3
Coulter Nile to Pooran, no run, off the thigh pad to Carey who makes a good diving stop
14.2
Coulter Nile to Pooran, no run, full across off, cut his fingers across that, Pooran pushes to short cover
14.1
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, length ball just outside off, eased through the covers
13.6
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 1 run, back of a length on leg stump, Hope steps away and cuts to sweeper cover
13.5
Maxwell to Pooran, 1 run, length ball turning away outside off, driven off the back foot to deep point
13.4
Maxwell to Pooran, no run, drifting in on off, driven to short cover
13.3
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 1 run, flat on middle, Hope makes a bit of room and punches to mid-off
13.2
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, sliding through towards middle, Hope tucks it to square leg
13.1
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, struck on the pad while looking to paddle-sweep, had pitched outside leg from Maxwell who's bowling round the wicket
12.6
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, now gets on top of the bounce to pull this to long leg
12.5
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, no run, tries to take on the bouncer, but it whistles over his top-edge on the hook. Every ball is a battle
12.4
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, steered to backward point
12.3
Coulter Nile to Pooran, 1 run, short of length delivery on off, punched through to deep point
12.2
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, thick top-edge on the pull from Hope who's late on this short ball. Falls safely in front of fine leg. He's getting a barrage here
12.1
Coulter Nile to Pooran, 1 run, length ball on leg stump, nudged wide of midwicket
11.6
Maxwell to Shai Hope, no run, went back to cut and got hold of it nicely, but finds cover
11.5
Maxwell to Pooran, 1 run, skidding through from back of a length, Pooran punches it through the covers
11.4
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 1 run, clipped off the pads through midwicket
11.3
Maxwell to Pooran, 3 runs, Maxwell overcompensates in length and is now driven through extra cover. He's looked superb in the time that he's been out there
11.2
Maxwell to Pooran, FOUR, short enough for Pooran to camp back in the crease, opening up the off-side for himself. Slaps it through backward point
11.1
Maxwell to Shai Hope, 1 run, works it off the pads through square leg
10.6
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, 1 run, nasty short ball which pops up off the bat-shoulder, but runs past slip. Hope continues to be troubled
10.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, short of length delivery outside off, dabbed to backward point
10.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, wide, short of length delivery down leg, Hope lets it go
10.4
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, jumps up in the crease to negotiate the short ball, and again, very dodgily fends it back with his eyes not looking at the ball
10.3
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, he's a cat on a hot tin roof here. The way he's handled the short ball, he's going to be absolutely peppered with more of the same. Short of length, not convincing at all while trying to pull. Hit on the midriff
10.3
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, wide, too short from Cummins with this bouncer, Hope ducks
10.3
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, wide, not looking very comfortable. Short of length down leg, Hope with a belated decision to pull when the ball had already gone past him
10.2
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, fended to point
10.1
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, this one achieves greater height than what Hope anticipated. He's on his toes to fend it off, but is surprised by the bounce. Flinches back, takes his eyes off and bunts it off the splice
9.6
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, didn't look very composed this time. The leading edge flies past slip down to third man. Wants to pick a ball from outside off into the on-side, and almost pays for his adventure
9.5
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 2 runs, neatly clipped through midwicket. Hope looking composed on his back foot as he rolls his wrists on it
9.4
Coulter Nile to Pooran, 1 run, short of length at the chest, Pooran seems to have plenty of time on hand as he pulls to deep square leg
9.3
Coulter Nile to Pooran, no run, back of a length on leg stump, nudged to midwicket
9.2
Coulter Nile to Pooran, no run, climbed onto Pooran as he tried dabbing it down to third man. He dangerously chops it past off stump towards the keeper
9.1
Coulter Nile to Pooran, no run, full ball on middle, Pooran knocks it to mid-off
8.6
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, yorker length delivery just outside off, squeezed to point
8.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, banged in short, Hope ducks underneath it comfortably
8.4
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, back of a length on middle, clips it to square leg
8.3
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, the consequences of a bad shot are felt immediately by Shai Hope, who's been struck on the box. Ouch. Back of a length on off, looks to mow it over the on-side but drags it back off a thick inside edge
8.2
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, shuffles across and clips this to square leg
8.1
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, fraction fuller than a length, 138kph, punched to mid-on by Hope
7.6
Coulter Nile to Pooran, FOUR, and again... Coulter Nile tested him with a bumper again and Pooran came out with flying colours again. Gets in a good position, keeps his shape and pummels it over mid-wicket for a four
7.5
Coulter Nile to Pooran, FOUR, that's an incredible pull shot. He looks in his elements. It was not that short, Pooran identifies the length early, gets in a fabulous position and thumps it over mid-wicket for a boundary
7.4
Coulter Nile to Pooran, no run, not the length to pull, Pooran attempts it and ends up mistiming it to mid-on
7.3
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Shai Hope jumps in the crease and works it wide of mid-on for a single
7.2
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, no run, Coulter Nile drags his length back just a touch, Shai Hope rocks back and punches it handsomely, finds cover
7.1
Coulter Nile to Shai Hope, no run, good-looking drive from Shai Hope but he will find the fielder
6.6
Starc to Pooran, no run, another fuller length delivery on the stumps, Pooran drives it straight to mid-off
6.5
Starc to Pooran, no run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Pooran hops in the crease a touch and pushes it to backward point
6.4
Starc to Pooran, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Pooran gets behind it and defends it to cover
6.3
Starc to Pooran, FOUR, streaky but Pooran will take it. Another very full delivery, it was on the stumps again. Pooran was looking for a cover drive again, it clipped the inside half of the bat and went wide of mid-wicket for a boundary
6.2
Starc to Pooran, 2 runs, on a fuller length and targeting the stumps, Pooran uses his wrists to whip it wide of mid-on, decent timing on it but it will be stopped inside the ropes. Pooran will have to be content for a brace
6.1
Starc to Pooran, FOUR, that will give him confidence. It was on a fuller length and was wide of off, Pooran stays put and drives it wide of cover with a lot of elegance and class. It beats cover and races to the fence in a flash
5.6
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, on a good length and around off, Shai Hope gets behind it and taps it to the off-side
5.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, bumper on his face, Shai Hope gets himself away from the line and left it alone
5.4
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, now the fuller length delivery, it jagged back in, Shai Hope came forward and pushes it back to mid-off
5.3
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, short of length delivery down the leg-side, Shai Hope sat under it and let it go
5.2
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Shai Hope plunges forward and pushes it to cover
5.1
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Shai Hope plunges forward and defends it back
4.6
Starc to Pooran, no run, defends it to the off-side
4.5
Starc to Gayle, out Lbw!! Gayle has been given out by umpire Chris Gaffaney again. Gayle gave him a proper stare before going for the review last time. He did consult Hope before showing the 'T' sign. The impact is in line and it is smashing the outside of leg-stump. Gayle will have to walk back. It was always on the cards, he was looking all at sea against Starc. This one nips back in sharply off the good length, Gayle failed to counter the late movement. It missed his inside edge and rapped him on the back pad. It looked adjacent and the umpire raised his finger. Review didn't save him this time. But he would consider himself unlucky as it was umpire's call. And decision could have easily gone either way wkt (2-31) min (10m). Gayle lbw b Starc 21(17) [4s-4]
4.4
Starc to Gayle, 2 runs, That was a sensational yorker from Starc. The speed meter showed 152kph. Gayle got his bat down just in time and digs it out to deep backward square for a brace
4.3
Starc to Shai Hope, 1 run, fuller and angling back into Shai Hope, it ends up on his pads and he flicks it to fine leg for a single
4.3
Starc to Shai Hope, wide, errs in line, it was way down the leg-side. Wide called!
4.2
Starc to Shai Hope, no run, fuller and around off, Shai Hope pushes it back, straight to mid-on
4.1
Starc to Shai Hope, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Shai Hope works it to the on-side, finds square leg
3.6
Pat Cummins to Gayle, FOUR, length delivery wide of off, Gayle stands tall, gets on top of the bounce and smokes it wide of deep mid-wicket for a four. Great comeback by the southpaw!
3.5
Pat Cummins to Gayle, 2 runs, in the air, just over mid-on. On a good length and wide of off, Gayle miscues the lofted shot this time. But he gets enough bat on it to clear mid-on and he will collect a brace before Finch hunts it down
3.4
Pat Cummins to Gayle, FOUR, back to back fours for Gayle. Some statement from the Universe Boss. It was angling across Gayle, he clears his leg and whacks it wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
3.3
Pat Cummins to Gayle, FOUR, smashed! On a fuller length and on the stumps, Gayle comes forward and tonks it down the ground for a boundary. It rockets to the fence
3.2
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Shai Hope flicks it to fine leg
3.1
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Shai Hope blocks it back
2.6
Starc to Gayle, no run, Gayle has been given out again, he has reviewed it again. And he has been proved right again. It's all happening at the Bridge! Starc nails the yorker this time and Gayle was taken aback by how rapidly it came to him. He failed to get his bat down and it rapped him on the pads. But it was clearly missing leg. The ball tracking justified Gayle as it showed impact was outside leg. Umpire Chris Gaffaney being put under some serious pressure, Gayle even gave him the stare before signalling for the review
2.6
Starc to Gayle, wide, this was well wide of off, wide called. A marginal call and it has gone against Starc
2.5
Starc to Gayle, no run, Gayle has been given out and he has gone for the review straightaway. He has been proved right as there is no edge involved. In fact, it kissed the stumps. But the bails didn't move again. Could you believe it? It came back in off the deck, Gayle went for a hoick. He missed it but Australians thought otherwise
2.4
Starc to Gayle, FOUR, that was an absolute snorter! Starc pounds it on a short of length and it jumped off the deck, Gayle failed to counter the extra bounce. It hits his top-edge and luckily for Gayle it went over the head of the keeper for a boundary
2.3
Starc to Gayle, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Gayle went for a pull, missed it
2.2
Starc to Gayle, no run, in the air, just short of cover. On a back of a length and wide of off, Gayle went after it, failed to time it as well as he would have liked and it landed in no man's land
2.1
Starc to Gayle, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Gayle blocks it back
1.6
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, wicket maiden from Pat Cummins! And how did that miss the stump? It was on a good length and was on the stumps, Shai Hope hopped in the crease. He failed to adjust to the low bounce, it went under his bat and just past the stumps. Shai Hope will consider himself extremely lucky!
1.5
Pat Cummins to Shai Hope, no run, on a fuller length and it was down the leg-side, Shai Hope flicks well but finds square leg
1.4
Pat Cummins to Lewis, out Caught by Smith!! That's edged and taken! Beautiful bowling from Pat Cummins. In that area just wide of off, Lewis went for a drive wide of off without much feet movement, it moved away off the deck, clipped his outside edge and Steve Smith takes a fine catch at second slip. Exactly the start Australia were looking for wkt (1-7) min (29m). Lewis c Smith b Pat Cummins 1(5)
1.3
Pat Cummins to Lewis, no run, fuller and outside off, Lewis stays put in the crease and drives it to mid-on with a straight bat
1.2
Pat Cummins to Lewis, no run, beauty! In that corridor of uncertainty and a hint of away movement, Lewis went for a booming drive and it defeats his outside edge
1.1
Pat Cummins to Lewis, no run, on a fuller length and well wide of off, not a lot of seam movement on this delivery. Lewis plunges forward and leaves it alone
0.6
Starc to Gayle, no run, 152 kph delivery! That's serious pace. It was on a good length and was well wide of off, Gayle lifts his bat and lets it go
0.5
Starc to Gayle, no run, good length delivery attacking the stumps, just a hunt of inward movement off the deck. Gayle gets behind it and defends it back
0.4
Starc to Gayle, no run, on a fuller length and well wide of off, Gayle leaves it alone
0.3
Starc to Gayle, no run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Gayle gets behind that delivery and blocks it back with a straight bat
0.2
Starc to Lewis, 1 run, much fuller and on the leg-stump, Lewis flicked it fine of fine leg for a single
0.1
Starc to Gayle, 1 run, on a good length and down the leg-side, Gayle clipped it away to deep backward square leg
0.1
Starc to Gayle, wide, 5 Windies started with five wides in the morning and Australia have matched them. It was way down the leg-side, it moved in the air after going past the batsmen. And Carey missed it totally. It clipped his hand and went for a boundary
Commentary
Gayle,Darren Bravo,A Russell,Nurse,Brathwaite,Holder,Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey
