49.6
Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, out Caught by (sub)Jadeja!! Slower ball at 117kph, Zampa backs away to go over the in-field, doesn't get it anywhere close to the middle and ends up chipping it to mid-off. Easy catch for Jadeja. India win by 36 runs wkt (10-316) min (4m). Zampa c (sub)Jadeja b Bhuvneshwar 1(3)
49.5
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run, Carey loses his balance and drives it to long-off. He was backing away and hence had to reach out to this full-and-wide ball outside off
49.4
Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, 1 run, square-drives this fullish ball on off, Chahal dives to his left at backward point to save a run or two
49.3
Bhuvneshwar to Zampa, no run, 133kph, in-nipper from a short of length and Zampa is beaten comprehensively on the inside edge. Bounced over the middle-stump
49.2
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run, 120kph, short of length delivery, wristed behind square leg
49.1
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 2 Starc Run Out!! 1 run completed. Carey squeezes this very full ball to sweeper cover and they come back for the second run. Vijay Shankar fires in a throw to the bowler's end. It wasn't on-target, but Bhuvneshwar collects it cleanly and flicks it onto the stumps to catch Starc short of his crease . Starc run out (Shankar/Bhuvneshwar) 3(3)
48.6
Bumrah to Carey, 2 run, d 124kph, Carey only manages to chip it over the bowler's head. Bumrah: 10-1-61-3
48.5
Bumrah to Carey, no run, Carey is struggling to put bat on ball. Yet another slower ball and Carey is early to swing his bat
48.4
Bumrah to Carey, Byes, 2 runs, almost an action replay of the previous ball. Deceives Dhoni too as it turns away. Brushes the keeper's thigh and rolls towards third man
48.3
Bumrah to Carey, no run, excellent change of pace. The off-cutter at 120kph and Carey didn't pick that. He was looking to swipe and missed it completely
48.2
Bumrah to Carey, no run, shuffles across premeditatively to lap-sweep/scoop, misses the in-slanter. Was down leg, but not wided
48.1
Bumrah to Carey, no run, 137kph, follows a backing away Carey with a yorker. The half-centurion can't lay bat on ball
48.1
Bumrah to Starc, out, 137kph, follows a backing away Carey with a yorker. The half-centurion can't lay bat on ball wkt (9-313) min (12m). run out (Shankar/Bhuvneshwar)
47.6
Bhuvneshwar to Starc, 2 runs, 117kph, short of length delivery, wristed to the left of long-on. Dhoni back-flips the throw onto his stumps, but Starc was in
47.5
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run, 120kph, short of length delivery, Carey moves leg-side and bunts it to long-on
47.4
Bhuvneshwar to Starc, 1 run, chipped towards long-on
47.3
Bhuvneshwar to Starc, no run, 138kph, short of length delivery, punched to cover and Kuldeep has a shy at the bowler's end. Hits Carey instead. Kuldeep goes towards Carey and pats him on the back ... probably after an apology
47.2
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run, sees the batsman back away and follows him with a half-volley on the pads, flicked to the right of short fine leg. Bumrah makes a diving stop. Fifty for Carey, he's silenced some of his critics with this knock
47.1
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, FOUR, 126kph, slower bouncer, Carey hops and pulls in front of square leg. Kohli runs to his left from deep mid-wicket, couldn't stop
46.6
Bumrah to Pat Cummins, out Caught by Dhoni!! Edged and gone! The slower ball does the trick. The line was wide of off on this cutter and Cummins attempted to hoick across the line. The ball trims the outside edge and Dhoni takes a forward-diving catch wkt (8-300) min (11m). Pat Cummins c Dhoni b Bumrah 8(7) [4s-1]
46.5
Bumrah to Carey, 1 run, yorker length ball at 138kph, Carey clears his front leg and jams it to long-off
46.4
Bumrah to Pat Cummins, 1 run, slower ball at 118kph from a short of length, Cummins drags it to deep mid-wicket with a pull shot
46.3
Bumrah to Pat Cummins, 2 runs, 144kph, in the blockhole, squeezed to deep point for a brace
46.2
Bumrah to Pat Cummins, FOUR, that's a good shot from Pat Cummins! In-slanter at 140kph from a short of length, Cummins makes room by moving leg-side and cracks it behind backward point
46.1
Bumrah to Carey, 1 run, 136kph, yorker, Carey backs away to go over the covers, inside-edges it onto his boot and the ball dies down on the off-side
45.6
Bhuvneshwar to Pat Cummins, no run, bamboozles the batsman with a slower delivery. A 123kph good length ball and Cummins is way too early into his shot - a hoick across the line. Goes through to the keeper
45.5
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run, good comeback! Bhuvneshwar slips in the yorker at 136kph and that's been squeezed to long-on
45.4
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, FOUR, carved over extra cover for a boundary. It was the off-paced delivery, Carey moves leg-side and flays it over the off-side
45.3
Bhuvneshwar to Pat Cummins, 1 run, 134kph, in-slanter, Cummins is cramped for room and he can only bunt it to long-on
45.2
Bhuvneshwar to Pat Cummins, no run, 136kph, in-seaming short of length delivery that zips off the deck, Cummins is beaten by the pace on it. He was late on the punch and got beaten on the inside edge
45.1
Bhuvneshwar to Carey, 1 run, fullish ball at 117kph, Carey wants to batter it through the covers, only manages an inside edge that evades the sticks and rolls to short fine leg
44.6
Bumrah to Carey, 1 run, 120kph, length ball, Carey backs away and pats it to backward point
44.5
Bumrah to Coulter Nile, out Caught by Kohli!! The skipper is pumped up. Another off-cutter at 120kph, Coulter Nile is through with his shot early. Looks to heave and drags it off the inner part of the bat. Kohli moves to his left from deep mid-wicket to gobble that up wkt (7-283) min (22m). Coulter Nile c Kohli b Bumrah 4(9)
44.4
Bumrah to Coulter Nile, no run, swing and a miss! The off-cutter at 120kph, Coulter Nile is early to swing his bat, misses completely
44.3
Bumrah to Carey, 1 run, 141kph, fullish ball, pushed towards mid-off for a single
44.2
Bumrah to Carey, FOUR, that's gone all the way? No. Bumrah banged in short at 138kph, Carey arches his back and ramps it over the keeper's bowler. Hit the ad-cushion on the half-volley. Used the bowler's pace to his advantage
44.1
Bumrah to Carey, no run, 140kph, low full toss, a backing away Carey drills it straight to mid-off
43.6
Hardik Pandya to Carey, 1 run, bowls this into the pitch from a back of a length, pulled hard to Kohli at deep mid-wicket
43.5
Hardik Pandya to Carey, FOUR, powerful hit! Another slower delivery at 114kph, Carey gets down on a knee and smacks it through mid-on. A flat-batted hit and long-on couldn't get there
43.4
Hardik Pandya to Carey, 2 runs, 136kph, Hardik Pandya slips in the yorker and that's been jammed through square leg for a brace
43.3
Hardik Pandya to Coulter Nile, 1 run, another off-pace ball, Coulter Nile drags this fullish ball from outside off and heaves it off the inside part to deep mid-wicket
43.2
Hardik Pandya to Coulter Nile, no run, slower ball, it was actually in the arc. Coulter Nile cleared his front leg for a big heave, but failed to make contact
43.1
Hardik Pandya to Carey, 1 run, slower ball - 115kph - from round the wicket, Carey backs away and carves it to sweeper cover. He decides against the second
42.6
Chahal to Coulter Nile, no run, 82kph, away-turner, Coulter Nile throws his bat at it and gets beaten by the spin. Chahal finishes with 10-0-62-2
42.5
Chahal to Carey, 1 run, fullish ball, whipped away to long-on
42.4
Chahal to Carey, SIX, good use of the feet. Dances down the track, gets to the pitch and smacks it over the bowler's end. Lands over the sightscreen
42.3
Chahal to Carey, 2 runs, cut to deep point off the back foot. Carey makes his ground with a dive
42.2
Chahal to Carey, FOUR, tossed up delivery - googly, Carey gets down on a knee and slog-sweeps it over square leg. Goes between deep mid-wicket and deep backward square leg for a one-bounce four
42.1
Chahal to Carey, no run, gets a top-edge on his cut off the back foot, goes to short third man on the bounce
41.6
Bumrah to Coulter Nile, no run, yorker outside off, Coulter Nile swings his bat hard, doesn't connect
41.5
Bumrah to Coulter Nile, 2 runs, falls in the no-man's land. A short of length delivery at 135kph, Coulter Nile hurriedly pulls from the crease. It balloons up off the top part, falls well short and wide of the long-on fielder
41.4
Bumrah to Coulter Nile, no run, 140kph! In-decker from a length, not too much width and Coulter Nile doesn't make contact with his slash
41.3
Bumrah to Carey, 1 run, fuller length delivery from round the wicket, pushed to the left of mid-off for a quick single
41.2
Bumrah to Coulter Nile, 1 run, another overthrow as Jadeja fires a throw at the bowler's end after Coulter Nile squeezed out a full ball to backward point. Had it been a direct hit, Carey would have been a goner
41.1
Bumrah to Carey, 5 runs, pokes a short of length delivery to backward point and Jaddu misses the target at the striker's end. KL Rahul - the backing up fielder - runs to his right, but makes a mess of it. Allows it to go through him. Four bonus runs for Carey
40.6
Chahal to Carey, 1 run, tries to cut and under-edges it. Evades the leg-stump and rolls to short fine leg
40.5
Chahal to Carey, 2 runs, looks to push through the off-side and inside-edges it towards mid-wicket. Chahal chases it and fires in a decent throw at the non-striker's end. Missed by a couple of inches. A direct hit would have been curtains for Coulter Nile
40.4
Chahal to Maxwell, out Caught by (sub)Jadeja!! Maxwell falls to Chahal, again! He had no choice, but to go after the Indian bowlers. Perishes in the process. An in-drifting leg-break and Maxwell went too hard on his slog sweep, in the process lost his shape and timing. Went up a long way. Jadeja sprints in from deep mid-wicket and takes a superb running catch sliding forward wkt (6-244) min (25m). Maxwell c (sub)Jadeja b Chahal 28(14) [4s-5]
40.3
Chahal to Maxwell, FOUR, edged and four! Hint of extra bounce and Maxwell slashed hard at it. Gets a thick outside edge that races away to the third man fence
40.2
Chahal to Carey, 1 run, quick leggie that skids through, Carey tucks it to mid-wicket to open his account
40.1
Chahal to Maxwell, 1 run, flicks a leg-break on the pads to deep backward square leg
39.6
Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, out Bowled!! Australia were threatening to come back in the match. But Bhuvi has ensured in this over that India are well and truly dominating this match. It was a slower one on a good length, it came back in, keeps a shade low. It clipped the pads of Stoinis and came back to hit his stumps wkt (5-238) min (3m). Stoinis b Bhuvneshwar 0(2)
39.5
Bhuvneshwar to Stoinis, no run, defended it to the off-side
39.4
Bhuvneshwar to Smith, out Lbw!! The Oval erupts in joy as India send the dangerous Smith back to the hut. This one came back in off the deck, it might have been a slower one. Smith was looking to work it to the on-side. He played across the line and played it down the wrong line. It rapped him on the pads and it looked adjacent. Umpire didn't raise his finger, India sent the matter upstairs and got it spot-on wkt (4-238) min (115m). Smith lbw b Bhuvneshwar 69(70) [4s-5 6s-1]
39.3
Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run, slower one on a good length, Maxwell mistimes the punch to the off-side
39.2
Bhuvneshwar to Smith, 1 run, Smith slashes hard at it, it clipped the outside edge and went to Bumrah at short fine. Smith was ball-watching, Bumrah hurled in the throw at the non striker's end. But it was way off target
39.1
Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run, on a back of a length and attacking the stumps, Maxwell tucks it to mid-wicket for a single
38.6
Bumrah to Smith, no run, Bumrah nails the yorker, Smith gets his bat down just in time and pushes it to the off-side
38.5
Bumrah to Smith, FOUR, he was clearly beaten for pace there. But still collects a boundary. These are important runs for Australia. Bumrah gets the bumper wrong, Smith was late onto it but he somehow gets some bat to it and it went over the keeper's head for another boundary
38.4
Bumrah to Smith, FOUR, streaky but Smith will take it. It was another slower one and was wide of off, Smith threw his bat at it. It clipped the inside edge, evaded the leg-stump and thuds into the fine leg fence
38.3
Bumrah to Smith, no run, slower one on a good length, it was just wide of off, Smith wanted to push it wide of cover. He plays it down the wrong line and ends up missing it
38.2
Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run, typical fast bowlers response. He bags it half way down the track, Maxwell pulls it to deep square leg
38.1
Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR, Maxwell is playing a gem here. It was on a length and was on the stumps, Maxwell stays put in the crease and pumps it wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
37.6
Bhuvneshwar to Smith, FOUR, gets his line horribly wrong. Bhuvneshwar is under the pump here. It was on the pads and Smith generally doesn't miss when it is in that area. He just glances it fine of short fine for a boundary
37.5
Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 1 run, short and aiming on the body. It was another slower one, Maxwell adjusts late and pulls it to deep square leg
37.4
Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, no run, slower and wide of off, Maxwell attempts a cut, gets beaten due to lack of pace. And ends up swinging too early
37.3
Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, 2 runs, on a fuller length and down the leg-side, Maxwell tucks it wide of deep square leg and will come back for a brace. 10 off first 3 balls in the over
37.2
Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, FOUR, Maxwell is turning it on. This match ain't over yet! Bhuvneshwar was guilty of providing width again, Maxwell waits for the ball to arrive. And opened the face of the bat just at the last moment to guide it wide of short third for a boundary
37.1
Bhuvneshwar to Maxwell, FOUR, he has started off magnificently well. It was marginally short and there was width, Maxwell gets himself in a good position and carves it wide of backward point for a boundary
36.6
Bumrah to Maxwell, 1 run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Maxwell inside halves it to the leg-side for a single
36.5
Bumrah to Maxwell, FOUR, whatta way to start the innings for Maxwell. He makes things look so easy. It was on a good length and was on the stumps, Maxwell creams it down the ground and collects a boundary to get off the mark
36.4
Bumrah to Khawaja, out Bowled!! Well, in 2011 World Cup whenever MS Dhoni wanted a wicket, he gave the ball to Zaheer Khan. It seems like Bumrah will do the same job for Virat in this WC. It was a good length delivery well wide of off, Khawaja shuffled towards the off-side and wanted to paddle it fine of short fine. He gets beaten by the extra pace of Bumrah, gets an inside edge and it came back to crash into stumps wkt (3-202) min (48m). Khawaja b Bumrah 42(39) [4s-4 6s-1]
36.3
Bumrah to Khawaja, no run, pounded this delivery on a good length, Khawaja was hurried by this ball a touch. And he ended up mistiming the pull to mid-on
36.2
Bumrah to Khawaja, no run, oh! This man is too good. He knew Khawaja will go after him, he bowled it slower and bowled it wider. Khawaja goes for a hoick, misses it
36.1
Bumrah to Smith, 1 run, bangs it in on a good length, it was wide of off and Smith steers it to third man
35.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, 2 runs, comes down the track, reaches the pitch of it. He lofts it inside out over cover, gets it a little too squarer to his liking and long-off will stop it from reaching the fence
35.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, uses his feet to come down, Kuldeep Yadav bowls it full and Smith drives it to long-off
35.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, 2 run, tossed up and wide of off, Khawaja mistimes the slog sweep to deep mid-wicket
35.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, FOUR, Kuldeep Yadav anticipated the sweep shot and pushed it fuller, Khawaja adjusted brilliantly and smoked the sweep shoot wide of mid-wicket for a boundary
35.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, SIX, smashed! This will get him going! He goes down on his knees, takes it from well wide of off and deposits it over long-on for a maximum
35.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, no run, flighted and well wide of off, Khawaja went for the drive, ends up missing it
34.6
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, 1 run, slower short of length delivery, it was down the leg-side. And Khawaja half-pulls it to deep square leg
34.5
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, no run, brilliant yorker! He should be using this delivery more often. Khawaja gets his bat down just in time and clips it to square leg
34.5
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, out, Carey is struggling to put bat on ball. Yet another slower ball and Carey is early to swing his bat wkt (1-61) min (60m). run out (Jadhav/Pandya)
34.4
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, no run, off-cutter on a good length, Khawaja was deceived by the lack of pace and his bat swing came down early. And he ends up missing it
34.3
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, FOUR, Hardik Pandya is clearly overdoing the ploy of bowling short balls. Khawaja anticipated that, he was in an excellent position and nailed the pull shot wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
34.2
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Smith taps it to the off-side and takes a single
34.1
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, Byes, 1 run, banged it into the pitch, it flew off the deck. Khawaja was taken aback by the extra bounce and he bailed out of the shot. It bounced before MS, hits his pads and deflected to the leg-side
33.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, FOUR, back-to-back fifties for Smith. The one-year-ban hasn't affected his form a wee bit. It was flighted and was wide of off, Smith reaches for it and times the drive through cover to perfection. It raced off the turf!
33.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, 1 run, punches it down the ground
33.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, tossed up delivery on the stumps, Smith uses his feet and works it wide of square leg. Virat charged at the ball and threw it in a canter but it was off-target
33.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Khawaja goes back and mistimes the pull to deep mid-wicket
33.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, no run, Khawaja attempts a reverse sweep, it hits the pad of MS and that ensured it doesn't go any further
33.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Smith pushes it to long-off
32.6
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, throws this one well wide of off, Smith goes back and punches it to sweeper cover
32.5
Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run, flatter and wide of off, Khawaja pushes it to long-off
32.4
Chahal to Khawaja, FOUR, Khawaja is getting a move on. It was flighted and was down the leg-side, Khawaja goes down on his knees and attempts a classical sweep. He connects it well enough and it will race to the fence
32.3
Chahal to Khawaja, no run, went for a fancy reverse sweep, Chahal slows down the pace. And it spins past him, MS collects
32.2
Chahal to Smith, no run, carves it with the spin to sweeper cover for a single
32.1
Chahal to Smith, no run, blocked it back
31.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, FOUR, thought so that an attacking shot was coming. He came inside the line of the ball and tonked it through fine leg for a boundary
31.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, no run, cuts it straight to backward point. Pressure is building on Khawaja
31.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, no run, flatter one on the stumps, Khawaja mistimes the pull to the on-side
31.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, no run, comes down the track and knocks it down to long-on for a single
31.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, 1 run, punches it square of the wicket and takes a single
31.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, no run, goes on the back foot and pushes it to cover
30.6
Chahal to Smith, no run, Smith came charging down. It hits his insided edge and went back to MS who flicked it and hit the stumps. Umpire went upstairs but Smith was safe
30.5
Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run, leggie spinning down the leg-side, Khawaja clips it fine of short fine and takes a single
30.4
Chahal to Khawaja, no run, sweeps it straight to short fine
30.3
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, punches it square of the wicket for a single
30.2
Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run, gee! That smashed the helmet of MS. Chahal gets his line horribly wrong, it was well down the leg-side. Khawaja went for a fine sweep, his bat came down late. It struck the back of his bat and deflected to short fine of MS's helmet
30.1
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, flighted and well wide of off, Smith rocks back and punches it with the spin to sweeper cover
29.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, pushes the flighted delivery to the left of the bowler and ends the over with a quick single, excellent over by Kuldeep as he concedes only two runs
29.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, no run, flighted deivery around off, Smith defends it off his front foot
29.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, no run, short ball by Kuldeep again, Smith pulls it hard but finds the man at square leg
29.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, no run, eases the floated delivery back to the bowler off a leading edge
29.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, no run, walks down the wicket and works this one to mid-wicket. Both batsmen were outside their crease but the fielder goes for a shy at the bowler's end, fails to nail the direct-hit though
29.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Khawaja, 1 run, Kuldeep bowls a short ball and Khawaja pulls it to deep mid-wicket on a couple of bounces
28.6
Chahal to Smith, no run, flatter and quicker by Chahal, keeps this in the channel outside off and Smith finds the man at backward point with his cut shot. Only 4 runs off the over
28.5
Chahal to Smith, no run, yorker around middle, Smith jams out into the off side
28.4
Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run, drills this one down to long-off for a single
28.3
Chahal to Khawaja, 2 runs, heart-in-the-mouth moment for Khawaja. He was trying to flick this flighted delivery across the line but got a leading edge. Chahal leaps in his followthrough to grab it but his height doesn't help his cause. Had he been a bit taller, he might have had a better chance
28.2
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, wide enough in the channel outside off, Smith square drives it away from his body and gets one run
28.1
Chahal to Smith, no run, nicely tossed up delivery outside off, Smith goes for a sweep but gets beaten as it was too full to be swept
27.6
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, hoicks the length delivery to deep square leg for a single
27.5
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 2 runs, touch fuller in the channel outside off, Smith nails his cover drive but KL Rahul in the deep nails his dive too. Stops the ball with his right hand and gets rid of the ball quickly, keeping them down for a couple of runs
27.4
Hardik Pandya to Smith, no run, back of a length outside off, Smith scythes it to point
27.3
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, 1 run, short ball in the channel outside off, Khawaja slices it down to third man
27.2
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, no run, touch full around off and it's been driven to the man at mid-on by Khawaja
27.1
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, overpitched delivery by Hardik on middle and leg, Smith flicks it to deep mid-wicket and brings the left hander back on strike
26.6
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, back in his crease as he crunches the short ball through cover
26.5
Chahal to Smith, no run, slider in the channel outside off, Smith chops it straight to point
26.4
Chahal to Khawaja, 1 run, quicker one around middle and off, Khawaja brings his bat down quickly and flicks it to deep square leg
26.3
Chahal to Khawaja, no run, loop on this legbreak and Khawaja defends it off his front foot
26.2
Chahal to Khawaja, 2 runs, floated delivery around middle, Khawaja goes down on his knee and laps it down to fine leg for a couple of runs. Kedar fumbles in the deep but the batsmen don't challenge his arm
26.1
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, loopy legbreak outside off, Smith attempts a drive away from his body and gets an outside edge towards short third man
25.6
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, Hardik tries to deliver a yorker that ends up being a low full toss, Smith just about manages to get some bat on it as he flicks it down to fine leg
25.5
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, 1 run, hops a touch and drags the short ball to fine leg, single more to the total
25.4
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, no run, banged into the pitch by Hardik and Khawaja nudges it in front of the man at short mid-wicket
25.3
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, short of a length around middle and leg, Smith moves across and tucks this one through square leg
25.2
Hardik Pandya to Khawaja, 1 run, misfield by Jaddu at point, that's an unusual sight. Back of a length outside off and Khawaja pats it into the off side where Jaddu gets beaten due to a bad bounce probably
25.1
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, on a length around middle and leg, Smith flicks it through mid-wicket for a single. Shuffled in the crease, covered his stumps and connected it well. Had he missed that, it would have been dead plumb
24.6
Chahal to Khawaja, no run, nicely tossed up leggie by Chahanl, Khawaja looks to defend but gets an inside edge on to his pads
24.5
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, tosses this one up around middle and leg, Smith creams it down to long-on for a single
24.4
Chahal to Warner, out Caught by Bhuvneshwar!! Chahal is among the wickets just like he was the other day. Warner shimmies down the wicket and flicks the tossed up delivery to deep mid-wicket. With not much behind the shot it ends up being an easy catch for Bhuvi who was well inside the boundary. Probably a blessing in disguise for Australia as Warner was struggling with his strike rate  wkt (2-133) min (111m). Warner c Kumar b Chahal 56(84) [4s-5]
24.3
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, drives the floated delivery through the gap at covers, does Smith
24.3
Chahal to Smith, wide, slides this one down the leg side, easy call for the umpire
24.2
Chahal to Smith, leg byes, 2 runs, tossed up delivery down the leg side, Smith tries to glance it but the clips his hips and rolls towards fine leg
24.1
Chahal to Smith, 2 runs, Smith walks down the wicket and flicks the flighted delivery to deep square leg for a couple of runs
23.6
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 2 runs, replica of the first ball of this over. Warner helps the short ball to deep square leg where Rahul sprints across, stops it with a dive and parries it to Chahal. Just that Yuzi gathered it cleanly this time and went for a flat throw at Dhoni's end
23.5
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, back of a length outside off, Warner plays this with his bat angled towards point
23.4
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, full in length around middle and leg, Smith moves across the stumps and flicks it to deep mid-wicket for a single
23.3
Hardik Pandya to Smith, no run, on a length around off, Smith covers his stumps and pats it in front of mid-off
23.2
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 1 run, works the back of a length delivery into the leg side with a closed bat face
23.1
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 2 runs, hooks the short ball to deep mid-wicket where Rahul stops it with a dive and parries it to Chahal who was sprinting in from deep square leg
22.6
Kedar Jadhav to Smith, FOUR, that's the class of this batsman. Down on his knee as he slogs the flighted delivery over mid-wicket. On a bounce and into the fence she goes. Batsmen often find difficult to score against Kedar Jadhav because of his slingy action but Smith doesn't
22.6
Kedar Jadhav to Smith, wide, pressure on Kedar as he slides another one down the leg side, Smith fails to get bat on his flick
22.5
Kedar Jadhav to Warner, 1 run, this one kept so low, Warner rocks back and whips it to wide long-on
22.4
Kedar Jadhav to Smith, 1 run, drives the fullish delivery through mid-on for an easy run
22.3
Kedar Jadhav to Smith, no run, tossed up delivery around off, Smith pushes it back to the bowler
22.2
Kedar Jadhav to Smith, SIX, downtown! Smith puts on his dancing shoes and lofts the floated delivery over wide long-on, half-a-dozen for the former Australian captain
22.1
Kedar Jadhav to Smith, no run, short in length outside off, width o offer and it's been punched to cover. Smith is livid as he fails to pierce the field
22.1
Kedar Jadhav to Smith, wide, slides this one down the leg side, Smith attempts a paddle but doesn't connect
21.6
Chahal to Warner, no run, loud call by Warner as he works the floated delivery in front of short mid
21.5
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, short in length outside off, Smith punches it to cover-point where Hardik stops it with his left hand
21.4
Chahal to Smith, no run, Chahal tosses this one up and invites the batsman for a drive, Smith does so but the ball rolls back to the bowler
21.3
Chahal to Smith, no run, quicker one around leg, Smith nudges it with soft hands into the leg side
21.2
Chahal to Smith, no run, floated around off, Smith comes on his front foot to drive it to cover
21.1
Chahal to Warner, 1 run, fifty for Warner, it has taken 77 balls to notch this one up. Nudges the flatter delivery towards mid-wicket and gets to the mini milestone, raises his bat too. But he needs to carry on and get a big one
20.6
Bumrah to Smith, no run, ouch! That'll hurt. A short ball by Boom and Smith swivels early in order to pull. Due to the lack of timing on his shot an inside edge is induced which later hits him on the body, some bruises for sure
20.5
Bumrah to Smith, no run, spears in a length delivery at 144kph, Smith keeps his eyes on the ball and stonewalls it
20.4
Bumrah to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, 117kph, slower one around middle and leg, Warner tries to work it into the leg side but the ball clips his pads and rolls into the leg side, leg bye taken as the ball dies down near square leg
20.3
Bumrah to Warner, no run, another one of those skiddy length deliveries from round the wicket, Warner chops it towards point
20.2
Bumrah to Warner, no run, back of a length around off, skids along the deck and keeps a touch low, Warner brings is bat down in time and blocks it down the pitch
20.1
Bumrah to Warner, FOUR, the extra pace helps Warner. Slashes hard at a sharp short ball and gets a thick outside edge. It beats the man at third man and it was mainly due to the speed of the ball
20.1
Bumrah to Warner, wide, Bumrah's back and so are his bouncers. Bangs it short around off and the left hander sways away from it, the ball sails well above his head
19.6
Chahal to Warner, 1 run, 92kph, darting on leg. Knocked down to long-on
19.5
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, tossed up at the stumps, Smith opens his stance and drives it away to long-off
19.4
Chahal to Warner, 1 run, Warner checks his drive to the right of the bowler, Smith comes in the way of Chahal and it eventually rolls away to long-off
19.3
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, drifting in, bunted away towards long-on. They sprint across quickly but won't game the second
19.2
Chahal to Smith, no run, well-flighted delivery from Chahal, on middle and Smith crabs forward and blocks it beside the line
19.1
Chahal to Warner, 1 run, 89kph, quicker on middle and leg. Whisked through square leg
18.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, shorter outside off, punched away to sweeper cover
18.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, no run, teaser from Kuldeep, looping it up deliciously and draws Warner forward, who defends it high on the bat to cover
18.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, looped up on middle, Smith treks back to tickle it round the corner
18.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, floater outside off, Warner camps back and flat-bats it down to long-on
18.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, no run, Kuldeep corrects his length and tosses it up, Warner strides out and pushes it back to the bowler
18.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, FOUR, rare loose ball from Kuldeep and Warner doesn't let it go scot-free. Shifts his weight back as he sees it short and drills it through extra cover
17.6
Chahal to Warner, 1 run, Warner gambols out and works it with the spin to mid-wicket
17.5
Chahal to Warner, 2 runs, half-chance for MSD but he can't hold onto it. It would be criminal to call it a drop. Slower and spinning down leg, Warner goes for the sweep and gets some glove on it. Went very low and it strikes MS' pads and he couldn't get his gloves down in time. Wanders towards fine leg
17.4
Chahal to Warner, no run, flatter outside off, punched straight to cover
17.3
Chahal to Smith, 1 run, leggie breaking away outside off, pushed to the left of Jadeja at cover, who sprawls across and flings it quickly to MSD but the batsman was in anyway
17.2
Chahal to Smith, 2 runs, Smith is one of the best manipulators. Places it into the mid-wicket region and gets two more
17.1
Chahal to Smith, 2 runs, floated up outside off, Smith crouches low and drives through cover, splits the gap and collects a brace
16.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, no run, slower from Kuldeep, slanted in and Warner plays it back to the bowler
16.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, drifted in, shaved away in front of square on the leg-side
16.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, quicker outside off, chopped through cover
16.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, tossed up on middle, picked away to deep mid-wicket
16.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, punched away to sweeper cover
16.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, no run, flighted outside off, poked to cover
15.6
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 1 run, provides width on this back of a length delivery outside off, flayed square past point. Jadhav gets to the ball quickly and there's a slight hesitation again but they are not risking the second
15.5
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, Warner is struggling, here's more evidence. Pandya switches to over the wicket and rolls his fingers across this short delivery that grips and cuts away outside off. Warner is early into the pull and gets defeated by the lack of pace
15.4
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, shovelled away through mid-wicket
15.3
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 1 run, keeps it short but the line is outside off, spanked away to sweeper cover
15.2
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, ufft! That's a rip-snorter from Pandya. Dug in short and it rears up menacingly towards Warner, who jumps and manages to evade it
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, clever change of pace from Pandya. Peppers a slower short ball, Warner fails to impart power as he swings his bat on the pull and picks the fielder at mid-wicket who takes the catch. But it won't matter because it's a free-hit. Pandya gets away..
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no ball, 4, cardinal sin from Pandya. Firstly, he oversteps and ushers in a short ball which Warner spots it early and controls the pull in the gap between deep square leg and fine leg. Bisected in beautifully and he'll line up again next ball because free-hit beckons
14.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, subtle variation in pace from Kuldeep. Balloons it up outside off, Warner drives it away to long-off
14.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, no run, 81kph, immaculate line from Kuldeep. At the stumps, Warner is rushed onto a block
14.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, on the stumps, Smith presses forward and nurdles it round the corner
14.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, snaking in, picked away through mid-wicket
14.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, no run, oh close shave for Warner. Flighted outside off, Warner goes for the cut and gets too close for comfort, thick inside edge nearly trickled back onto the stumps
14.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Smith, 1 run, well-flighted by Kuldeep, whacked away to long-on
13.6
Hardik Pandya to Smith, 1 run, too straight, glanced away to fine leg
13.5
Hardik Pandya to Smith, no run, shortish outside off, steered to point
13.4
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 1 run, back of a length outside off, punched away to sweeper cover
13.3
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, length delivery, climbs up sharply and hits Warner high on the bat
13.2
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, banged in short, the bouncer from Pandya. Warner sways his head out of the line
13.1
Hardik Pandya to Warner, wide, lively bumper from Pandya, testing the pace of the pitch and Warner swiftly takes his head out of the way. But the square leg umpire spreads his arms and calls it a wide
12.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, darted on middle, merrily wristed down to long-on
12.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, 1 run, hurls it full and quick outside off, stabbed away to long-off
12.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, no run, flatter at 83kph outside off, standing punch to cover-point
12.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, wicket-to-wicket line, Warner works it round his pads past a diving mid-wicket fielder. Kedar quickly swoops down onto the ball at long-on, so they won't risk the second
12.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, 1 run, loopy delivery from Kuldeep, whipped away to long-on
12.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, 2 runs, wrong 'un from Kuldeep, spinning away outside off and Aaron Finch sinks low to mow it over mid-wicket. Jadeja circles around but can't prevent the duo from pinching the second. Jaddu is substituting for Dhawan, who hasn't taken the field due to a niggle I presume
11.6
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, good comeback this from Pandya after that pasting. Gives away just a solitary run as Warner dabs it with soft hands to backward point
11.5
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, shortish outside off, Warner throws his bat and caresses it straight to extra cover
11.4
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, similar line, angling in and Warner takes notice and blocks it off the back foot
11.3
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, incoming delivery from Pandya, rams Warner on the pad and there's a half-hearted query which has been aborted because it was sliding down leg. All three stumps visible there but Warner didn't expect that to jag back in, gets caught in the crease and plays all around it
11.2
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, slants it fuller outside off from round the wicket, a flat-footed Warner hammers the drive hard but finds Rohit, who makes a good stop at extra cover
11.1
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, 1 run, pounds it on a length outside off, Aaron Finch remains firm in his crease and pushes it through cover
10.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, 1 run, Aaron Finch runs down the pitch and converts this tossed up delivery into a half-volley and flicks it away to deep square leg
10.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, no run, pushes Aaron Finch back with a quicker ball, tucked to mid-wicket
10.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, 2 runs, gives more air, in the process overpitches. Aaron Finch bullies it wide of long-off and comes back for the second
10.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Aaron Finch, no run, 82kph, quicker outside off. Aaron Finch creates room and punches it to cover
10.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, 1 run, rifled in full, Warner push-drives it away to long-off
10.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Warner, no run, tosses it up nicely, Warner pats it back to the bowler
9.6
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, FOUR, 19 from the over, back of a length and well wide of off, Aaron Finch stands tall and pumps it in front of square on the off-side, the man in the deep is a mere spectator - Australia have woken up from their slumber
9.5
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, FOUR, lovely, the two openers are opening up, short of a length and well outside off, Aaron Finch stands tall and cracks it square on the off-side, no one moved as the ball raced away to the ropes
9.4
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, SIX, cracking shot, too short from Hardik, Aaron Finch swivels across, takes on the fielder at deep square leg and clears him with ease - turning out to be a big over
9.3
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 1 run, short of a length and just outside off, pushed into the gap wide of cover for a single
9.2
Hardik Pandya to Warner, no run, vicious bounce for Hardik, Warner looked surprised as the ball climbed onto him, did well in the end to drop his bottom hand and plays with soft hands - that reared from a length - similar to the way Dhawan copped a blow on his thumb
9.1
Hardik Pandya to Warner, FOUR, cheeky and four, a nothing ball from Hardik, back of a length and angling into Warner's pads, he gets inside the line and clips it over backward square leg for a boundary
8.6
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run, a little shimmy from Warner, comes down the track, gets close to the ball and drives it to the left of Hardik at mid-off, just a single
8.5
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Warner drills it straight to Kohli at cover - he yanks his head away in dismay, this was a boundary ball and think he missed out
8.4
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, defended to the off-side
8.3
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, 1 run, length ball at the stumps, worked away wide of mid-wicket - Chahal was quick on the chase and keeps them down to a single
8.2
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run, tad fuller and at the stumps, Warner prods forward and squirts an inside edge behind square for a single
8.1
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 2 runs, short of a length and on Warner's hips, he presses across and pulls it behind square on the on-side, comes back for the second run
7.6
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, no run, back of a length and just outside off, came through slowly off the pitch and it undid Aaron Finch's attempted cut - went hard at the shot and mistimed it to mid-on
7.6
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, wide, the bouncer from Hardik, Aaron Finch watches it sail through and it's called as a wide for height
7.5
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, 2 runs, back of a length and on Aaron Finch's hips, clipped behind square on the on-side and he wanted the second run - Chahal with the throw and MS tried to deflect it onto the stumps, but Aaron Finch was home by then
7.4
Hardik Pandya to Warner, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, Warner hops across and drops it in front of backward point for a quick single
7.3
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, 1 run, short of a length and angling into Aaron Finch's ribs, he jumps across on the tuck, gets an inside edge that ricocheted off his body - rolled wide of mid-wicket for a single
7.2
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, no run, back of a length and well outside off, Aaron Finch went hard on the cut and mistimed it to point
7.1
Hardik Pandya to Aaron Finch, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, nudged towards the on-side
6.6
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, a direct hit and Aaron Finch was gone - Kohli was quick on the ball and perhaps could have taken some time to have a proper shy - went through the process in one motion and failed to find the target - Aaron Finch was backing up a long way after Warner dropped a length ball in front of cover. Was gone for all money after being sent back late
6.5
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, another slower ball from Bhuvneshwar, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, left alone
6.4
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, this is excellent bowling from Bhuvneshwar - think this was the scrambled seam delivery - very full and wide of off, dropped in pace as well, Warner went hard on the drive and missed
6.3
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Warner stands tall and still can't get the ball past the inner ring - straight to the fielder at cover-point
6.2
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, on a length and in that channel outside off, defended with a closed face towards backward point
6.1
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, punched to the left of cover-point for a quick single
5.6
Bumrah to Warner, no run, tad fuller and in that channel outside off, Warner covers for the angle and then lets it go
5.5
Bumrah to Warner, no run, short of a good length and around the off-stump line, Warner presses across and blocks
5.4
Bumrah to Warner, no run, short of a length and holding its line outside off, Warner hops across and defends
5.3
Bumrah to Warner, no run, on a good length and sliding across the left-hander, driven on the up and straight to Rahul at cover-point
5.2
Bumrah to Warner, no run, this is good bowling from Bumrah, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, Warner was caught in two minds, makes a late call to let the ball go by
5.1
Bumrah to Warner, no run, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, Warner was looking to pull and is cramped for room, mistimes it back at the bowler
4.6
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, back of a length and well outside off, punched off the back-foot, to the left of cover where Rohit dives and saves some runs
4.5
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, fraction fuller and at the stumps, defended back at the bowler
4.4
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, short of a length and on off, Aaron Finch presses across and clips it to mid-wicket
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Aaron Finch prods across and pushes it to backward point
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, wide, the attempted slower ball from Bhuvneshwar, slides it down the leg-side and it's called as a wide
4.2
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, on a good length and holding its line outside off, defended back at the bowler
4.1
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, short of a good length and a hint of extra bounce for Bhuvneshwar, Aaron Finch was defending off the back-foot, can't place it wide of backward point
3.6
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, 1 run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Aaron Finch pressed forward on the defensive push, gets a soft edge towards third man for a single
3.5
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, no run, Bumrah shortens his length outside off, Aaron Finch rides the bounce and pushes it to the off-side
3.4
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, FOUR, beautifully played, too straight from Bumrah, on Aaron Finch's pads and it's whipped backward of square on the on-side, no need to run for those
3.3
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, 2 runs, tad fuller and a hint of shape back into the right-hander, Aaron Finch ws half-forward as he pushed, squirted off the inside edge and behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
3.2
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, no run, on a good length and angling back into the right-hander, Aaron Finch was shuffling across on the tuck and missed - off the pad and rolled towards square leg
3.1
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Aaron Finch drives it on the up and finds mid-off
2.6
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, on a good length and a hint of late swing back into the left-hander - but it all happened after passing the batsman, left alone
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery and in that channel outside off, Warner leans across on the drive and finds cover
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Warner presses across on the defensive push
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 2 runs, Warner shortens Bhuvneshwar's length with a little shimmy, pushes it wide of Kohli at cover and calls for a quick single - the Indian captain has a shy and Chahal can't back-up cleanly, allows an extra run
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, lovely, nicely bowled by Bhuvneshwar, on a good length and gets the ball to seam away off the deck - Warner was caught in the crease and has a little nibble at that, could have so easily edged it
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Warner plays from the crease and pushes it to the off-side
1.6
Bumrah to Aaron Finch, no run, fuller length delivery and just outside off, hit the bat hard as Aaron Finch prodded across on the defensive push
1.5
Bumrah to Warner, 1 run, tad fuller and just outside off, dabbed behind square on the off-side - RJ is the fielder there, on for Dhawan, but even he can't prevent the single
1.4
Bumrah to Warner, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Warner prods across and defends it to the off-side
1.3
Bumrah to Warner, FOUR, beautifully played, tad too full and too wide of off, Warner leans into the drive and places it into the gap wide of extra-cover, runs away across the fast outfield
1.2
Bumrah to Warner, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, cracked straight to the fielder at cover-point
1.1
Bumrah to Warner, no run, oh dear! The ball hit the stumps pretty firmly, but the bails will not move off its groove - could have had a wicket with the first ball, Warner is very very lucky indeed, short of a length and climbing onto the batsman, Warner hopped across on the defensive push, gets an inside edge and the ball rolled back onto the leg-stump
0.6
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Aaron Finch leans forward and defends it to the off-side
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Aaron Finch covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to Aaron Finch, 2 runs, half-an-appeal for a run-out, but Bhuvneshwar aborted the appeal pretty early - beautifully played though, pitched up and at the stumpos, Aaron Finch presents the full face of the bat and drove it back at the bowler - the ball deflected off the stumps and rolled away towards the ropes before being pulled back in
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, 1 run, too straight from Bhuvneshwar, on Warner's pads and it's nudged to the left of mid-wicket - Chahal tumbles and makes a smart stop, keeps them down to a single
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, Bhuvneshwar shortens his length outside off, Warner gets behind the line and defends it to the off-side
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to Warner, no run, on a good length and around the leg-stump line, Warner prods across and tucks it to mid-wicket
Commentary
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,Adam Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shikhar Dhawan,Bhuvneshwar Kumar,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
