34.2
Shami to Thomas, out Caught by Rohit!! India seem confident this was off the glove. They've gone for the review. Sharp bouncer from round the wicket, Thomas turned his head away but left his hands up there. Definitely off the glove, before lobbing to slip. All over  wkt (10-143) min (20m). Thomas c Rohit b Shami 6(11) [4s-1]
34.1
Shami to Thomas, no run, full ball just outside off, defended to cover
33.6
Chahal to Roach, FOUR, went hard on the drive so even as the edge is found, it loops over slip
33.5
Chahal to Roach, no run, tossed up on off, defended off the front foot
33.4
Chahal to Roach, no run, and another one beats the outside edge. One of those things when the last-wicket stand is going on
33.3
Chahal to Roach, no run, flat, skidding through from back of a length, Roach leans back looking to hoist over extra cover, beaten again
33.2
Chahal to Roach, no run, was there an edge? Maybe bat hitting ground. Quicker and fuller outside off, Roach swings and misses. Dhoni didn't hold onto it
33.1
Chahal to Roach, FOUR, smites this over midwicket. Leg-break on off, Roach now abandoning his defensive approach
32.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Thomas, no run, didn't pick the googly, but luckily, it wasn't all that well directed. Would've easily turned down leg as Thomas wears it on the pad
32.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, 1 run, drives a loopy full toss down to long-off
32.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, smothered back down the pitch
32.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, turning in from middle, strikes Roach on the pad. Probably an inside edge involved
32.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, FOUR, lands just in front of the padding at long-off. Boundary for Roach. Didn't hold back against Kuldeep's flighted leg-break, drilled it over mid-off
32.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Thomas, 1 run, looking to whip this against the turn through midwicket. Instead, gets it to balloon over cover off the leading edge
31.6
Chahal to Thomas, 1 run, Rahul puts this down running in from deep midwicket! Hearty slog off the flighted leg-break, dragged it towards the leg-side boundary. Rahul is on the move, unsteady, can't hold on
31.5
Chahal to Thomas, no run, googly skipping through off a good length on off, defended
31.4
Chahal to Thomas, FOUR, Thomas plants his front foot down and swings with the turn through backward square
31.3
Chahal to Thomas, no run, flighted up at the stumps, defended down the pitch
31.2
Chahal to Thomas, no run, Has that carried to Rohit? Soft signal is out. A googly which isn't picked, Thomas nicks it off the back foot and it dies in front of slip. Rohit went with one hand, did his best, but it was always dying. Michael Gough, the third umpire, initially thinks the fingers are underneath. But then after repeated looks, he changes his mind and overturns the onfield call
31.1
Chahal to Thomas, no run, no real appeal from India. Thomas had missed with his slog-sweep and was struck on the back leg. But this would've missed leg with the turn
30.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, beaten on the edge! The googly slides on from over the wicket, Roach didn't pick it
30.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, flighted full around off, hammered to mid-off
30.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, was tentative against this googly, probably didn't pick it, so he does the sensible thing and waits. Extra bounce for Kuldeep, gets Roach on the bat shoulder but it's kept down with soft hands
30.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, flighted up on a length on off, Roach lunges forward in defence
30.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, length ball turning in on off, Roach gets forward and defends
30.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Roach, no run, back of a length, chopped back down the pitch
29.6
Chahal to Thomas, no run, defended down the pitch
29.5
Chahal to Cottrell, out Lbw!! Kohli has a big laugh about this. Cottrell walked right across the stumps, assuming it to be a leg-spinner. So when it was revealed to be a googly, he had absolutely no answer, getting trapped right in front. Shami getting cheeky, mimics the salute celebration  wkt (9-124) min (7m). Cottrell lbw b Chahal 10(8) [4s-1 6s-1]
29.4
Chahal to Cottrell, no run, steers this with the turn to point
29.3
Chahal to Cottrell, no run, flat on off, blocked into the covers
29.2
Chahal to Cottrell, SIX, this has gone 95 meters over long-on! Really well flighted, right in the slot for Cottrell who parks that front leg at square leg and swings for the balcony
29.1
Chahal to Cottrell, FOUR, flighted up on off stump, Cottrell has a proper hack at it. Knows such opportunities will be rare at the other end against India's pacers, so he decides to have some fun while he can. Mowed over midwicket
28.6
Shami to Cottrell, leg byes, 1 run, off-cutter spinning down leg, takes a bit of thigh pad on the way past Dhoni
28.5
Shami to Cottrell, no run, short of length around the waist, Cottrell jumps back and blunts it in front of mid-on. Cottrell came down looking for a single but Roach just wasn't interested
28.4
Shami to Cottrell, no run, short ball outside off, whistles past Cottrell's attempted pull. Was a late decision to play the shot
28.4
Shami to Cottrell, wide, welcomes Cottrell with a bouncer. It's too high though
28.3
Shami to Hetmyer, out Caught by Rahul!! Hetmyer sinks to his knees in agony. He saw the width, went after it and slapped it straight to the fielder at backward point. West Indies are packing up in a hurry  wkt (8-112) min (52m). Hetmyer c Rahul b Shami 18(29) [4s-1]
28.2
Shami to Hetmyer, no run, short of length on middle, blocked down the pitch
28.1
Shami to Hetmyer, no run, length ball slanted away outside off, left alone
27.6
Chahal to Hetmyer, 1 run, flighted leg-break at the stumps, works it through midwicket
27.5
Chahal to Roach, 1 run, floated up at the stumps, pushed to mid-on
27.4
Chahal to Hetmyer, 1 run, turned through the square leg region
27.3
Chahal to Hetmyer, no run, was there bat on this? If there was, did it carry? Pandya appeals, so it must've carried. But the appeal was strangely half-hearted. And now, replays show it was straight off the bat. Baffling! It was turned straight to leg-slip by Hetmyer but hardly anyone went up with enthusiasm
27.2
Chahal to Hetmyer, no run, length ball turning in on middle, spins past the inside edge onto the pad. Bounced too much
27.1
Chahal to Hetmyer, 2 runs, turning in on leg, Hetmyer tucks this past leg slip
26.6
Bumrah to Roach, no run, double wicket maiden! Bumrah is breathing fire at the moment. A 137kph bouncer aimed right at the batsman, Roach spots it early and manages to duck under it
26.5
Bumrah to Roach, no run, short and rising around off-stump, Roach gets on top of the bounce and drops it into the off-side
26.4
Bumrah to Roach, no run, short of length outside off, Roach is back and across to defend it to point
26.3
Bumrah to Roach, no run, oh! Bumrah has his hands on his mouth. He almost became the third Indian to have a World Cup hat-trick. The loopy slower delivery that dips like a Malinga yorker, Roach shuffles across and is right behind the line, presenting the straight bat to keep it out
26.2
Bumrah to Fabian Allen, out Lbw!! First-ball duck for Allen. Bumrah is on a hat-trick. He was not rewarded in his first spell but is more than making up for it in this one. Fast, straight and at the stumps, Allen stuck to the crease is beaten for pace, the ball pings him right in front of middle stump. Ball-tracking shows it to be clipping leg-stump. It looked much closer in the first instance and that is why umpire Kettleborough had his finger up  wkt (7-107) min (3m). Fabian Allen lbw b Bumrah 0(1)
26.1
Bumrah to Brathwaite, out Caught by Dhoni!! That was a stunner from MS. The centurion from the previous game is sent back cheaply. This wicket belongs to Dhoni. He has not had the best of games behind the stumps today - given the most byes in a ODI game. But this is a catch of the top drawer. Back of a length delivery angled in before straightening, Brathwaite closed the bat face looking to tuck it into the leg-side, the outside edge flies to the right of Dhoni, who like Brathwaite was going with the angle and was left wrongfooted, but adjusts quickly to dive to his right and take it with one-hand  wkt (6-107) min (13m). Brathwaite c Dhoni b Bumrah 1(5)
25.6
Chahal to Hetmyer, no run, tossed up around off, Hetmyer decides to go back and punch it to cover
25.5
Chahal to Hetmyer, FOUR, releases the pressure with a half tracker outside off, Hetmyer is quick to rock back and slap it through the off-side, there is no one sweeping on the off-side and it races to the fence
25.4
Chahal to Hetmyer, no run, Dhoni gets his wish, Chahal slows it up and it is only 72kph, Hetmyer wanted to step out but decides against it and is beaten for the lack of speed, he ensures the back foot is planted in the crease
25.3
Chahal to Hetmyer, no run, flatter and sliding through, Hetmyer is right back in the crease to defend
25.2
Chahal to Brathwaite, 1 run, 83kph flighted delivery and Dhoni wants it to be more slower, Brathwaite drives it to long-off
25.1
Chahal to Hetmyer, 1 run, spinning in from outside off, Hetmyer inside halves the forward block to short fine leg
24.6
Bumrah to Brathwaite, no run, geez! Brathwaite has done well to keep this out. A well-directed yorker aimed right for the toes, Brathwaite gets his front leg out of the way and brings his bat down in time to jam it out
24.5
Bumrah to Brathwaite, no run, loopy slower delivery, the ball dips right in front of Brathwaite, who spoons it up towards cover, where Kohli charges to his right and dives, gets it on the half volley
24.4
Bumrah to Hetmyer, 1 run, slower delivery on the pads, clipped away to deep backward square, the pair started running back for the second before Hetmyer sent back Brathwaite in time. A better throw from Kedar might have had the big man in trouble
24.3
Bumrah to Hetmyer, 2 runs, short of length just outside off, Hetmyer pulls without conviction through the unmanned mid-wicket area, two added
24.2
Bumrah to Hetmyer, no run, back of a length angling across the left hander, dabbed away to backward point
24.1
Bumrah to Hetmyer, no run, good length ball attacking the stumps, Hetmyer prefers to hang back and block it out
23.6
Chahal to Brathwaite, no run, rips the leg-break and gets it to spin across, Brathwaite with a big stride forward keeps it out
23.5
Chahal to Holder, out Caught by Kedar Jadhav!! That is a well planned dismissal. India had an extra cover fielder in place. Chahal tossed one, then pushed one before floating another right in the driving length, Holder falls for the trap, he looks to drive but is not able to control it and chips a dolly to Kedar at extra cover. India are all over West Indies and are one wicket away from getting into the bowlers wkt (5-98) min (14m). Holder c Kedar Jadhav b Chahal 6(13)
23.4
Chahal to Holder, no run, now pushes one through outside off, Holder cuts and misses, he was beaten for pace there
23.3
Chahal to Holder, no run, that is a better line and length. Drifts in the air and lands on a length, Holder is drawn forward to defend and the ball spins away to beat the outside edge. Classical leg-break bowling!
23.2
Chahal to Hetmyer, 1 run, shimmies down the wicket and isn't to the pitch of the ball, drags the loft to long-on
23.1
Chahal to Hetmyer, no run, turning in and cramped Hetmyer for room, he adjusts and bunts it into the off-side
22.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Hetmyer, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Hetmyer cracks the cut to sweeper cover
22.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, leg byes, 1 run, quicker and Holder tries to play it round his pads, misses and the deflection takes it into the leg-side
22.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, no run, tossed up around off, Holder gently turns it to mid-wicket
22.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, 2 runs, floated up outside off, Holder opens the bat face and drives it square on the off-side, two added
22.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, no run, appeal for LBW. Kohli has a chat with Kuldeep and Dhoni. He decides against the review. There might have been an inside edge. Spinning in sharply from outside off, Holder is forward to defend but leaves a gap between his bat and pad, the ball sneaks through to hit the back pad. It was turning too much and hence not given
22.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, wide, quicker and spinning down leg, Holder fails to meet with the glance
22.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, no run, drifting across and turning in, Holder prods forward and blocks
21.6
Chahal to Holder, 1 run, throws it up a bit wider and Holder manages to drive it to sweeper cover
21.5
Chahal to Holder, no run, flighted around off, Holder drives and picks out Kohli at cover
21.4
Chahal to Hetmyer, 1 run, tossed up around off, Hetmyer presses forward and inside halves the block to square leg
21.3
Chahal to Hetmyer, Byes, 4, another miss by Dhoni. He's having a rare bad day behind the stumps. The leg-break teased Hetmyer outside off before turning in, beat the inside edge and missed the off-stump by a whisker, Dhoni was not able to glove it cleanly
21.2
Chahal to Holder, 1 run, very full and outside off, Holder squeezes the drive to sweeper cover. He called for two but Vijay ensures it is a single
21.1
Chahal to Hetmyer, 1 run, juicy full toss outside off, Hetmyer drives it along the ground to long-off
20.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Hetmyer, 1 run, uses the depth of the crease to crack this in front of square on the off-side, Vijay keeps it to a single
20.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, 1 run, tries to bowl it quicker and ends up on the pads, flicked away to long leg
20.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Hetmyer, 1 run, dips right in front of the left hander and Hetmyer eases the drive to long-off
20.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Holder, 1 run, lands it a bit fuller than he would have liked, drilled down to long-off
20.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, out Caught by Shami!! Gone! India keep chipping away at the wickets. A well-set Pooran is the latest to depart. Kuldeep deserved this wicket. He's in the middle of a superb spell. Flighted delivery and turns just enough to foil Pooran's attempted loft, the ball skies off the outer half towards long-off, where Shami doesn't have to do much  wkt (4-80) min (61m). Pooran c Shami b Kuldeep Yadav 28(50) [4s-2]
20.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, tossed up on the stumps, Pooran stays back and knocks it down the wicket
19.6
Kedar Jadhav to Hetmyer, no run, flighted around off, Hetmyer plunges forward and blocks
19.5
Kedar Jadhav to Pooran, Byes, 1 run, no signal from the umpire. Strange! Pooran went for the reverse sweep but the ball kept drifting away from him, he missed it completely and Dhoni isn't able to glove it as well. There was surely no bat
19.4
Kedar Jadhav to Pooran, no run, very full and almost in the blockhole, Pooran squeezes it out past Dhoni
19.3
Kedar Jadhav to Pooran, no run, drifting in from that round armish angle, Pooran presses forward and defends
19.2
Kedar Jadhav to Pooran, FOUR, that is a top shot. It was not all that short, but Pooran used the depth of the crease there to cut it behind square on the off-side - split backward point and short third man expertly
19.1
Kedar Jadhav to Pooran, no run, low full toss around off, Pooran drives off the cue-end to cover
18.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Hetmyer, no run, umpire Richard Kettleborough had his finger up in a flash. Kuldeep and Dhoni were confident. Flighted delivery around off, Hetmyer plunges forward to defend and the bat is very close to the pad, jams it off the inside edge onto the pad and that saved him
18.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Hetmyer, no run, slower and just outside off, Hetmyer presses forward and blocks it towards cover
18.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Hetmyer, no run, flighted outside off, Hetmyer pushes it towards cover
18.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, fraction short around off, Pooran rocks back and pulls it to long-on
18.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, tossed up around off, Pooran gets a good stride forward on the block
18.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, flighted delivery around off, Pooran presses forward and defends
18.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, wide, 3 stumping chance missed! Tough one for Dhoni. There were a couple of things going against him. The floaty delivery was down leg, Pooran walked into the flick and missed it altogether, the ball dipped right in front of Dhoni, who was also blinded by the batsman. He could not get anything on that and Bumrah chases it down from short fine
17.6
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, out Lbw!! Pandya has the last laugh. In fact, he claps after deceiving Ambris with a clever off-cutter. The ball pitched on a length and cut back in, Ambris is rooted to the crease wanting to work it into the leg-side, he is early into the shot as he is beaten for pace and struck in front of stumps. The height was the only thing which could have saved him and he did have a discussion with Pooran, but the duo decide not to waste the review. The partnership that was steadying the innings has been broken  wkt (3-71) min (84m). Ambris lbw b Hardik Pandya 31(40) [4s-2]
17.5
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, FOUR, woah! Where did that come from? Good length ball and Ambris dismisses it from his presence, he just stands tall and swats it over mid-wicket, couple of bounces and into the fence
17.4
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, 1 run, in the air and just over Rohit! Pandya has had a few in no man's land. The slower short of length delivery, Pooran tries to get the pull over mid-wicket but the ball doesn't arrive, hits the splice of the bat and balloons over a backtracking Rohit at mid-wicket
17.3
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, 1 run, another off-cutter outside off, Ambris dabs it away to third man
17.2
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, 1 run, change of pace, lands it on a length and makes Pooran check his forward push, it is a bit uppish but well wide of Kohli at cover, Kuldeep tidies up near mid-off
17.1
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, FOUR, hit-me delivery from Pandya and Pooran does not miss out. Short and angling in around the hips, Pooran swivels and pulls it backward of square, one bounce and over the ropes
16.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, tosses it up around off, Pooran walks into the forward stride and works it to long-on
16.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, flatter and close to off, Pooran goes back and cuts to backward point
16.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, lovely delivery. Loops it up and draws the batsman forward, the ball then turns away to beat the outside edge. Dhoni liked it behind the stumps
16.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, 1 run, on the shorter length and Ambris is able to nudge it past the leg-slip fielder
16.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, in the air and short of Kedar. "That is the third time it has landed in front of him," reminds Sanjay Manjrekar on air. Flighted delivery and Pooran wanted to over Kuldeep, but ends up dragging it off the inner portion to long-on, just drops a few feet in front of him
16.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, 1 run, floated up outside off, Ambris drives towards extra cover, for a quick single
15.6
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, no run, slanted in from round the wicket, Pooran hangs back and turns it to mid-wicket
15.5
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, no run, slow dipping yorker around off-stump, Pooran brings his bat down and jams it back to Dhoni
15.4
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, no run, good length ball outside off, Pooran knocks it straight to cover
15.3
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Ambris back cuts it to third man
15.2
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, FOUR, first boundary for Ambris. Tells you how disciplined India have been to him. Pandya provides room outside off, Ambris drives it square past the point fielder and the timing is such that even a full length dive from Vijay near the point boundary is not enough to stop the ball from reaching the fence
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, 1 run, back of a length around off, punched to mid-off and Pooran sets off for a quick single, Kuldeep attacks the ball and even hits the stumps at the bowler's end, but Pooran had made it in and umpire Illingworth doesn't even bother to go upstairs
14.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, again a bit short and Pooran cracks it to sweeper cover
14.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, 1 run, slows it up and is on the shorter side, chopped away square of the wicket
14.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, touch quicker and on a fullish length, Pooran wrists it to long-on. Dhoni wants Kuldeep to bowl a bit slower
14.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, 1 run, spinning in, Ambris waits on the front foot and nurdles it backward of square leg
14.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, opens himself up to push the flighted delivery wide of cover, there was an acrobatic throw from Kohli but he was never causing any urgency for Pooran at the bowler's end
14.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, tossed up around off, Pooran drags the sweep off the under-edge to short fine
13.6
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, no run, bouncer just outside off, Ambris was on the back foot and thought about the pull, but saw the ball climbing on him and decided against. Brings his bat down and allows to sail past him
13.5
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, 2 runs, banged in halfway down and Ambris gets on top of the bounce, rolls his wrists and pulls it in front of square. Chahal runs around the boundary rope and keeps it down to a brace
13.4
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, no run, on a length and outside off, Ambris pats it on the head and directs it to point
13.3
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, no run, uhh! That would have plumb had Ambris not not an inside edge. The off-cutter breaks in and Ambris rooted to the crease gets some wood before the ball ricochets onto the pad. Pandya went up but quickly aborted from the appeal
13.2
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, no run, good length ball outside off, Ambris prods forward and drops it dead in front of cover
13.1
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, leg byes, 1 run
12.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, quicker and Pooran stays deep in the crease to force it to long-on
12.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, flatter in trajectory, Pooran is back and across to block it out
12.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, oh! Almost went past his defences. Plenty of loop on this delivery and it dips right in front of the crease, Pooran yorks himself and he brought the bat down in time to jam it out
12.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, no run, maintains a low base and drives the flighted delivery to cover
12.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, 1 run, turning into the pads and Ambris helps it along the way, just a single
12.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, nicely tossed up on off, Pooran presses forward and eases it to long-off
11.6
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, no run, slower delivery, on a fuller length around off. Ambris turns it gently to mid-wicket
11.5
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, 1 run, Pooran can't take toll of the free-hit delivery. Pandya nails it very full outside off, squeezed to sweeper cover
11.5
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, no ball, cross-seam full delivery outside off, Pooran goes for the flashy drive and misses it. Pandya errs and oversteps, so it's been called a no-ball
11.4
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, no run, shortish outside off, Pooran goes hard and punches it to point
11.3
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, 1 run, another top edge, this time much finer and it drops short of KJ again at fine leg, who jogs across to his right and tidies up. Pandya is not happy with the effort, reckons he should've been much quicker
11.2
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, 1 run, veering down leg, softly tucked to fine leg
11.1
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, 1 run, Ambris gets a top edge on the pull but escapes. It bounced more than he expected and Ambris miscues it, Kedar Jadhav from fine leg charges in, however it falls a couple of yards in front of him
10.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, 1 run, slower and around off, Ambris lunges across and tickles it away to fine leg
10.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, no run, floated up outside off, Ambris leans into a drive to mid-off
10.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 1 run, quicker outside off, Pooran jumps back and cuts it airly square past point
10.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Pooran, 2 runs, tossed up around off, Pooran gets low and sweeps it along the ground to the left of deep mid-wicket where Chahal mops it up
10.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, 1 run, drags it too short outside off, Ambris hangs back and drags it down to long-on
10.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Ambris, no run, flighted on off, Ambris crouches low and turns it to mid-wicket
9.6
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, 1 run, sticks to the leg-stump line, Ambris moves across and glances it away to fine leg
9.5
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, 1 run, drifting on leg, nurdled behind square on the leg-side
9.4
Hardik Pandya to Ambris, 1 run, length, on middle and leg. Tickled away to fine leg
9.3
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, 1 run, straying on leg-stump, picked away to fine leg
9.2
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, no run, shorter and just outside off, Pooran waits in his crease and quells it into the off-side
9.1
Hardik Pandya to Pooran, no run, bit of loosener from Pandya to start off with. Back of a length sligthly wide of off, Pooran goes hard at that and mistimes it to extra cover
8.6
Shami to Pooran, 1 run, fuller length, attacking the stumps. Pooran places it wide of mid-on and sprints across to the other end
8.5
Shami to Ambris, 1 run, short again from Shami, Ambris gets into a good position and rolls his wrists on the pull through square leg
8.4
Shami to Pooran, 1 run, banged in short without any purpose, Pooran gets inside the line and pulls it away to fine leg
8.3
Shami to Pooran, no run, 142kph, swinging back into the left-hander. Pooran gets onto the front foot and defends
8.2
Shami to Ambris, 1 run, solid back foot punch down the ground, Ambris calls for the single and hares across to the other end
8.1
Shami to Ambris, no run, fuller length, probing just outside off. Ambris presses forward and defends it
7.6
Bumrah to Pooran, no run, angling in, Pooran shuffles across and pushes it to mid-on
7.5
Bumrah to Pooran, no run, straight-batted push from Pooran, for no run
7.4
Bumrah to Pooran, no run, fullish and just outside off, Pooran pushes at that and gets an outside edge which rolls towards MS, who stops it on this occasion
7.3
Bumrah to Pooran, Byes, 4, rare blip from Dhoni but this fuller length creeped low and MS couldn't stop it. Pooran went for the drive away from his body and failed to connect it because of the lack of bounce
7.2
Bumrah to Pooran, no run, pacy low full toss, bunted with a straight bat back to the bowler
7.1
Bumrah to Ambris, 1 run, length delivery, tucked away behind square on the leg-side
6.6
Shami to Pooran, no run, goes round the wicket and wafts it full on off, Pooran gets his bat in the way and pushes it softly into the off-side
6.5
Shami to Shai Hope, out Bowled!! Tigerish response from Shami, comes back strongly after conceding that boundary with a beauty of a nip-backer which cut back in off the seam. Perfect delivery, in the driving zone and invited Hope, who obliged and paid the price. It scissored in dramatically to strike timber. Hope did't get fully forward and didn't cover for the movement. It deviated in a long way, beating his inside edge and knocks the off-stump. Shami is on a roll; West Indies have been rattled here  wkt (2-16) min (12m). Shai Hope b Shami 5(10) [4s-1]
6.4
Shami to Shai Hope, FOUR, this should get Hope going. Lovely punch from Hope, getting on top of the bounce and opening his bat face to cream it past a diving Vijay Shankar at point and pistols away to the fence
6.3
Shami to Shai Hope, no run, short just outside off. No swing whatsoever and Hope deals it from the crease, punching it to cover
6.2
Shami to Shai Hope, no run, 135kph, high-batted punch from the crease, straight to Vijay Shankar at point
6.1
Shami to Shai Hope, no run, shortish, lasering in towards Hope's tummy. Knocked softly to mid-on
5.6
Bumrah to Shai Hope, 1 run, very full outside off, Hope lowers his stance and dinks it to third man
5.5
Bumrah to Shai Hope, no run, good length, decking back into the right-hander. Hope hops back and across to defend it
5.4
Bumrah to Shai Hope, no run, Bumrah draws the edge but it doesn't carry to Virat Kohli at second slip. Fraction full, just outside off. Hope props half-forward and pushes at it tamely. Went with soft hands and hence, it died down quickly
5.3
Bumrah to Shai Hope, no run, jittery push from Hope, gets beaten all ends up. Pitched fuller and held its line after pitching outside off. Hope reaches out sans any feet and it missed the outside edge by a whisker
5.2
Bumrah to Ambris, 1 run, length, straighter and Ambris works it behind square
5.1
Bumrah to Ambris, no run, pacy low full toss and coming back in at the stumps, Ambris gets his bat in-line to evade the threat
4.6
Shami to Shai Hope, no run, spongy bounce on this short of length outside off, swerving away outside off. Hope doesn't fiddle at that
4.5
Shami to Gayle, out Caught by Kedar Jadhav!! This was on the cards. Gayle wasn't going to hold back for too long and Shami exploited his weakness and reaps reward. Bombarded it on a back of a length, cramping the batsman for pace and bounce. It kept getting big on Gayle but he still went for the cross-batted pull. Splices it up in the air and lobs up to Kedar Jadhav at mid-on. Early strike for India and Virat like always is animated with the breakthrough  wkt (1-10) min (22m). Gayle c Kedar Jadhav b Shami 6(19) [4s-1]
4.4
Shami to Gayle, no run, nasty delivery. Goes round the wicket and pounds it on a length, it kicks off rapidly after hitting the deck and Gayle does well not to flirt at that. Venomous bounce there for Shami
4.3
Shami to Ambris, 1 run, back-bender from Shami, getting it to rise awkwardly at Ambris's chest, who gets tucked up for space and pulls it half-heartedly to fine leg
4.2
Shami to Ambris, no run, cutting back into the right-hander, defensive pat back to the bowler
4.1
Shami to Ambris, no run, fuller length delivery which straightened a bit after pitching. Ambris gets committed too early, dragging it to square leg
3.6
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, fullish, threating the off-stump zone. Gayle gingerly gets half-forward and blocks
3.5
Bumrah to Ambris, 1 run, straighter line, Ambris closes his bat face and turns it to the leg-side - in front of square
3.4
Bumrah to Ambris, no run, loose drive from Ambris, nearly nicked it off. Bumrah pitches it up and lures the batsman into the drive. Ambris goes chasing away from his body and gets beaten on the outside edge
3.3
Bumrah to Gayle, 1 run, tilts his bat across and drops it in front of cover, Gayle charges across to the other end
3.2
Bumrah to Gayle, no run
3.2
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, wanted to withdraw from the stroke, but it was too late. It was a good length delivery that slightly nipped back in, Gayle hurriedly pokes it to point
3.1
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, fuller length, taking it away from the left-hander. Gayle defends it from the crease
2.6
Shami to Gayle, 1 run, snaking back into the left-hander, tucked away to fine leg
2.5
Shami to Gayle, no run, very full just outside off, Gayle gets his bat down and squeezes it to cover
2.4
Shami to Ambris, 1 run, pushes Ambris onto the back foot with this short of length delivery outside off, guided away to third man
2.3
Shami to Ambris, no run, this one curves in with the angle, Ambris jabs at it and squirts it off the inner half to square leg
2.2
Shami to Ambris, no run, sharp, skiddy length delivery, Ambris is caught in the crease and fails to connect with the nudge. Gets hit on the thigh pad
2.1
Shami to Ambris, no run, oh, this indipper cuts Ambris in half. Back of a length and jagged back in rapidly, Ambris wasn't expecting it and gets undone by the inward movement as it beats the inside edge and goes over the stumps
1.6
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, moving away outside off, Gayle lifts his bat and lets it go
1.5
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, "Ahh Ahh" goes up Bumrah and Co. but shake of the head from the umpire. Was it doing too much? Did it pitch outside leg? Virat Kohli steps in, has a chat with the bowler and MSD, doesn't take the review. It was the joker of the pack: booming inswinger which dipped and stuns Gayle, who was clearing his front leg and it hits him on the boot. Outstanding nut from Bumrah, almost sneaked through the defences there.. Gayle is extremely lucky
1.4
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, away-seamer on a good length, there and thereabouts outside off. Left alone
1.3
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, hits the deck hard and angles it away from the left-hander. Appreciable movement and Gayle shoulders arms
1.2
Bumrah to Gayle, no run, slanting away outside off, testing Gayle, who opts to leave it
1.1
Bumrah to Ambris, 1 run, goodish length just outside off, Ambris is up and running with a steer to third man
0.6
Shami to Gayle, no run, curling away outside off, Gayle doesn't want to take any chances by poking his bat at that and decides to lift his bat. Fantastic start from Shami
0.5
Shami to Gayle, no run, shortish just outside off, Gayle standing tall crunches it sweetly but finds extra cover
0.4
Shami to Gayle, FOUR, how did that miss the stumps? Shami can't believe his luck and Gayle has a close shave. On a length and this one swung back in a little just outside off, Gayle feels for it with a tame push and ekes out an inside edge which goes temptingly past the off-stump en route to the fine leg fence
0.3
Shami to Gayle, no run, keeps it tight, the outswinger on a back of a length and moving away outside off. Gayle is not going to fall for the trap for now, lets it pass
0.2
Shami to Gayle, no run, encouraging carry for MS as this back of a length climbs up sharpy in the corridor just outside off. Good, watchful leave from Gayle
0.1
Shami to Gayle, no run, short of length and swinging away in the fourth stump channel, Gayle thought about reaching out for that before pulling his bat away from the line
Commentary
Gayle,Roach,Brathwaite,Holder,Ambris,Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal,Vijay Shankar,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
