49.6
Gulbadin Naib to Mosaddek Hossain, out Bowled!! Slower yorker and Mosaddek Hossain misses it trying to squeeze the ball out. But he has played his part. Wonderful cameo and has helped Bangladesh post in excess of 250. But on this occasion missed out on the slower ball wkt (7-262) min (34m). Mosaddek Hossain b Gulbadin Naib 35(24) [4s-4]
49.5
Gulbadin Naib to Saifuddin, 1 run, waits till eternity for the ball and slaps it down to long-off for a single
49.4
Gulbadin Naib to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, outside edge on a slower delivery and the ball is picked up by the man at short third. Single it is
49.3
Gulbadin Naib to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, slams the slower ball and powers it past the dive of the man at cover for a four. Superb hit
49.2
Gulbadin Naib to Saifuddin, 1 run, what was that? Comical! Dawlat from point tried to intervene and drops a dolly. That was sliced away and Asghar Afghan at point was in the reckoning to take it. But Dawlat intervened and ended up dropping it
49.1
Gulbadin Naib to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, fuller delivery right up there and has been blocked out into the off-side for a single
48.6
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been chipped away to long-off for a single
48.5
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, slower delivery right up there and Mosaddek Hossain clears his legs to slam the ball down the ground. Finds the man at mid-off
48.4
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 runs, short ball on the hips, pulled away and Mujeeb at long-on comes up with a clumsy effort. They run back for a brace. A direct hit would have had Mosaddek Hossain in trouble
48.3
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, out Caught by  Mohammad Nabi!! End of an excellent knock from him. He has been the difference between a 225 score and the score Bangladesh will end up with. Batted deep into the innings. That was full, Rahim backed away to lift it but ended up skying it for the man at cover to back track and take it. This wicket will make a difference of 5-10 runswkt (6-251) min (148m). Rahim c Mohammad Nabi b Zadran 83(87) [4s-4 6s-1]
48.2
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, pushes the yorker out to mid-off and they get a single
48.1
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, full toss! Poor delivery as he missed the yorker. Mosaddek Hossain backed away and creamed it past cover.  Mohammad Nabi at cover dived to his right but the ball was few inches away from him
47.6
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, knocks the ball away into the green pastures on the on-side and they get a single. Wanted a second but don't go through for it
47.5
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, backs away, the googly speared in and Mosaddek Hossain was beaten on the inside edge trying to drive it to long-off. He wasn't overbalancing and was safe in his crease
47.4
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, looks to reverse and misses. The extra bounce does him in
47.3
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, backs away and goes inside out! The batter connected well and ensured he got it well away from deep cover
47.2
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, shortish delivery and has been chopped out into the covers for a single
47.1
Rashid Khan to Rahim, FOUR, and the reverse hack comes out. Does well. Connects enough for the ball to lob over the man at short third for a four. Shahidi there flew but failed to get hands on it
46.6
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, looks to slog it across the line but misses out. Only an inside edge and the ball dies down on to the turf for a single to be stolen
46.5
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, slower delivery and it pops over the sticks. The batsman was trying to slam the cut and missed
46.4
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, short delivery outside off and Rahim misses the pull. Was too early into it
46.3
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, 3 runs, fuller delivery and has been slammed down the ground. That was biffed and the bowler trying to get a hand to it wasn't succesful
46.3
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, wide, looks to execute a slower ball and gets it well down leg. Wided
46.2
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, changes his length and bowls it right up there just outside off for the batter to miss it
46.1
Dawlat Zadran to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, short ball, sits up and pulled over mid-wicket for a four. Poor delivery from Dawlat Zadran and was put away by Mosaddek Hossain
45.6
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 2 runs, and plays the scoop! Innovative from Rahim. Does it well to get a brace. Played it over the keeper for the man at short third to haul it back
45.5
Rashid Khan to Rahim, no run, backs away and cuts it. Was a googly! Took it from the sticks and cut it to the man at point
45.4
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, drives the ball down to long-on for a single
45.3
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, looks to run it down and misses
45.2
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 runs, soft leading edge and the ball lands just short of the man at cover. The ball evades him and they get a brace
45.1
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 runs, wristy poke into the on-side and they get a couple. Excellent from the duo
44.6
Mujeeb to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, nurdles the ball off the pads and gets a single down to short fine leg. End of a spell which has kept Afghanistan in the game
44.5
Mujeeb to Rahim, 1 run, works the ball off the pads and gets it down to mid-wicket for a single
44.4
Mujeeb to Rahim, 2 runs, short ball, stabs the cut and another couple has been taken
44.3
Mujeeb to Rahim, 2 runs, run-out query! But Mosaddek Hossain seems to have made it despite the direct hit. That was cut away into the covers and Rahim decided to chance the deep fielder's arm. The fielder decided to attack the bowler's end and scored a direct hit. But Mosaddek Hossain had made it. Third umpire had one look and made the call
44.2
Mujeeb to Rahim, 2 runs, kneels down and reverses the ball over the man at short third man for a couple
44.1
Mujeeb to Rahim, no run, fuller and slower, pushed back to the bowler
43.6
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, loopy delivery outside off and has been blocked out into the off-side
43.5
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, that was a googly! Mosaddek Hossain pushed forward and missed the tuck. That hit him high on the pads and hence Rashid Khan didn't think of reviewing it. Was a huge appeal though. Umpire Richard Kettleborough has a word with the bowler after the appeal. Don't know about what
43.4
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, works the ball away off the pads and gets it down to long-on
43.3
Rashid Khan to Rahim, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side
43.2
Rashid Khan to Mosaddek Hossain, 3 runs, uses the pace of the ball and guides it away. That was a det touch.  Mohammad Nabi at short third dived over the ball. They get a triple
43.1
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, shuffles across and looks to scoop. Gets it off the toe-end of the blade and the man at short fine leg cuts it off
42.6
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, out Caught by  Mohammad Nabi!! The slower does the track. It was the same in the last game as well. Mahmudullah got too close to the ball I guess and the slower delivery also didn't help. Wanted to slam it across the line and neither could place it or time it. Easiest of catches for the man at mid-wicket. Huge wicket for Afghanistan wkt (5-207) min (52m). Mahmudullah c Nabi b Naib 27(38) [4s-2]
42.5
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, no run, lovely yorker! Mahmudullah charged out blind I guess and Gulbadin Naib nailed the yorker outside off to beat the bat
42.4
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, slower delivery, Rahim looks to wind up big but then stabs the ball out to third man for a single
42.3
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, 1 run, low full toss outside off and has been steered past the man at point
42.2
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, looks to pull, big fat top-edge but doesn't have enough wood on it. Lands well short of the man at long-on
42.1
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, 1 run, charges out and slices it out into the covers for a single
41.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, no run, loopy on leg-stump, flicked to the left of mid-wicket
41.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, 1 run, camps back and cuts the offbreak square on the off-side
41.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, flat and wide, Mahmudullah stabs it to the right of cover where Gulbadin Naib misfields to allow a couple of runs. 50 partnership's up
41.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, no run, quicker on the stumps, Mahmudullah jumps back and punches to the left of the bowler
41.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, no run, full on the pads, flicked straight to square leg
41.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, no run, flat outside off, Mahmudullah cuts but can't get it past backward point
40.6
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, no run, tapped to mid-wicket
40.5
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 2 runs, Mujeeb runs across from fine leg, loops it to Rashid and saves a boundary. Shortish this was, pulled across
40.4
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short ball but it comes on slowly, swivelled to fine leg
40.3
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, no run, on the front foot, taps it to point but there's no run
40.2
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, no run, slower delivery outside off, Mahmudullah is late on it. On the bounce to the keeper
40.1
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, FOUR, sliced through diving point fielder and that's a boundary. Lovely placement and timing, played late theresld
39.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, 1 run, another skidder that keeps low, a watchful tap on the head towards point for a quick single
39.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, no run, skids through on middle and leg, a hasty whip off the backfoot towards short fine leg
39.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, FOUR, drops it in his own half, and he's lifted it nonchalantly over the man at cover (inside the circle) to the deep extra cover fence for four
39.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, 1 run, turns back in again, carved away off a low stance square of the wicket for a single
39.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, 1 run, drops it short, absolutely slapped away towards sweeper cover for a single
39.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Mahmudullah, no run, goes straight on, defended off the outer half towards point
38.6
Rashid Khan to Rahim, FOUR, shuffles across, it's turning back in, Rahim goes for the lap-sweep, and it goes wide of the short fine leg fielder (to his left) to the fine leg fence for four - first four in 90 balls for B'desh!
38.5
Rashid Khan to Rahim, no run, on the boots, whipped away towards short midwicket
38.4
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, 1 run, turns away a little, punched with an angled bat behind point towards for a single
38.3
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, no run, turning away, good bounce, tries cutting, but it gets too big on him
38.2
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 3 runs, tossed up, outside off, a drag-sweep towards mid-wicket for a treble - fantastic running by a crippled Mahmudullah
38.1
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, 1 run, skids through outside off, carved way square of the wicket for a single
37.6
Mujeeb to Mahmudullah, 1 run, flatter and fuller, angling into off, whip-driven down towards long-on for a single
37.5
Mujeeb to Rahim, 1 run, turning back in on the hip, tucked off the backfoot in front of square leg for a single
37.5
Mujeeb to Rahim, wide, fired down leg, wide called
37.4
Mujeeb to Rahim, no run, skids through, no noticeable turn, defended into the off-side off the backfoot
37.3
Mujeeb to Mahmudullah, 1 run, tossed up, slows it down, full and straight, and that's pushed to cover for a quick single
37.2
Mujeeb to Mahmudullah, no run, tosed up full on off-stump, Mahmudullah lunges forward in defence
37.1
Mujeeb to Rahim, 1 run, tossed up full just outside off, driven away in front of point for a single
36.6
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, no width, driven hard to extra cover for a sharp single
36.5
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, angles the slower short one in, Rahim arches but it keeps following him, doesn't connect with the ramp - and that's through to Ikram Ali Khil
36.4
Dawlat Zadran to Mahmudullah, 1 run, good length delivery on off, tapped on the head behind point for a single
36.3
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, steered away with an open face towards third man for a single
36.2
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, SIX, out of nowhere! Dances down the wicket, with the Misbah-esque element of surprise, and smokes it through the line over long-on for six. That's also the fifty for Rahim!
36.1
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, back of a length delivery on leg, Rahim misses the glance, struck high on the pads
35.6
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, no run, turning away, massive overspin component helped perhaps by a hard part of the wicket, turns away and beats a stunned Mahmudullah on the backfoot defence
35.5
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, no run, angling in, straightening from a good length, Mahmudullah get forward and deadbats
35.4
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, no run, a bit of flight, on a tempting length, Mahmudullah lunges forward in defence
35.3
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, a bit of turn back in, staying low, Rahim sinks even lower and carved it away behind point for a single
35.2
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, 1 run, dropped short with a grunt and half a whine, slapped away off the backfoot square of the wicket for a single
35.1
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, no run, turns back in, some good bounce, punched off the backfoot to the bowler
34.6
Dawlat Zadran to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short and outside off, a shuffly whipped pull in front of deep square leg for a single
34.5
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, short of length delivery with marginal width, an open face and a late steer down to third man for a single
34.4
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, back of a length delivery on middle and off, he's on his toes and taps it into the off-side
34.3
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, skids through outside off, Rahim tries wristing a square drive away, get a thick inside edge onto the pads
34.2
Dawlat Zadran to Mahmudullah, 1 run, angling in and straightening off the seam, poked away towards point, a throw at the striker's end, and an overthrow to fine leg
34.1
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, half-volley on the legs, whipped away towards deep square leg for a single
33.6
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, a tad short, tucked off the backfoot towards backward square leg for a single - and Mahmudullah is almost limping across
33.5
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, 1 run, shortish on the hip, tucked off the backfoot towards midwicket for a single
33.4
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, no run, turns back in, steered beside the slip with an open face - goes to short third man
33.3
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, full and outside off, a forward press and a drive down to long-off by Rahim
33.2
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, 1 run, turns away, nice length but it holds up, carved away towards sweeper cover for a single
33.1
Rashid Khan to Mahmudullah, no run, overspinner, shortish, but no width, defended into the off-side
32.6
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, no run, a bit of shape back in from a good length, Rahim defends off the backfoot
32.5
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, no run, fullish and wide, a wristy drive to point
32.4
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, 1 run, shortish and wide, skidding, chopped away to third man for a single
32.3
Gulbadin Naib to Mahmudullah, no run, nice shape away from the corridor of uncertainty, seaming away from a back of a length, an expansive drive attempted by Mahmudullah, and he's beaten on the outside edge
32.2
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, an open-faced run-down to backward point for a single
32.1
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, no run, fuller length delivery, drilled back to the bowler
31.6
Mujeeb to Soumya Sarkar, out Lbw! This looks out! An LBW, Soumya Sarkar misses the flick again, struck in front, and the umpire takes a while to rule that out. The carom ball from round the wicket, so it might be turning past leg-stump. But first, bat? Nope, no bat (although UltraEdge hasn't been made available). Turning in, and that's clipping leg-stump! Umpire's call, and Soumya Sarkar has to go! Review retained, though wkt (4-151) min (13m). Soumya Sarkar lbw b Mujeeb 3(10)
31.5
Mujeeb to Soumya Sarkar, no run, turns away, the finger googly, past the leading edge of a flicking Soumya Sarkar
31.4
Mujeeb to Rahim, 1 run, tossed up, very full outside off, whipped away to long-on for a single
31.3
Mujeeb to Rahim, 2 runs, drops it short, pulls it just over a leaping short midwicket for a couple to cow corner
31.2
Mujeeb to Rahim, no run, skids through from a length, tucked away behind square leg
31.1
Mujeeb to Rahim, no run, tossed up on leg and middle, nudged back to the bowler
30.6
Gulbadin Naib to Soumya Sarkar, 2 runs, back of a length delivery with a bit of width, poked away to third man, they come back for the second - the 'keeper breaks the stumps but Soumya Sarkar is just in.
30.5
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, a transfer-of-weight drive towards sweeper cover for a single
30.4
Gulbadin Naib to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, POSSIBLY A RUN-OUT! Looks like it! Nudges a short of length delivery towards wide mid-on, runs across, a throw at the non-striker's end, hits the stumps before he's in but the bails light up much later. NOT OUT is the call by third umpire Aleem Dar. Just a single to mid-on in the end...
30.3
Gulbadin Naib to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length delivery angling in from round the wicket, defended confidently off the backfoot
30.2
Gulbadin Naib to Soumya Sarkar, no run, good length delivery outside off, Soumya Sarkar leans into a drive to cover
30.1
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, shortish one outside off, on his toes and tapped on the head to square leg for a single
29.6
Mujeeb to Soumya Sarkar, no run, gets half-forward and clips it to mid-wicket
29.5
Mujeeb to Soumya Sarkar, no run, pushed back to the bowler, defensively
29.4
Mujeeb to Soumya Sarkar, no run, beaten neck and crop. Quick and skidding on outside off, Sarkar attempts a lazy drive and misses it
29.3
Mujeeb to Soumya Sarkar, no run, flighted on off, gets Sarkar forward, who kills it
29.2
Mujeeb to Shakib, out Lbw!! Can technology save Shakib second time? Oh, no he's walking after consulting Rahim, who perhaps felt it was better to not take the review for this lbw. Mujeeb strikes gold and inspiring bowling change this from Gulbadin Naib. Pushes the carrom ball from round the wicket, Shakib's feet were stuck in the crease and he didn't expect it to tilt back into him. Gets struck around the knee-roll in front of middle, was it going down leg? Only HawkEye can confirm that. Mujeeb was convinced, so was umpire Richard Kettleborough. Big wicket for Afghanistan wkt (3-143) min (99m). Shakib lbw b Mujeeb 51(69) [4s-1]
29.1
Mujeeb to Rahim, 1 run, flicks it off his hand quicker, whisked quietly to square leg
28.6
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, bowls the leg-cutter to Shakib too, who twirls his wrists on the nudge but can't find the gap. Hits it straight to mid-wicket
28.5
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, leg-cutter, subtle change of pace and Rahim picks it away to deep mid-wicket
28.4
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, no run, shortish outside off, Rahim cuts it to point and wears a disappointment on his face to not find the gap
28.3
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 1 run, he's keeping it up at the stumps, Shakib meets it with a fluent driven to long-on
28.2
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, oh, this one jerked back in sharply to cramp the batsman. Rahim tries to squeeze it and squirts an inside edge to the on-side. That nearly sneaked through defences. Gulbadin Naib knows it and has his hands on his head
28.1
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, no run, very full outside off, driven but finds cover
27.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, 1 run, scythed square past point
27.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, the wait is over and it's fifty for Shakib 'run machine' Hasan. It's his 45th ODI half-century and fifth 50-plus score of the tournament. He's making it a habit, isn't he? The question is can he convert it into a triple digit score today? We will see. It was the arm-ball from  Mohammad Nabi, Shakib thrusts his bat forward and inside-halves it to square leg. Bangladesh fans in the stands are elated and Shakib responds to their chants with a raise of the bat
27.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, 1 run, Rahim breaks the string of dots with a forward press to cover
27.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, no run, lasers at the stumps, flicked to mid-wicket
27.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, no run, quicker and straightens a bit, defended off the outer half back to the bowler
27.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, no run, 81kph, very well flighted outside off. Rahim stomps forward and blunts it out
26.6
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, annndd it's a maiden. Length, cutting back in and greeted with a solid push down the pitch
26.5
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, 5 dots in a row. Shakib is taking his time and he's in no hurry to get to his landmark. Back of a length outside off, punched to point
26.4
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, tidy line from Gulbadin Naib. Hurls the full delivery around off, knocked to mid-wicket
26.3
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, very full outside off, driven to mid-off
26.2
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, 122kph, plenty of width and Shakib's eyes light up as he jumps back and slashes it straight to point
26.1
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, pitched up outside off, Shakib walks into a feeble push to mid-off
25.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, no run, there's the joker of the pack from  Mohammad Nabi. Unleashes the armer, Rahim read it nicely and blocks it off the inner half
25.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, no run, Rahim camps back and allows the ball to spin before dabbing it to short third man
25.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, presses forward and eases it through cover
25.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, flighted on middle, turned to square leg
25.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, 1 run, wristed through mid-wicket
25.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Rahim, 2 runs, Wow! Where did that come from? Amazing ball from  Mohammad Nabi. Tossed it outside off and gets it to spin back in savagely to dupe Rahim, who was pushing at it away from the body. It strikes him on the bottom of the glove and the keeper can't bend low to grab that. That was a close shave for Rahim
24.6
Gulbadin Naib to Rahim, 1 run, glanced away to fine leg and that brings the 50-run partnership between the duo
24.5
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 1 run, sticks to straightish line, straight-batted knock to long-on
24.4
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 2 runs, two's galore in this over. Full delivery on the pads, whipped through square leg and Shakib snatches the second
24.3
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 2 runs, blasted straight down the ground and Shakib gets two
24.2
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, no run, cut straight to point
24.1
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 2 runs, produces an outside edge but it runs away along the ground to third man. Shakib was hesitant on the prod and didn't cover the line of the ball
23.6
Rahmat to Rahim, FOUR, Rahim is an expert at bisecting gaps and here's an instance. Stretches forward, picks the top-spinner and rolls his wrists to place the slog-sweep all along ground and in the gap at deep mid-wicket
23.5
Rahmat to Rahim, no run, Rahim comes onto the front to smother this leggie that was pitched on off
23.4
Rahmat to Shakib, 1 run, 82kph, turning away outside off. Shakib breaks free and forces it to cover
23.3
Rahmat to Rahim, 1 run, poor first three balls from Rahmat. Is he still warming up? Another half-tracker, Rahim skips back and pulls it along the ground to deep square leg
23.2
Rahmat to Rahim, no run, slower but drags it short, Rahim remains back and gently tucks it to short fine leg
23.1
Rahmat to Shakib, 1 run, loosener to start with, short and outside off. Cracked away to sweeper cover
22.6
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 2 runs, jumps back and across his crease, laces the cut behind point
22.5
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, FOUR, "Another day it would've gone straight up, but not today," says Harsha Bhogle on air. Lovely short delivery from Zadran that hurries Rahim for pace, but he still went for the pull and gets a top-edge that flies over the keeper
22.4
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, back of a length and curling away outside off, Rahim throws his bat and gets nowhere close to it
22.3
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, 1 run, where was Shakib going? Rahim had already put his hand up against pinching the second. Luckily, Shakib spots it early and gets back in his crease. Punched square on the off-side, there was no chance of second there
22.2
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, 2 runs, Shakib unfurls his favourite cut. Times it superbly behind point and comes back for the second
22.1
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, too full and straight from Zadran, clipped daintily to the right of mid-on
21.6
Rashid Khan to Shakib, no run, spinning on middle and leg, Shakib podders across and tickles it to short fine leg
21.5
Rashid Khan to Shakib, no run, 94kph, overpitched by Rashid. Flicked straight to mid-wicket
21.4
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, wanted to drive it to long-off but it drifts away and skims the outer half to trickle past point
21.3
Rashid Khan to Rahim, no run, on the stumps, Rahim shows respect and defends
21.2
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 2 runs, Rahim is reading Rashid off the back foot mostly. Goes deep in his crease and cuts it past a gingerly backward point fielder to add two to the tally
21.1
Rashid Khan to Shakib, 1 run, strides forward and works it away to long-on
20.6
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, 1 run, Shakib reaches a milestone. 1000 runs for him in World Cups. Only player from Bangaldesh to tick off 1k runs. What a tournament he's having with the bat. Pacy full delivery on leg, picked away to deep square leg
20.5
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, no run, wry smile from Zadran after foxing Shakib with a off-cutter that grips and cuts away sharply. Shakib was lazily fishing at that and gets beaten on the outside edge. It goes on the bounce to the keeper
20.5
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, wide, overcooks the bumper. In fact, overburns it. It soars over the batsman's head and the umpire Michael Gough spreads his arms
20.4
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, some movement for Zadran. Fuller ball straightens after pitching and squares up Rahim, who was caught in the crease. Iffy grope and it dribbles away off the outer half to third man
20.3
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 2 runs, Rahim is a busy player. He will explore the gaps at will. This short delivery sits up emphatically for the batsman and Rahim plays the short-pull towards mid-wicket, yawning gap and easy two
20.2
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, 1 run, sliding on leg-stump, tucked away to fine leg
20.1
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, 2 runs, sloppy stuff from Mujeeb and Afghanistan. There was no need to throw because Shakib was comfortably in but Mujeeb doesn't realize it and fires a throw at the bowler's end and concedes an overthrow, nobody backing up as well. It was a firm push from Shakib towards mid-off, ended up getting two runs
19.6
Rashid Khan to Shakib, 1 run, full on the pads, flicked away to deep square
19.5
Rashid Khan to Shakib, no run, flat outside off stump, cut away straight to backward point
19.4
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, crouches and drops the ball in the gap between backward point and cover, a quick single follows
19.3
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 2 runs, waits for the quicker legbreak to arrive and late-dabs it past the diving right hand of first slip. Smartly played!
19.2
Rashid Khan to Shakib, 1 run, faster and fuller around off, Shakib places the on-drive through mid-wicket
19.1
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, pitches it too full outside off, Rahim biffs the drive to long-off
18.6
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, 2 runs, deft touch from Shakib! Hangs back and opens the bat face at the last possible instant to run the ball fine of third man. Asghar Afghan puts in a splendid dive to his right and flicks the ball back inches inside the rope, saved two there
18.6
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, wide, dug in short at 133ks down leg and will need a reload
18.5
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, no run, 136ks fullish and slanting away outside off, Shakib opens the face and checks the drive in front of backward point
18.4
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, no run, full on off, driven firmly to mid-on
18.3
Dawlat Zadran to Shakib, no run, 133ks good length around off, Shakib stays deep inside the crease and drops it dead near his feet
18.2
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, 1 run, 131ks length delivery outside off, Rahim gets across and lifts the drive past backward point
18.1
Dawlat Zadran to Rahim, no run, full and swinging away outside off, Rahim shuffles across and tries to waft it over cover, no dice
17.6
Rashid Khan to Rahim, 1 run, driven away through covers and Rahim is off the mark with a single
17.5
Rashid Khan to Rahim, no run, flat outside off, Rahim jabs the defence in front of cover
17.4
Rashid Khan to Rahim, no run, flighted around off, Rahim prods forward in defence
17.3
Rashid Khan to Rahim, no run, spinning away outside off from a length, Rahim lets it pass
17.2
Rashid Khan to Shakib, 1 run, googly on middle, Shakib hurries back and works it to mid-wicket
17.2
Rashid Khan to Shakib, wide, leggie, spins past the flicking blade
17.1
Rashid Khan to Shakib, no run, Bangladesh review: Fair delivery. Doesn't look like any bat involved, UltraEdge confirms the same. Missing the stumps on hitting and therefore, the onfield verdict will be reversed. Not out. This looked dead to the naked eye, and technology - like it most often does - finds a way to prove us wrong. The quicker delivery from Rashid Khan, bowled it around the pads and beat the inside edge on the forward defence. Shakib's review was more in hope and I'm sure he would be massively relieved after the final verdict
16.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, out Bowled!! Excellent comeback from  Mohammad Nabi. As most coaches would say - 'HIT THE TOP OF OFF'. He's done exactly that. Denied the pace and bowled it with a slight round-arm action from wide of the crease, Tamim's adrenaline rush doesn't allow him to settle for the lack of pace and he loses his off-stump with an ill-timed punch-drive. Past the inside edge and bangggg goes the top of off wkt (2-82) min (62m). Tamim b Mohammad Nabi 36(53) [4s-4]
16.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, FOUR, poor delivery from  Mohammad Nabi and Tamim takes full toll of it. Just darted in with the angle sans any spin and Tamim rocks back instantly to muscle the pull through mid-wicket
16.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, drifting in with the arm, Tamim gets forward and nurdles to short mid-wicket
16.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, 81ks flat outside off, punched straight to cover
16.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, hint of extra bounce around off-stump, Shakib jumps back and slaps it wide of mid-off
16.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 1 run, slower and spinning away outside off, Tamim opens the face and punches a single in front of point
15.6
Rashid Khan to Tamim, 1 run, too full on off, driven crisply to the right of long-on
15.5
Rashid Khan to Tamim, no run, flicked to mid-wicket
15.4
Rashid Khan to Tamim, no run, another googly and Tamim fails to pick it, leans across to defend and gets beaten on top-edge outside edge
15.3
Rashid Khan to Tamim, no run, quicker googly outside off, Tamim goes back and across to present a straight bat
15.2
Rashid Khan to Tamim, no run, full on middle and leg, Tamim strides forward and smothers into the leg-side
15.1
Rashid Khan to Shakib, 1 run, legbreak on the pads, Shakib splices the flick towards square leg
14.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, yet again, opens the face against the quicker delivery and polishes it off to the right of backward point
14.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, slower and spinning away outside off, Tamim opens the face and taps to point
14.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, forward and blocked
14.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, fuller on off-stump, nudged away wide of square leg
14.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, throws it up full and wide of off, Shakib toe-ends the drive to the right of cover
14.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, slider at the stumps, Shakib bends forward in defence
13.6
Gulbadin Naib to Tamim, FOUR, too short and too slow! Tamim had enough time to jump back and maul the pull through mid-wicket, no-one in the deep and the ball has enough legs to travel to the fence
13.5
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 1 run, 127ks fuller on off, Shakib shuffles across and whips it off his pads through square leg
13.4
Gulbadin Naib to Tamim, 1 run, 128ks, hint of width outside off, Tamim sits back and guides it fine of third man
13.3
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 1 run, 123ks dug in short outside off, pulled away to the right of deep square
13.2
Gulbadin Naib to Tamim, 1 run, opens the face and glides this to the left of short third
13.1
Gulbadin Naib to Tamim, FOUR, signs of intent from Tamim! Runs down the pitch, doesn't get too close to the 125ks fullish delivery, but manages to clonk the ball firm and straight past mid-on
12.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, floats it up outside Shakib's off-stump, a check drive to backward point
12.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 2 runs, exceptionally played by Shakib! A slider seeking his middle pole, but he goes deep inside the crease to create the desired width and late cuts it past backward point
12.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 1 run, drifting in with the arm, Tamim stays on the back foot and whips a drive through mid-wicket
12.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, fuller and wider of off, Shakib lunges across and drives to long-off
12.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, spinning away from a length, Shakib stays on the back foot and toe-ends the cut to cover
12.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, full on middle, driven to mid-on
12.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, wide, offbreak, pitches outside off and spins away further, Shakib loses shape trying to smack that over cover. No dice
11.6
Gulbadin Naib to Tamim, no run, 125ks keeps it tight around fifth stump, Tamim opens the bat face and dabs gently with soft hands into the off-side
11.5
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 1 run, goes wide of the crease from round the wicket and targets the pads with a full length delivery, clipped away neatly behind square on the leg-side
11.4
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 2 runs, stays around the hip, Shakib gets inside the line and helps it down to fine leg for a couple of easy runs
11.3
Gulbadin Naib to Tamim, 1 run, gets a little too straight and has been nudged through mid-wicket for a single
11.2
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 1 run, in the air and safe! Shakib tries to work a length delivery into the leg-side, but there's no pace on the delivery and to aggravate matters, it grips and stops at the batsman. And therefore, skews a thick leading edge which flies through the vacant point region
11.1
Gulbadin Naib to Shakib, 2 runs, fullish at 123ks on the pads, easy pickings for Shakib who manages to flick it in the gap between deep square and fine leg
10.6
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, this one slides in towards off from a length, a firm punch back to the bowler
10.5
Mujeeb to Shakib, 1 run, flat on fifth stump, punched down to long-on
10.4
Mujeeb to Tamim, 1 run, floated up wide of off, eased away to long-on
10.3
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, quicker around off, Tamim stays back and negotiates it into the off-side
10.2
Mujeeb to Tamim, 2 runs, full and dips in front of off pole, Tamim brings his bat down at a straighter angle and works the drive wide of mid-on
10.1
Mujeeb to Shakib, 1 run, full on off, Shakib extends his stride and drives in front of mid-off for a quick single
9.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 2 runs, sloppy fielding again! Was a nice loopy off break to begin with, Tamim mistimed the drive back towards  Mohammad Nabi who got a hand on it but couldn't stop it clean. The batsmen sneaked the single sharply, even as the throw from short mid-wicket at the bowler's end missed its mark terribly. Extra run taken
9.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, slower and fuller outside off, punch-driven towards wide long-off
9.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, FOUR, smashed away past backward point! Shakib has been trying for this shot from ball one and finally gets one away. Backed away and got the desired line/length as well, clobbered the cut through backward point and short third man
9.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 1 run, flatter once more with no room at all, Tamim punches it past short mid-wicket towards mid-on
9.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, flatter and arrowing in around off, Tamim gets his bat down in time to defend. Off the inside edge to mid-wicket
9.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, flighted up on off stump, Shakib drives it away down to long-off
8.6
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, pushed through quicker on off stump, Tamim sits on the defence
8.6
Mujeeb to Tamim, wide, loads of in-drift from Mujeeb but this is erratic and slips well down the leg-side
8.5
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, slightly short and Tamim wanted to dispatch it with a pull. Hung back for the shot but could only cue-end it to mid-wicket
8.4
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, Mujeeb continues to plug away on that good length, around off stump and Tamim is forced to defend
8.3
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, fractionally shorter this time, Tamim sits back and blocks to mid-wicket
8.2
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, fuller this time, straighter as well, Tamim flicks but finds square leg who is in the ring
8.1
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, on the shorter side outside off, Tamim shuffles across on the back foot and punches to mid-wicket
7.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, Shakib is looking a bit edgy out there. Once again tries to make room but  Mohammad Nabi ain't giving him any. Follows the batsman with a round-armish dart and the southpaw is struck on the pad after missing the back foot flick
7.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 1 run, fires it on leg stump, Tamim camps back and dabs it towards mid-wicket
7.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, the tempting toss up from  Mohammad Nabi, Shakib checks the drive down to long-off
7.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, slower and on off stump, punched off the back foot towards cover
7.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, Shakib continues to back away to make room but  Mohammad Nabi cleverly follows him with the slider. Blocked softly
7.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 1 run, slower and on a good length on off stump, worked off the back foot towards square leg
6.6
Mujeeb to Shakib, no run, pushed through quicker, Shakib makes room for the back foot punch but no timing on the shot at all. Picks out cover
6.5
Mujeeb to Shakib, no run, flatter and very full this time, dug out towards the mid-on region
6.4
Mujeeb to Tamim, 1 run, quicker and sliding into Tamim who works it towards mid-wicket
6.3
Mujeeb to Shakib, 1 run, had to hurry! A better throw and Tamim could have been in a bit of trouble. Shakib punched this in front of cover and prompted his partner for the single that was always dicey. Shenwari's throw is a bit high and that saves Tamim in the end
6.2
Mujeeb to Shakib, no run, darted in on a good length, Shakib tucks it towards short mid-wicket
6.1
Mujeeb to Tamim, 1 run, floated onto the pads and it's flicked away towards deep square leg. They run the first one hard but eventually decide against the second
5.6
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, no run, stays leg-side of the ball in a bid to punch square through the off-side but can't beat the man at point
5.5
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 1 run, flatter and angling into Tamim who sits back and punches through square leg
5.4
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, tossed up once more, on a good length this time and Tamim defends firmly to point
5.3
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, no run, drifting in from around middle and leg, Tamim's forward defence squirts an inside edge to square leg
5.2
 Mohammad Nabi to Shakib, 1 run, starts with a shorter length and Shakib punches it away down to long-off
5.1
 Mohammad Nabi to Tamim, 1 run, flatter and on leg stump, worked away to deep mid-wicket
4.6
Mujeeb to Tamim, 1 run, flatter one on leg stump, worked off the back foot to deep mid-wicket
4.5
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, fuller and outside off, Tamim leans into the forward defence with a good stride
4.4
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, bounces extra from a good length and Tamim hangs back to ride it somehow with a fend to mid-wicket
4.3
Mujeeb to Shakib, 1 run, slightly uppish again but well wide of Mujeeb and down to long-on. Drove this aerially without much control
4.2
Mujeeb to Liton Das, out Caught by Shahidi!! Mujeeb draws first blood! The fuller length was troubling batsman and it was only a matter of time before a wicket fell to this kind of a ball. Mujeeb floated it up, was the carrom ball and Das couldn't resist the drive. Couldn't keep it down either and Shahidi at cover took a good low catch. The umpires weren't sure and wanted to confirm it upstairs. With the soft signal being out, the replays had to get something conclusive for the original call to be reversed. That wasn't the case and Das had to go wkt (1-23) min (20m). Liton Das c Shahidi b Mujeeb 16(17) [4s-2]
4.1
Mujeeb to Liton Das, no run, drifting in from outside off, blocked nicely off the back foot onto the pitch
3.6
Dawlat Zadran to Tamim, no run, beats the edge this time! Pitched up again, closer to the off pole and Tamim lazily attempts a drive away from the body
3.5
Dawlat Zadran to Tamim, FOUR, just wide of a diving mid-off! He dives to his right but it evades him and speeds away to the fence. Another fuller length ball that's proven a bit tough to stroke. Tamim wanted to drive on the up but doesn't seem like the track to try this sort of heroics. Lucky that it didn't go to hand
3.4
Dawlat Zadran to Tamim, no run, the hard length with no room at all, Tamim sits back and defends softly to cover-point
3.3
Dawlat Zadran to Tamim, no run, fuller and straighter, driven firmly towards the man at mid-on
3.2
Dawlat Zadran to Tamim, no run, slanting away from a good length on off stump, Tamim stays back and defends
3.1
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, 3 runs, beautifully played! Overpitched around middle and leg, Das didn't go across the line as instead opted for a straight-batted drive through mid-wicket. It's chased down just inside the ropes
2.6
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, angles the slider around off, the length continues to be a touch shorter than ideal. Punched down to long-on
2.5
Mujeeb to Tamim, 1 run, thickish inside edge towards square leg! This was on a good length and Tamim wasn't decisive in his footwork as he tried to punch it. Gets a single
2.4
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, more flight, draws Tamim forward and the southpaw defends solidly
2.3
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, slower and shorter on off stump, worked off the back foot down to long-on
2.2
Mujeeb to Liton Das, no run, quicker one this time, closer to off and Das keeps it out
2.1
Mujeeb to Liton Das, no run, fuller and outside off, Das leans forward and blocks it with a nice stride
1.6
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, 1 run, gets this to bounce a bit extra from a good length, Das rides it with a steer down to third man
1.5
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, back of a length outside off, watchfully left alone by Das
1.4
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, just short of mid-on!! Need to be careful when driving on a sluggish pitch. Das realized this probably as he went for the shot and then checked it at the last moment. Spooned it almost to the fielder
1.3
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, FOUR, sublime stuff! Das is a pleasing strokemaker and when he gets going, it's a visual treat. This was fractionally short from Dawlat and he gave a bit of width as well, Das climbed into the back foot punch. Hit on the up and through the gap at point. The fielder gave a long chase but it teasingly beat him to the fence
1.2
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, shortish and on leg stump, blocked off the back foot to short mid-wicket
1.1
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, hint of outward shape to begin with, on a length and Das resists the temptation to play at it
0.6
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, extra bounce! Early signs that this could be a tough surface to bat on. Was a good length delivery that Tamim wanted to work across the line but the ball just reared up a touch to rap him on the thigh
0.5
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, looped up nicely on middle and off, Tamim presses forward and blocks off the inside half
0.4
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, flatter one on middle and leg, Das hangs back and nudges it towards square leg
0.3
Mujeeb to Liton Das, no run, on the shorter side again, punched off the back foot to the off-side
0.2
Mujeeb to Liton Das, FOUR, fumble and it's a boundary! Cannot afford such fielding blips, especially on such a tricky surface. Das sat back nicely for the back foot punch and timed it well but Rahmat at point should have stopped it. Instead, he lets it through
0.2
Mujeeb to Tamim, wide, 2 wayward from Mujeeb, drifts this well down leg and it goes further down past a helpless Ikram Ali Khil. Short fine leg tidies up
0.1
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, drifting in around middle and leg, punched off the back foot to long-on
Commnetary
Asghar Afghan,Nabi,Shinwari,Dawlat Zadran,Naib,Shahidi,Dawlat Zadran,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
Mashrafe Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Soumya Sarkar,Liton Das,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
