49.6
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, fumble at long-on and they settle for a duo of runs. That was fuller as it followed the batsman. Dhananjayade Silva lifted the ball over the bowler's head for the man at long-on to get behind it. Pandya fumbled a bit and that allowed the second to be taken easily
49.5
Bhuvneshwar to Udana, 1 run, slower leg-cutter and has been slogged across the line to find the man at long-on. Only a single
49.4
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, up there and has been dug out to cover for a single. Only 61 runs so far in the last 9.4 overs. India have been robotic in their plans at the death
49.3
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, loopy short ball, says Sanjay Manjrekar on air and Dhananjayade Silva looking to reverse scoop, misses it
49.2
Bhuvneshwar to Perera, out Caught by Hardik Pandya!! India's 'I can do it all' man takes the catch. Whatta catch that too. Length and slower, Perera toe-ended the slog and the man at long-off - Pandya - had to scamper in and put in the dive. He did so and took it inches above the ground. One of the better catches of the tournament for sure wkt (7-260) min (8m). Perera c Hardik Pandya b Bhuvneshwar 2(3)
49.2
Bhuvneshwar to Perera, wide, too wide outside off and has been wided again. Perera was backing away and Bhuvneshwar had the right idea
49.2
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, wide, 2, slips the ball down leg and MS dives to stop it. The momentum of the dive ensures he tumbles and the batters take the chance to take a single. Two wides as that touched nothing on the way to the keeper after Bhuvneshwar slipped it down leg
49.1
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, and Bhuvneshwar does a Bumrah here. In to the blockhole. Dhananjayade Silva fails to get it off the square. Only jams it out into the deck. Wanted a single but fails to
48.6
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, 10-2-37-3. These figures worth their weight in gold. That was a low full toss to end. The batter preempted a yorker may be and failed to get under it properly. Mistimed to deep mid for a single
48.5
Bumrah to Perera, 1 run, brilliant death bowling. Again right at the base of the sticks and has been guided out into the off-side for a single
48.4
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, right up there! Play that says Bumrah. Dhananjayade Silva backs away and jams the ball past the bowler for a single
48.3
Bumrah to Perera, 1 run, low full toss and has been patted down to long-off for a single
48.2
Bumrah to Mathews, out Caught by Rohit!! And Mathews's vigil ends. That was a fuller delivery, Mathews backed away and drilled it only to find the man at cover. Good catch from Rohit as well as that was travelling. Has been a fantastic knock from the former skipper. Steadied the ship and then motored along as well wkt (6-253) min (157m). Mathews c Rohit b Bumrah 113(128) [4s-10 6s-2]
48.1
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, leg byes, 1 run, slower delivery outside off and Dhananjayade Silva walked across his sticks to heave it away. Fails to connect and the ball bobbles away off the pads into the off-side
47.6
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, follows the batter with a short ball and the mistimed pull finds its way to the man at deep square for a single
47.5
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, 1 run, backs away, exposes his sticks and scoops the ball out into the covers for a single
47.4
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, slower, short ball and the pull mistimed away to deep fine for a single
47.3
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, 1 run, good comeback from Bhuvneshwar. Nails the yorker and Mathews digs the ball out into the off-side for a single
47.2
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, FOUR, short, wide, Mathews drags the pull away and gets it down between deep mid and deep long-on for a four. There was pace on it and that helped
47.1
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, no run, bangs the ball short, Mathews walks across and looks to scoop but fails to make connection. Good thinking from Bhuvneshwar
46.6
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, quick full toss at the body, low enough to be a legal delivery and has been flogged across the line to long-on for a single
46.5
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, fuller again, Dhananjayade Silva backs away and steers it but fails to beat the man at short third man. Only a single
46.4
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, and that was an inch perfect yorker outside off! The ball greases the bottom of the bat as it scoots along for the keeper to do well to stop it. Was delivered at 140kph
46.3
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, flogs the length delivery and has been picked up by the man at long-off. Was another slower delivery and Mathews couldn't lend any power into the shot
46.2
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, slower delivery outside off and Mathews slashed it but failed to place it. Finds the man at point. Picked the slower delivery but failed to get it past Pandya
46.1
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, and Bumrah picking his weapons well. Falls back on the yorker and has been dug out to long-on for a single
45.6
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, short ball, gets big on the batter who mistimes the pull. The ball lands well short of the man at deep square and they get a single before he hurls the ball back
45.5
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, and inside edges the ball to the keeper. Slower ball and Dhananjayade Silva tried to dab it but couldn't get enough bat on it. Lets out a huge cry of anguish be known
45.4
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, and Dhananjayade Silva tries something fancy. Looks to reverse hack it and misses. Was a length delivery outside off
45.3
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, that was on the pads! Easy pickings for Dhananjayade Silva. Pacy delivery and Dhananjayade Silva clipped the ball away uppishly to send it between deep square and deep mid for a four. That was a seam up delivery and Dhananjayade Silva had the pace to work with
45.2
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, length delivery cramps the batter for room and Mathews backed away to tuck the ball away around the corner. Hardik Pandya did well to follow the batter
45.1
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, Hardik Pandya takes a leaf out of Bhuvi's book. Length delivery bowled slower and wider, Dhananjayade Silva drags the ball down to cover for a single. No pace and hence no timing on it
44.6
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, and his plan continues to work. Length, wide and slower. Dhananjayade Silva looks to lift the ball over cover but doesn't get any pace on it. Just a scoop over the man at cover for a single
44.5
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, 1 run, full and wide, mistimes the drive down to long-off for a single. Excellent over so far
44.4
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, length delivery speared in wide. Driven off the bottom end of the bat to cover for a single
44.3
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, 1 run, slower and short ball. The slower balls have been so much in fashion. Mathews gets into position and pulls the ball down to deep mid. Only a single
44.2
Bhuvneshwar to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, short, wide, but all the pace was taken off. Dhananjayade Silva had a big swing of the bat and the man at deep cover picks it up. Slashed it was but straight to the fielder
44.1
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, 1 run, length, slower, wider and has been just patted out to deep cover for a single
43.6
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, treks back and tucks it behind square for a single
43.5
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, FOUR, and that's four! Hundred for the big man! His third in ODIs and all of them have come against India. That was short, he had truck loads of time to upper cut it and he did so emphatically. Takes his helmet off and soaks in all the applause
43.4
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, and bowls another short ball. Slower as well. Mathews wants a wide but doesn't get it. Free-hit missed
43.4
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no ball, India as a collective unit have been shoddy. Slower, short ball and Mathews misses the stab outside off. Hardik Pandya has bowled a huge no-ball. That was over the line by a light-year!
43.3
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, and tucked away fine! The man at fine leg does well to stop it to his left
43.2
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, fails to pierce the gap this time as the man behind square picks the ball up
43.1
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, FOUR, short ball, bad ball! Mathews stays behind and pulls the ball behind square for a four. Bisected the ball really well
42.6
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, highish full toss and has been knocked out into the on-side for a single. Picked the high ball late
42.5
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, right up there! Dug out back to the bowler
42.4
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, guides the ball away to deep third man for a single. Slower delivery outside off and Dhananjayade Silva waited on it to steer it away for a single
42.3
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, a yorker previous delivery and a skiddy short ball now. Dhananjayade Silva is up against it. Got into a bad position as he was late to pick the length. Inside edges the pull on to his body
42.2
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, jams the yorker down! Excellent from the metronomical Bumrah. He can bowl a yorker when he is asleep I feel. That's so natural to him
42.1
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, length delivery and it angles in to take the inner half of the bat. The ball dribbles behind square for a single
41.6
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, slower delivery and Dhananjayade Silva jumps down the track. Fails to control the stab and the ball bounces a couple of times before going to the keeper
41.5
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, short again, pulled away to deep square leg for a single
41.4
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, Byes, 4, he has had some of these in the tourney! That went through him. India have been poor. 4 more byes added to the keeper's tally. That was angled across, slower delivery and it spun late to catch Dhoni off guard. Should have been stopped. Mathews wanted a wide out of that but doesn't get it
41.3
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, fuller delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
41.2
Hardik Pandya to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, drags the ball short, not a slower one and Dhananjayade Silva was able to get hold of the pull. The man at deep square cuts it off
41.1
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, starts with a length delivery on the pads and has been tucked away to deep mid for a single. Content with a single
40.6
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, slower delivery nipping in off the deck as Bumrah rolled his fingers over the ball. Dhananjayade Silva closed the face of the bat and nudged it around. No run there as the man at mid-wicket cut it off
40.5
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, squeezes the yorker out into the off-side and sets off for a single. Easily done
40.4
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, length delivery and has been fended out into the deck
40.4
Bumrah to Mathews, wide, and has been wided. Bumrah resorts to a bumper and Mathews sat under it. The square leg umpire reckoned it was too high
40.3
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, fuller ball just outside off and the bat face turns on impact as Dhananjayade Silva tried to drive it. The inner half of the bat took it away to mid-on for a single. All singles so far in this over
40.2
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, soft tuck off the pads as Mathews gazed the slower ball and turned it away into the on-side
40.1
Bumrah to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, back of a length on the hips, tucked away past the square leg umpire
39.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, FOUR, Mathews has certainly put his foot on the accelerator. This was not off the middle but he cleared the infield. The reverse sweep and Mathews got enough power to get it over short third man, Bhuvi runs behind it and makes a mess. He's having a forgettable day
39.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, this held up on the surface and de Silva chips it off the back foot, right between Kuldeep and mid-wicket
39.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, tossed up around off, Mathews bends down and laps it to fine leg
39.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, floated up outside off, de Silva with a stride forward eases it to sweeper cover
39.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, now the googly turning away outside off, de Silva has no clue as he has a waft and is beaten on the outside edge
39.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, de Silva premeditated the lap sweep and missed it completely, he's rapped on the pads but the impact was outside off. So no appeal from the Indians
38.6
Jadeja to Mathews, FOUR, Mathews has spoiled Jadeja's figures in the last two overs. This was short and bouncing up outside off, Mathews manages to get on top of it and cuts it behind point - right between two fielders. Jadeja finishes with, 10-0-40-1
38.5
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, quicker and fuller, Mathews pushes it firmly to cover
38.4
Jadeja to Mathews, SIX, oh no! Jadeja cannot believe this has gone for a six. Looked like long-on was in business but it cleared Bhuvi there. Drifting in and Mathews looks to heave it across the line, the leading edge has enough wood to clear the rope
38.3
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, that is brilliant bowling. Jadeja is troubling even a well-set batsman. Flighted up, drifted in and straightened past the prodding blade, the back foot was dragged out of the crease but Mathews had the presence of mind to make it back in. He just managed to beat Dhoni there
38.2
Jadeja to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, lands it fuller than he would have liked, driven away to long-off
38.1
Jadeja to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, quicker and on off-stump, de Silva stays back and bunts it into the off-side
37.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Dhananjayade Silva, 3 runs, nicely bowled. It was the wrong 'un and de Silva had no clue, he just pushed at it and the outside edge runs away past the slip fielder. Bhuvi gives chase and manages to reach it in time, saved a run
37.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, out Caught by Jadeja!! Kuldeep breaks the partnership. India needed this badly. The pair had gathered momentum and were looking to pile on the runs. Thirimanne runs down the wicket and and looks to go big, the ball dips and turns away to catch the outer half, balloons towards backward point and Jadeja takes the dolly. A fine innings from Thirimanne comes to an end. He has set up the platform for the lower order wkt (5-179) min (102m). Thirimanne c Jadeja b Kuldeep Yadav 53(68) [4s-4]
37.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, slower and spinning in, nurdled round the corner - to short fine leg
37.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, flatter and on the pads, flicked straight to the square leg fielder
37.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, turning into Mathews and he turns it to mid-wicket
37.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, tossed up around off, Thirimanne inside halves the forward block to backward square
36.6
Jadeja to Mathews, SIX, ends the over with a maximum. Throws it up and offers a bit of space outside off, Mathews uses his long reach to loft it handsomely over long-off. There was a fielder out but he was nowhere close to the ball
36.5
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, fired in flat and at the stumps, Mathews prods forward and blocks
36.4
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, slower and attacking the stumps, a firmer forward push but it is straight back to Jadeja
36.3
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, tossed up on off, Mathews pushes it to the left of Jadeja
36.2
Jadeja to Mathews, 2 runs, dropped! Bhuvi is having a horrible day. He's being taken to the cleaners with the ball and now puts down a relative easy chance. Mathews goes for the loft and drags it off the inner half to wide long-on, Bhuvi gets across to his right and goes with both hands, but the momentum makes him to slide and he cannot cling on
36.1
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, drifting in with the angle, Mathews turns it to mid-wicket
35.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, shimmies out of the crease and doesn't get to the pitch of the ball, uses his pad to keep the ball from going past him
35.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, leg byes, 1 run, spinning into the pad, Mathews misses the glance but there's a deflection off the pad
35.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, FOUR, boundaries are coming thick and fast now for Sri Lanka. Mathews goes innovative and it comes off. The reverse sweep and he manages to get it over backward point, no protection out in the deep to stop that
35.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, not all that short and hence the chop from Thirimanne square on the off-side
35.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, comes down the track and drives the flighted delivery back to Kuldeep
35.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, FOUR, fifty for Thirimanne. It has come at a good rate and at an important time. Kuldeep drifts it down leg, Thirimanne leans forward and tickles it fine, no chance for the chasing fielder
34.6
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, 1 run, dug in short and Thirimanne manages to get on top of the bounce, rolls his wrists and pulls to deep mid-wicket
34.5
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, FOUR, second boundary of the over and the 100 partnership comes up. "Only the second 100 partnership for Sri Lanka in this World Cup," informs Ian Bishop on air. It was fraction short and Thirimanne was quick to pick it, he hangs back and short-arm jabs it past mid-wicket. Once it reached the practice wickets there was no stopping that
34.4
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, no run, sees the batsman advance and bangs it in halfway down, Thirimanne allows it to sail past him. The square leg umpire calls one for the over
34.3
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, 1 run, shortens the length and Mathews tries to force it off the back foot, the outside edge runs down to third man
34.2
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, FOUR, Bhuvi has been the bowler to target today. All the batsmen have gone after it him. Fuller than a good length and Mathews just extends his arms to lift it over mid-off, the ball plugs in the outfield but has enough to reach the fence
34.1
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, no run, keeps the good length ball close to off-stump, blocked to mid-wicket
33.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 2 runs, uses his feet to get to the pitch of the delivery, chips it over mid-wicket for a brace. Karthik runs around the boundary rope to clean up
33.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, googly lands around leg-stump, Mathews closes the bat face wanting to work it into the on-side but the leading edge takes the ball wide of point
33.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, flighted outside off, Mathews pushes it back firmly to Kuldeep
33.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, fraction short and Thirimanne cracks it to backward point, fumble by Bumrah allows the single to be taken
33.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, very full and around off-stump, Mathews eases the drive to long-off
33.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, looped up outside off, Mathews closes the bat face and gets a soft leading edge to cover
32.6
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, fifty for Mathews. He enjoys batting at this venue - has got a Test hundred here and is not dismissed in his three ODI innings. His best knock in this World Cup - 85* - came here against England. Mathews waits for the short of length delivery and then tucks it backward of square to reach the landmark. He needs to keep going and bat deep to take Sri Lanka to a competitive total
32.5
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, oh! Almost had his man. Thirimanne has no clue what is happening against Pandya. The slower bouncer and Thirimanne takes his eyes off the ball, the ball hits the splice of the bat and balloons over Dhoni
32.4
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, no run, and again.. Thirimanne is not learning. Short of length off-cutter and Thirimanne is pulling it without reading the hand, misses and the ball goes on the bounce to Ms Dhoni
32.3
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, Mathews is more in control when playing the pull, he's waiting and hence is able to make better connection. Rolls his wrists and plays it along the ground to deep square leg
32.2
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, once more Thirimanne was through the shot before the ball arrived, the cue-end hits him on the left shoulder and dribbles away in front of third man
32.1
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, no run, slower short of length delivery, Thirimanne is early into the tuck and the ball hits glove before rolling in front of the backward square fielder
31.6
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, 1 run, another slower delivery and this time Thirimanne manages to steer it to third man
31.5
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, no run, off-cutter angled across the left hander, guided towards backward point where Mayank makes a good stop
31.4
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, no run, better. Half an appeal for LBW. Good length ball that skids through and beats Thirimanne on the inside edge, struck in front of the stumps but the ball had pitched outside leg and hence Bhuvi aborted quickly
31.3
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, no run, fuller and outside off, Thirimanne pushes it firmly to mid-off
31.2
Bhuvneshwar to Thirimanne, FOUR, Bhuvi is not having a good day. Thirimanne straightaway gives the charge and crunches the drive through extra cover, he made room as well to free up his arms and gave the fielder in the deep no chance to get across
31.1
Bhuvneshwar to Mathews, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Mathews cracks the punch to sweeper cover
30.6
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, no run, ends with a slower bouncer, Thirimanne half ducks and it lobs over his right shoulder. Close to being called a wide for the line - around leg-stump - but Pandya gets away with it
30.5
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, slower short ball and Mathews swats the pull away to fine leg
30.4
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, short ball and this time Pandya got it to rise, Thirimanne was in no control of the pull shot and the top-edge flies over the backward square leg fielder, just a single though
30.3
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, low dipping full toss which Mathews bunts in front of mid-on and calls Thirimanne through
30.2
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, back of a length around off, Mathews hops and tucks it to mid-wicket
30.1
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, FOUR, a nice sit-up and Mathews puts it away. 129kph short ball and barely climbed to chest height, Mathews swiveled and pulled it well in front of square. No chance for the deep square leg fielder
29.6
Bumrah to Thirimanne, no run, pacy bouncer and Thirimanne is taken aback by the line and length. It kept coming in at him and he was too late on his pull. The ball got big on him and struck him on the helmet. Thirimanne was quick to take his helmet off. Should be fine to resume
29.5
Bumrah to Thirimanne, 2 runs, off-pace ball - 117kph - but Bumrah slightly errs in line. Ends up straying it on the pads and Thirimanne glances it wide of fine leg. Good running
29.4
Bumrah to Thirimanne, no run, 142kph, yorker length from round the wicket, Thirimanne brings his bat down in time to jam it out
29.3
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, 138kph, fullish ball outside off, Mathews dangles his bat out and dinks it through cover
29.2
Bumrah to Mathews, 2 runs, 114kph, slow and full on the stumps, whipped away to deep mid-wicket for a brace
29.1
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, 139kph, short of length delivery just outside off, Mathews turns it to short mid-wicket from the crease
28.6
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, what was that from Pandya? Did that slightly slip out of his hand? Not sure, but the line was too wide outside off. Mathews had to fully stretch to reach that and ended up toe-ending it to deep point
28.5
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, 122kph, full on leg-stump line, uppishly clipped to the left of mid-on for a single
28.4
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, 118kph, slower ball from a short length, Mathews plays a one-legged half-pull to deep backward square leg
28.3
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, banged in short, Mathews evades by ducking underneath it
28.2
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, normal-paced rib-tickler, tucked around the corner - to deep backward square leg
28.1
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, no run, slower ball into the surface on a back of a length, Thirimanne shuffles across and misses the pull as he was early into the shot. The ball balloons up off the thigh pad and falls wide of the keeper
27.6
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, a loose shot from Sri Lanka's most experienced batsman. A skidy short of length delivery wide of off and Mathews had a waft at it. Luckily, it didn't kiss the outside edge
27.5
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, good length delivery around the fifth stump channel, Mathews jumps and dead-bats it with soft hands into the off-side
27.4
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, off-paced delivery - the cutter at 116kph. Mathews picks it late and clips it towards mid-on. Thirimanne wanted a run, but gets rightly sent back by his batting partner
27.3
Bumrah to Mathews, no run, shortish ball, Mathews rides the bounce and drops it into the on-side
27.2
Bumrah to Thirimanne, 1 run, 137kph, Thirimanne serves width outside off and Thirimanne plays a square-cut off the back foot. The point fielder dived across and got a hand on it. Took the pace off it eventually. Just a single
27.1
Bumrah to Mathews, 1 run, to 136kph, good length delivery outside off, Mathews hops and taps it to the right of backward point where Pant stops it with his foot
26.6
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, change of pace - 120kph - and shortened length, Mathews forces it wide of cover
26.5
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 2 runs, 130kph, Mathews gets forward and converts it into a low full toss before creaming the cover drive. Bumrah runs across to his right in the deep to mop that up
26.4
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, 133kph pitched up delivery, Mathews's bat turns at the point of impact as he tries to drive off the front foot. Rolls to mid-on
26.3
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, slower ball on a length, Thirimanne uses the bowler's width to steer it down to third man
26.2
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, another short ball, Mathews stays back to easily pull it through backward square leg
26.1
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, another bouncer, this time head-high and Thirimanne is in no control of his pull shot. Fortunately for the batsman, the top edge falls well short of the long leg fielder
26.1
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, wide, Pandya starts his new spell with a bouncer. Banged in too short and Thirimanne ignores. Well over the batsman's head
25.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, FOUR, this time Mathews doesn't miss out. Slow, short and a bit of width. Mathews goes back in his crease, allows the ball to turn in and then punches it against the spin through the covers. Good placement
25.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, Kuldeep drags his length back, Mathews gently tucks it to square leg
25.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, straying on the pads and Thirimanne nurdles it towards mid-wicket
25.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, leg-break, Thirimanne uses his feet and steps out of the crease to drive through extra cover, ends up outside-edging it to backward point
25.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, Mathews comes down the pitch and uses his wrists to clip this fullish ball through mid-wicket
25.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, 76kph, in-drifting leggie, Thirimanne checks his on-drive. Rolls down to long-on
24.6
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, another quick over from Jadeja. Targets the sticks with a flat trajectory and Mathews could only push it back to the bowler
24.5
Jadeja to Thirimanne, 1 run, uppish, but in the gap. An aerial clip through the gap between mid-on and mid-wicket for a single. Hit him high on the bat and hence Thirimanne couldn't quite control his shot
24.4
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, fullish and outside off, eased through the covers
24.3
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, sees the width on offer and Mathews gets low to slap it away. Kohli dives to his left at cover to make a superb stop
24.2
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, slingy ball on sticks, clipped into the on-side
24.1
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, 93kph, darted in on middle, punched back to Jadeja
23.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 2 runs, not too wide, Thirimanne stays deep in his crease to late-dab it through backward point
23.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, Kuldeep drops it short and Mathews is quick to go on the back foot to punch it away. Mayank Agarwal, at cover, dives to his left and half-stops it
23.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, slower through the air - 77kph, Mathews looks to work through the on-side and gets a soft leading edge towards the off-side
23.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, flighted delivery drifting in towards leg, Thirimanne steps out of his crease and wrists the drive to long-on
23.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, 80kph, on a length doesn't turn much and Thirimanne punches it to cover off the back foot
23.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, Thirimanne skips down and clips a tossed up delivery straight to short mid-wicket
22.6
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, 92kph, tighter line-and-length - no room on offer. Mathews is half-forward to block it out
22.5
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, 90kph, stump-to-stump line ball, kept out into the off-side with an opened bat-face
22.4
Jadeja to Thirimanne, 1 run, 91kph, goes through with the arm marginally outside off, Thirimanne taps it into the off-side towards cover-point for a sharp single
22.3
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, 90kph, Jadeja gave a bit of air on this ball, Mathews leans forward and pushes it to the left of Kohli at cover for a quick single
22.2
Jadeja to Thirimanne, 1 run, slower ball from a shorter length, Thirimanne stands tall and works it in the direction of the spin. A single to deep mid-wicket
22.1
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, flat and quick ball from round the wicket. Thirimanne flicks it straight to square leg
21.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, now Thirimanne sensibly pushes this flatter ball into the off-side wide of point for an easy single
21.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, FOUR, well swept! Nicely tossed up ball, Thirimanne fetches it from outside off after getting down on a knee and fiercely brooms it through mid-wicket. A big gap in that region
21.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, in-turner from a short of length, Mathews rocks back and works it to deep mid-wicket
21.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, low full toss, clipped straight to short mid-wicket
21.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, slower through the air, Mathews comes down the track and can only push it back to the bowler
21.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, tossed up delivery, leg-break around off, Mathews gets forward and blunts it into the on-side
20.6
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, darts in a length ball on middle and leg, Mathews dinks it to long-on and keeps the strike
20.5
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, 94kph, fuller in length, pushed towards the cover region and Virat Kohli is quick to intervene
20.4
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, 92kph, just a hint of away-turn and bit of extra bounce, Mathews hangs back and pats it towards backward point
20.3
Jadeja to Mathews, 2 runs, 92kph, very full in-dart, knocked down to long-on
20.2
Jadeja to Thirimanne, 1 run, 90kph, pushed through fuller and wider, Thirimanne reaches out and square-drives through backward point
20.1
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, 95kph, short of length, Thirimanne jabs it to short mid-wicket
19.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, defends it to the on-side
19.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, FOUR, this shot will give Mathews confidence. His intent was to come forward but then he rocked back quickly, transformed this into a short one and punched it wide of cover for a boundary
19.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, 83 kph delivery on a fuller length, Mathews prods forward and defends. It comes off the outside edge and ends up at backward point
19.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, lots of flight and on a fuller length, Thirimanne punches it down the ground to long-on
19.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, pushes it wide of the bowler for a single
19.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, lets it turn and eases it to the off-side
18.6
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, defends it wide of the bowler
18.5
Jadeja to Mathews, 3 runs, Mathews plunges forward and reaches for the delivery again, this time it clipped the outside edge on the push. But it was an educated edge and it went wide of short third man. Not enough legs on it to reach the fence but they will come back for three
18.4
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, fuller and wide of off, not a lot of spin on this one. Mathews plunges forward and defends it to the off-side
18.3
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, quicker and on the stumps, Mathews pushed it back to the bowler
18.2
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, flatter and a hint of spin away from Mathews, he taps it gently to the off-side
18.1
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, punched wide of the bowler but Jadeja quickly goes across and fields it
17.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, slower and spinning into Mathews. It was way down the leg-side and Mathews easily tucks it to the on-side
17.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run,
17.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 2 runs, flighted and on the stumps, Thirimanne goes down on his knee and sweeps it wide of deep square leg for a couple
17.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, stays put and works it down the ground to long-on
17.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, works it to backward square leg for a single
17.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, a mix-up, Thirimanne works it to the on-side and went a long way down the track for the run. Pant dives well at short mid-wicket but fails to grab it cleanly. That fumble gave time to Thirimanne to go back in his crease
16.6
Jadeja to Thirimanne, 1 run, knocks it down the ground
16.5
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, Thirimanne looks all rattled here, he went for an ambitious reverse sweep, mistimes it to the off-side
16.4
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, hits him on the pads again, the impact was well wide of off so Indians weren't keen to appeal
16.3
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, oh dear! He is looking dangerous, it spins back in @91 kph, inside edges it onto Ms Dhoni's pads. It wasn't very far from the off-stump
16.2
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, punched it down the ground
16.1
Jadeja to Thirimanne, 1 run, on the stumps and Thirimanne knocks it down the ground to long-on
15.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, 1 run, goes on the back foot and steers it wide of backward point
15.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, slower and on the stumps, Thirimanne goes back and defends it to the off-side
15.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, this one was much fuller and it spins away from Thirimanne, he attempts a push and outside half of the bat takes it to cover
15.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, wide, lots of flight but the line was down the leg-side, wide called
15.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Thirimanne, no run, defends it back
15.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, 1 run, fuller and wider, Mathews punches it down the ground to long-on
15.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Mathews, no run, down the leg-side and Mathews defends it to the off-side
14.6
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, that has spun from middle stump and missed the inside edge. It strikes him on the pads but it might have been going over the stumps. Indians didn't even appeal
14.5
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, this one starts from outside off and spins back in, Thirimanne clips it to square leg
14.4
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, again, bowls it flatter. Mathews pushes it wide of cover for a single
14.3
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Mathews blocks it back
14.2
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, this was much quicker and was wider, Mathews mistimes the cut shot to backward point
14.1
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, shorter and spinning away from Mathews, he goes on the back foot and pushes it to the off-side
13.6
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, 116 kph on a short of length, it took a lot of time for that delivery to arrive. It finally did and Mathews had to delay his bat swing. He ends up pulling it to deep square leg
13.5
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, slower and around off, Mathews blocks it to backward point
13.4
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, 1 run, another slower one, it was on a back of a length. It was down the leg-side and Thirimanne gently tucks it to fine leg
13.3
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, slower one on a short of length, Mathews waits for it to arrive and pulls it wide of fine leg
13.2
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, fiery bumper! Mathews did well to sway away from the line and duck under it
13.1
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Mathews gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
12.6
Jadeja to Thirimanne, no run, defends to the on-side
12.5
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, taps it to the off-side and looks for a quick single, Thirimanne responds and came charging for a single. Kohli fired in the throw at the striker's end but it was not a direct hit and that saved him. Dhoni was not keen and umpire didn't go upstairs either
12.4
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, he can be a very dangerous customer, if he starts to get spin. This one was pitched around middle and it spins away, Mathews counters the spin well and defends it to the off-side
12.3
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, 90 kph delivery, not a lot of spin and Mathews blocks it back
12.2
Jadeja to Thirimanne, 1 run, quicker and on the stumps, Thirimanne works it to deep square leg
12.1
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, goes back and steers it to deep backward point for a single
11.6
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, no run, on a short of length and coming back into Thirimanne, he leaves it alone
11.5
Hardik Pandya to Thirimanne, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Thirimanne defends it back with a straight bat
11.4
Hardik Pandya to Avishka Fernando, out Caught by Dhoni!! Pandya gets into the act too. And Sri Lanka are really struggling here. It was a slower ball bouncer, Avishka Fernando wanted to steer it uppishly but the ball never arrived for him and he was very early into the shot. It clipped the glove of Avishka Fernando and Dhoni takes a terrifc catch diving forward. He has been a busy man today, involved in all four dismissals wkt (4-55) min (142m). Avishka Fernando c Dhoni b Hardik Pandya 20(21) [4s-4]
11.3
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, 1 run, 130 kph delivery attacking the stumps, Mathews stays back and eases it wide of square leg
11.2
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, fuller and wide of off, Mathews stays put in the crease and defends it to the off-side
11.1
Hardik Pandya to Mathews, no run, slower one on a fuller length, Mathews stays back and defends it to the off-side
10.6
Jadeja to Mathews, 1 run, it was down the leg-side and Mathews tucks it wide of square leg to retain the strike
10.5
Jadeja to Mathews, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Mathews defends it back
10.4
Jadeja to Kusal Mendis, out Stumped!! Jadeja gets the wicket in his first over of the World Cup. It took him only 4 balls to create an impact. For a change, he gave some flight on this delivery. It grips, it spins away, Kusal Mendis was down the track to combat it. It went past the outside edge and Dhoni did the rest. Jadeja is delighted, Rohit almost strangles him in the celebration! wkt (3-53) min (15m). Kusal Mendis st Dhoni b Jadeja 3(13)
10.3
Jadeja to Kusal Mendis, no run, on the stumps and Kusal Mendis blocks it back
10.2
Jadeja to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, much fuller and on the stumps, it spins away just a touch. Avishka Fernando went for a drive, outside half of the bat takes it wide of cover
10.1
Jadeja to Avishka Fernando, no run, ball grips for Jadeja, Avishka Fernando was back in the crease and he defends it back
9.6
Hardik Pandya to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length and well wide of off, Mendis stands tall on his steer, but can't get it past the man at cover-point
9.5
Hardik Pandya to Kusal Mendis, no run, the bouncer from Hardik, Mendis ducks under it and lets it go - bounces in front of MS
9.4
Hardik Pandya to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, change of pace from Hardik, slower ball outside off, Avishka leans across and works it behind square on the off-side for a single
9.3
Hardik Pandya to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Avishka stands tall and finds cover-point with the cut
9.2
Hardik Pandya to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, dabbed down towards third man for a single
9.1
Hardik Pandya to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a good length and just outside off, defended back at the bowler
8.6
Bhuvneshwar to Avishka Fernando, no run, full and coming back into the right-hander, Avishka was a tad early into the clip, was in the air but bounces well in front of the fielder at short mid-wicket
8.5
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, driven to the left of mid-off where Kuldeep fumbles, doesn't cost an extra run though
8.4
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a good length and shaping away late with the angle, Mendis was looking to work it to the on-side, closed the bat-face and the soft edge rolls to the off-side
8.3
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Mendis, no run, tad fuller and shaping away from outside off, Mendis gets a good stride forward, lifts his bat and lets it go
8.2
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Mendis, no run, much better from Bhuvneshwar, on a good length and shaping away from outside off, drew Mendis into playing at that and beat him on the outside edge
8.1
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller length delivery and shaping away from outside off, Mendis covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
7.6
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Avishka stays solid behind the ball and blocks it back at the bowler. A visibly frustrated Bumrah feigns a throw, but doesn't release the ball
7.5
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries, he isn't afraid of the short stuff, swivels across, uses Bumrah's pace and then pulls it behind square on the on-side, couple of bounces and over the ropes
7.4
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, lovely, Avishka continues to impress, stands tall to a short ball and smashes it square on the off-side - kept everyone watching in admiration
7.3
Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, tad fuller and angling back into the right-hander, Mendis has to hurriedly get his bat down, squirts an inside edge behind square on the on-side
7.2
Bumrah to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Mendis gets behind the line and blocks
7.1
Bumrah to Kusal Perera, out Caught by Dhoni!! .. And that's the only ball he would face off Bumrah - cracker of a delivery that, shortened his length and got this one to nip back into the left-hander, a surprised Kusal was caught in the crease as he looked to defend, grazed the inside edge and is safely through to Ms Dhoni. He's walking and spares Umpire Wilson from making a call. After a steady start, Sri Lanka have now lost both their openers wkt (2-40) min (36m). Kusal Perera c Dhoni b Bumrah 18(14) [4s-3]
6.6
Bhuvneshwar to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, Avishka will play his shots, fraction too full and well outside off, he didn't get hold of the lofted on-drive, dragged it wider then he would have wanted, went very high and over Hardik at mid-on. Plugged inside the ropes and the batsmen settle for a couple of runs
6.5
Bhuvneshwar to Avishka Fernando, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, defended with a straight bat to mid-on
6.4
Bhuvneshwar to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, lovely, fraction fuller and wider of off, Avishka leant into the drive, played on the up and in the gap wide of cover-point - kept Karthik interested in the chase all along, he dives but can't pull the ball back in
6.3
Bhuvneshwar to Avishka Fernando, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Avishka leans half-forward and defends it to the off-side
6.2
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, 1 run, a direct hit and Avishka Fernando might have been struggling? No, he would have been safe, called his partner through after Kusal clipped one straight to short fine
6.1
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Kusal went hard on the drive and mistimes the drive to mid-on
5.6
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, defended to the off-side
5.6
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, wide, Bumrah responds with a short bouncer, but it sails over Avishka's head and is called as a wide
5.5
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, beautifully played, first runs off Bumrah and this will only add salt to his wounds - lovely shot though, pitched up and in that channel outside off, Avishka leans forward, presents the full face of the bat and drove it back past the bowler
5.4
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, Avishka has been given out LBW and he wants a review. The height might be the only thing that can save him, it's a fair delivery and I think it has missed the inside edge. UltraEdge confirms it, is it high though? Struck Avishka on his back-thigh and it's missing. Excellent review from Avishka. Lovely delivery from Bumrah, on a good length and kept coming back into the right-hander, Avishka was caught in his crease as he drove, past the inside edge and struck high on the back-thigh
5.3
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, this is good bowling from Bumrah, tight line around middle with the angle coming back in, defended to the off-side with a straight bat
5.2
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Avishka stands tall and punches it to mid-off
5.1
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, steered with an open face and Avishka can't beat RJ - diving to his left at backward point
4.6
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, FOUR, this is a poor start from Bhuvneshwar, short and down leg, all Kusal had to do was to get some bat on it, runs away fine and Bumrah can't get across to it from long leg
4.5
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, no run, short of a length and on Kusal's hips, turned to the on-side
4.4
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, FOUR, cracking shot, width on offer and Kusal will not let them go unpunished, gets a good stride across and then drills it square past cover-point, no one moved
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, no run, uppish and safe, another slower ball from Bhuvneshwar and Kusal didn't spot it, was early into the drive and the ball popped in the air, dropped well in front of Kohli at short mid-wicket
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, wide, Bhuvneshwar attempts the slower ball, but slips this one down leg, called as a wide
4.2
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Kusal gets behind the line and blocks
4.1
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, chance - and Kuldeep and Hardik make a mess of it. Was the latter's catch, he got very close to Kuldeep and then moved away, that put Kuldeep off and he ended up dropping the sitter. On a good length and well outside off, Kusal was looking to lift it back over the bowler's head, mistimed it badly and should have been dismissed
3.6
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, fraction fuller and on off, Fernando gets half-forward and defends it to the off-side
3.5
Bumrah to Avishka Fernando, no run, nicely bowled by Bumrah, greets the new man with a full ball in that channel outside off, Avishka was opened up as he looked to defend, squirts it away towards cover
3.4
Bumrah to Karunaratne, out Caught by Dhoni!! Edged and caught! A soft dismissal for the Sri Lankan captain - this was short and this was angling across the left-hander, Karunaratne was late on the cut, the ball grazed the toe-edge and Dhoni doesn't make any mistake behind the wicket. 100th ODI wicket for Bumrah. There was an audible sound and the Sri Lankan captain didn't wait, off he went wkt (1-16) min (16m). Karunaratne c Dhoni b Bumrah 10(17) [4s-2]
3.3
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, back of a length and well wide of off, Karunaratne stands tall and crunches it to the right of backward point - where RJ tumbles and makes a smart stop
3.2
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Karunaratne was looking to flick and is struck high on the thigh-pad
3.1
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, fuller length delivery and angling across the left-hander, Karunaratne leans into the drive and finds backward point
2.6
Bhuvneshwar to Karunaratne, 1 run, once again Bhuvneshwar drifts one onto Karunaratne's pads, nudged in front of square on the on-side for a single, 12 came from the over
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Karunaratne, no run, Bhuvneshwar shortens his length on off, defended back at the bowler
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to Karunaratne, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Karunaratne, too straight from Bhuvneshwar, on Karunaratne's hips and it's clipped past square leg, no need to run for those
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to Karunaratne, FOUR, short, wide and four, poor ball from Bhuvneshwar, back of a length and well wide of off, Karunaratne gets on top of the bounce and claters it square past point for a boundary
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, 3 runs, that's a strange looking shot from Kusal, wasn't too short to play the pull - Kusal was through with the shot even before the ball arrived, toe-ended it wide of mid-wicket and there's a long chase for Karthik - does well to prevent the boundary
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Kusal gets behind the ball and defends it to the off-side
1.6
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, Bumrah starts with a maiden, shortened his length and angled this one across the left-hander, had Karunaratne throwing his bat at it and beat him on the top-edge
1.5
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, Karunaratne prods across and turns it towards mid-wicket
1.4
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, fraction fuller and at the stumps, Karunaratne closes the bat-face and finds Karthik at square leg with the tuck
1.3
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, short of a length and in that channel outside off, Karunaratne hops across and pushes it back at the bowler
1.2
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, Bumrah shortens his length around middle, Karunaratne prods across and turns it to mid-wicket
1.1
Bumrah to Karunaratne, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Karunaratne rides the bounce and steers it to backward point
0.6
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Kusal presses across and defends it to the off-side
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, no run, Bhuvneshwar shortens his length and gets it to nip back into the left-hander, Kusal was prodding forward in defence and is beaten on the inside edge, struck high on the thigh-pad
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to Kusal Perera, FOUR, lovely, fraction fuller and wider of off, Kusal leans forward, presents the full face of the bat and drives it on the up, through extra-cover and rolls away to the ropes
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of a good length and shaping away from outside off, drew Karunaratne into playing at that, squirts it behind square on the off-side for a single
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to Karunaratne, no run, fraction fuller and shaping away from outside off, Karunaratne has a look, covers his stumps and lets it go
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, no swing on offer for Bhuvneshwar, defended with a straight bat
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Malinga,Mathews,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Dhananjaya de Silva,Karunaratne,Perera,Kusal Mendis,Kasun Rajitha,Avishka Fernando
