49.6
Tim to Plunkett, 1 run, low full toss, Plunkett flicks to deep mid-wicket, just a single
49.5
Tim to Plunkett, 2 runs, "two, two, two," is the call. Plunkett squeezed this yorker out wide of mid-wicket, Jofra Archer hurries to the bowler's end and makes it before Tim collected the throw and disturbed the bails
49.4
Tim to Jofra Archer, 1 run, yorker on the stumps, driven to long-on
49.3
Tim to Adil Rashid, out Bowled!! First wicket of the 2019 World Cup for Tim Tim. He was all over England at The Cake Tin four years ago, but he's had to wait for his time now. Delivers a lovely yorker though, tailing in, Rashid couldn't bring his bat down in time, the ball hits the base of leg stick wkt (8-301) min (17m). Adil Rashid b Tim 16(12) [4s-1]
49.2
Tim to Plunkett, 1 run, bunted down the ground but straight to long-on
49.1
Tim to Adil Rashid, 1 run, driven firmly, oh it bounces suddenly from the edge of the edge of the square, luckily extra-cover was not close to get hit on the face. It came at a nice height to him in the end. 300 up for England
48.6
Matt Henry to Adil Rashid, 1 run, short slower delivery, Rashid helps it away through backward square leg, they think about two and decide against it. A very good over for England, 13 off it
48.5
Matt Henry to Plunkett, 1 run, he's mistimed this pull shot high in the air, deep mid-wicket can't cover enough ground and attempt the catch
48.4
Matt Henry to Plunkett, 2 runs, this is pulled away nicely to deep backward square leg, Plunkett rushes back for the second run
48.3
Matt Henry to Plunkett, FOUR, a wild slog and it catches the inside half of the bat and escapes to the boundary. Shortish delivery, Plunkett swung hard, hit the gap at backward square leg and split the fielders in the deep
48.2
Matt Henry to Adil Rashid, 1 run, again backs away and guides this time to third man
48.1
Matt Henry to Adil Rashid, FOUR, vital boundary from Rashid. He stayed leg-side to this length ball that had no pace, slapped it over mid-off and cleared the infield
47.6
Boult to Adil Rashid, 1 run, slower delivery on the leg stump, Rashid works it to backward square leg and keeps strike
47.5
Boult to Adil Rashid, 2 runs, Tim attacks the ball for the catch, goes for a one-hander but doesn't get there in time, Rashid lofts flat to long-on and escapes
47.4
Boult to Plunkett, 1 run, oh inside edge into the on-side, slower delivery outside off stump, Plunkett swings hard but is beaten by the change of pace
47.3
Boult to Adil Rashid, 1 run, guides to short third man
47.2
Boult to Adil Rashid, 2 runs, slower delivery wide outside off stump, Rashid slices the drive high in the air, Nicholls ran to his right and tried to get there, but had too much of a distance to cover
47.2
Boult to Adil Rashid, wide, full delivery down the leg-side, Rashid misses the glance
47.1
Boult to Plunkett, 1 run, nice full delivery, Plunkett flicks wide of long-on, just a run
46.6
Matt Henry to Adil Rashid, no run, defends the slower to backward point and looks for a run, sent back
46.5
Matt Henry to Plunkett, 1 run, length delivery outside off stump, Plunkett guides it to the left of backward point
46.4
Matt Henry to Plunkett, no run, short slower delivery, Plunkett misses the pull shot
46.3
Matt Henry to Adil Rashid, 1 run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Rashid flicks it to backward square leg
46.3
Matt Henry to Adil Rashid, wide, slower delivery again, down the leg-side though
46.2
Matt Henry to Adil Rashid, 2 runs, guided to third man, Rash rushes back for the second and is home before the keeper broke the sticks
46.1
Matt Henry to Morgan, out Caught by Santner!! Outstanding catch at cover. The off-cutting slower delivery that is full in length - that is always a great delivery to Morgan, who brings the bat down from a height with hard hands. So he tends to push hard as he checks the drive, thereby giving a catching opportunity. This was actually travelling and Santner threw himself slightly back to reverse cup it. This dismissal will make a difference of 10-15 runs to the final total wkt (7-272) min (40m). Morgan c Santner b Matt Henry 42(40) [4s-5]
45.6
Boult to Morgan, 1 run, sensibly drives to long-off and keeps strike
45.5
Boult to Morgan, FOUR, this is calculated batting from Morgan. He respected the good balls but chose the right ones to put it away to the boundary. Short delivery at pace, Morgan pulls behind square, wide fine leg
45.4
Boult to Morgan, 2 runs, very full and on the stumps, Morgan drives to long-on, who is wide, so comes back for the second run
45.3
Boult to Plunkett, 1 run, short delivery on the stumps, Plunkett checks the pulls shot to deep square leg
45.2
Boult to Morgan, 1 run, blocked to long-on
45.1
Boult to Morgan, FOUR, this is in the air again, but Morgan hit this purposely. Overpitched delivery outside off stump, Morgan lofts and clears mid-off. He needs to bat through to get England past 310-320
44.6
Neesham to Plunkett, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Plunkett defends off the back foot
44.5
Neesham to Woakes, out Caught by Williamson!! This is a great phase for New Zealand. Poor shot from Woakes. Neesham is in his final over, has only two more deliveries including this one. He offers a full freebie, Woakes tries to drive, doesn't control the shot when he should have seen the bowler off, a checked-drive and he hit it straight down mid-off's throat wkt (6-259) min (12m). Woakes c Williamson b Neesham 4(11)
44.4
Neesham to Morgan, 1 run, short delivery on the stumps, Morgan pulls to deep mid-wicket
44.3
Neesham to Woakes, 1 run, opens the face of the bat and runs it down to third man
44.2
Neesham to Morgan, 1 run, Morgan tries to drive through the off-side, but the lack of pace meant he got an inside edge as a result of playing a touch early, rolls to fine leg
44.1
Neesham to Woakes, 1 run, width on offer outside off stump, Woakes cuts to sweeper cover
44.1
Neesham to Woakes, wide, full and down the leg-side, Woakes misses the flick
43.6
Santner to Woakes, 1 run, driven along the ground to long-off. End of Santner's quota. He's done a fabulous job at the death.
43.5
Santner to Woakes, no run, lovely bowling. Really slowed that up and teased Woakes on the drive, an uppish push to cover
43.4
Santner to Morgan, 1 run, flatter delivery, cut to backward point
43.4
Santner to Morgan, wide, fired down the leg-side
43.3
Santner to Woakes, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Woakes drives, the man at short mid-wicket couldn't cut it off
43.2
Santner to Morgan, 1 run, shortish ball, Morgan cuts to backward point. 250 up for England
43.1
Santner to Morgan, no run, carefully defended off the front foot
42.6
Neesham to Woakes, no run, almost the outside edge. What an over, five dots at this stage. Short of a length delivery nipping away off the pitch, may have been the leg-cutter, Woakes was squared up in his defence
42.5
Neesham to Woakes, no run, beaten again. Change of pace again, Woakes isn't reading them from hand, pokes and almost nicks off
42.4
Neesham to Woakes, no run, short slower delivery, Woakes hops and works it to mid-wicket after being beaten by the lack of pace
42.3
Neesham to Woakes, no run, overpitched delivery, Woakes drives, finds cover
42.2
Neesham to Woakes, no run, slight tail back in on this short of length delivery, Woakes defends and gets an inside edge that rolls into the on-side
42.1
Neesham to Morgan, 1 run, oh almost inside edge onto stumps. Slower delivery outside off stump, Morgan pushes away from the body, the ball rolls to fine leg off the edge
41.6
Santner to Stokes, out Caught by Matt Henry!! Now then, now then.. He's mistimed this and holes out to long-on. Stokes fails at his home ground. Santner built pressure with dots. Stokes' strike-rate was really poor and he wanted to target the mid-wicket boundary with the left-arm spinner on. But Santner is a really good defensive bowler. Bowled it slightly away from the advancing Stokes to force him to drag the ball to leg. Hence Stokes couldn't connect well wkt (5-248) min (33m). Stokes c Matt Henry b Santner 11(27)
41.5
Santner to Morgan, 1 run, oh that's a brilliant reverse-sweep, great timing but the man sweeping the off-side boundary does well diving to his right, too good a shot just for one run
41.4
Santner to Morgan, no run, now it's Morgan's turn to get hit on the pad missing a sweep, no question of LBW as the ball pitched way outside leg stump
41.3
Santner to Stokes, 1 run, driven to long-on
41.2
Santner to Stokes, no run, appeal for LBW as Stokes misses the sweep and gets hit on the pad, but the ball pitched outside leg
41.1
Santner to Stokes, no run, flighted delivery on the leg stump, Stokes flicks to mid-wicket
40.6
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, good length delivery on the leg stump, Stokes flicks to deep mid-wicket
40.5
Neesham to Stokes, 2 runs, nicely bowled. Neesh saw Stokes advancing and bowled the short ball wide outside off stump, Stokes reached out, sliced over backward point, there was threat of being caught at backward point
40.4
Neesham to Stokes, no run, Stokes moves to the off-side and defends
40.3
Neesham to Morgan, 1 run, this is tight length delivery on the stumps, Morgan jumps and defends to point for a quick single, throw goes to the bowler's end but Morgan is safe
40.2
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, overpitched delivery outside off stump, Stokes leans forward and drives to the left of cover, Williamson backs up from mid-off
40.1
Neesham to Stokes, no run, lovely yorker on the off stump, Stokes digs it out
39.6
Santner to Morgan, FOUR, Santner fires this full attempting the yorker, a low full toss it turns out and Morgan sweeps fine, beats short fine leg, deep backward square leg runs to his left and dives, ball wins
39.5
Santner to Morgan, no run, shortish delivery on the stumps, Morgan flicks to short mid-wicket
39.4
Santner to Morgan, 2 runs, nice back foot drive to deep cover, deep point is very straight and he a bit of ground to cover to his left
39.3
Santner to Stokes, 1 run, slider outside off stump, Stokes defends to the right of cover
39.2
Santner to Morgan, 1 run, drives along the ground to long-on
39.2
Santner to Morgan, wide, Santner expected Morgan to run down the pitch and bowled down the leg-side, Morgan stood his ground
39.1
Santner to Morgan, no run, Morgan misses the flick and gets hit on the pad, hit outside leg
38.6
Neesham to Stokes, no run, this is a well-timed drive, but straight to Santner at cover again
38.5
Neesham to Stokes, no run, wide slower delivery, Stokes cuts, finds the man at cover
38.4
Neesham to Morgan, 1 run, the late-cut to third man for a single is the most irritating shot for a pacer. Morgan nicely guides one now
38.3
Neesham to Stokes, 1 run, drags the slower delivery to deep mid-wicket
38.2
Neesham to Stokes, no run, defended from the crease
38.1
Neesham to Morgan, 1 run, oh uppishly pushed off the back foot, Neesham troubled Morgan with a short slower delivery, Morgan played the cut shot early and got away with it, goes through the vacant cover-point
37.6
Tim to Stokes, no run, play and a miss, this time beaten on the angle across the left-hander, Stokes wanted to push past cover for a run
37.5
Tim to Stokes, no run, beaten, wanted to dab to third man but misses as Tim gets this slower delivery to bounce extra
37.4
Tim to Morgan, 1 run, short slower delivery, Morgan adjusts his pull and hits it to deep backward square leg
37.3
Tim to Stokes, 1 run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Stokes punches it off the back foot to cover
37.2
Tim to Stokes, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, Stokes defends and gets an outside edge that rolls it towards point
37.1
Tim to Morgan, 1 run, guided to third man
36.6
Neesham to Stokes, no run, Morgan escapes a run-out. Santner the culprit. Stokes sold his captain down the river, pushed to the left of short cover and set off, suddenly hit the brakes, Morgan screeched, the ball came to Santner's throwing side, yet he failed to break the sticks
36.5
Neesham to Stokes, no run, defended into the off-side
36.4
Neesham to Stokes, no run, was that pad first? Stokes tried to defend late, looked like the ball brushed the pad before meeting bat, soft appeal for LBW, but it may have pitched outside leg
36.3
Neesham to Stokes, no run, defended to mid-off
36.2
Neesham to Stokes, no run, Stokes advances to unsettle Neesham in his fresh spell. The bowler drags the length ball, but the batsman manages to middle the drive, the cover fielder intervenes
36.1
Neesham to Stokes, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, Stokes defends
35.6
Tim to Morgan, no run, that's a good short ball at normal pace, finishes on off as it slants across, Morgan pulls out
35.5
Tim to Morgan, no run, defended into the off-side
35.4
Tim to Morgan, FOUR, now it's a cut shot, Tim's idea to take pace off the ball is fine but he can't both on either side of the stumps. Lot of room on this one for Morgan to cut and he beat the diving third man fielder as well
35.3
Tim to Morgan, FOUR, Tim needs to back up the good work done by Henry and Boult. Tries the slower ball but bangs it short and down the leg-side, Morgan pulls and gets it fine
35.2
Tim to Morgan, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, Morgan defends into the on-side
35.1
Tim to Morgan, no run, dabbed to the right of short third man
34.6
Boult to Stokes, no run, solid block into the off-side
34.5
Boult to Stokes, 2 runs, they've taken two off an outside edge to third man. The fielder was very fine, Stokes tried to defend this length delivery, interestingly moved away in the air after pitching and that is why the edge was found
34.4
Boult to Morgan, 1 run, shortish slower delivery on the leg stump, Morgan pulls on one leg to fine leg
34.3
Boult to Stokes, 1 run, that's a gift to a newcomer, full delivery down the leg-side, glanced away to fine leg
34.2
Boult to Buttler, out Caught by Williamson!! This is bad batting. New Zealand are taking pace off the ball. They have started to bowl tight lines, so you got to pick the right ball to target. This is a slower delivery that didn't have enough room to free the arms and loft over the in-field, Buttler horribly mis-hits the drive and offers a simple catch to captain Kane. In fact that was the knuckle ball from Boult. After a great start, England have lost 20/3 in 26 balls wkt (4-214) min (25m). Buttler c Williamson b Boult 11(12) [4s-1]
34.1
Boult to Buttler, no run, length delivery, blocked back to the bowler
33.6
Matt Henry to Morgan, no run, mistimed back foot punch rolls to the bowler off the bottom of the bat
33.5
Matt Henry to Buttler, 1 run, neatly uses his wrists and flicks to deep mid-wicket
33.4
Matt Henry to Morgan, 1 run, short delivery on the off stump, Morgan pulls through backward square leg. New Zealand are looking to take pace off the ball, way to go on this surface
33.3
Matt Henry to Morgan, no run, defended off the back foot
33.2
Matt Henry to Morgan, no run, oh he's checked the drive. Morgan is vulnerable to the fuller slower delivery that's well disguised, tends to push hard at the ball, luckily this doesn't have enough legs to carry to mid-off
33.1
Matt Henry to Buttler, 1 run, incoming good length delivery on the stumps, Buttler flicks to deep mid-wicket
32.6
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, the short ball angling across, difficult angle to pull, but Buttler goes for it and manages to keep it along the ground to deep square leg
32.5
Boult to Morgan, 1 run, short delivery from Boult, Morgan pulls it to square leg
32.4
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, very full and outside off stump, Buttler drives it to sweeper cover
32.3
Boult to Morgan, 1 run, that's a gentle drive to the right mid-on off the front foot and Morgan is away
32.2
Boult to Morgan, no run, fullish delivery on the stumps, Morgan defends to mid-on, the slower ball
32.1
Boult to Buttler, 1 run, look at that diving save from Guptill at backward point. Short and wide, Buttler cuts hard, Guptill threw himself horizontal and looks he he's hurt his right hand in the process, flings in pain, but he's going to carry on
31.6
Matt Henry to Morgan, no run, oh he's left this on bounce, slower short delivery, Morgan seemed to have not picked it, luckily it bounced over the stumps
31.5
Matt Henry to Morgan, no run, Henry greets Morgan with a bumper, batsman sways out
31.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, out Bowled!! This is what discipline does. Keep it close to the sticks, they aren't going to knock it around, they will force pace and that will force mistakes. Look at the ovation for Jonny B! What a week this has been for him. Quite a bit said and written, he's responded with back-to-back hundreds. After bowling three really loose deliveries, Matt Henry bowls a slower delivery on a fullish length much closer to the off stump. Bairstow attempts a booming drive and the off-cutter rattled into the sticks off the inside edge wkt (3-206) min (147m). Bairstow b Matt Henry 106(99) [4s-15 6s-1]
31.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 2 runs, short and wide outside off stump, Bairstow cuts square of the wicket on the off-side
31.2
Matt Henry to Bairstow, FOUR, this time he goes hard at the drive and beats the dive at cover as well. Dreadful wide slower ball, New Zealand need to be disciplined, Bairstow reached out and connected fairly well
31.1
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, that's a hit-me full bal outside off stump, Bairstow is kind enough to drive it straight to cover
30.6
Boult to Buttler, 2 runs, sticks to his short length around middle and leg, Buttler pulls it to long leg and ends the over with two more
30.5
Boult to Buttler, no run, short ball from round the wicket, aimed towards the body, Buttler attempts a pull and gets struck on his elbow
30.4
Boult to Buttler, FOUR, crisply driven by Buttler. Every now and then, Boult has the habit of bowling such looseners. An overpitched delivery in the channel outside off, Buttler leans ahead and opens his account with a cracking boundary through covers. Couldn't have timed or placed it any better
30.3
Boult to Buttler, no run, slower around off, Buttler push-drives it to cover from within the crease
30.2
Boult to Buttler, no run, touch fuller around off and it's been driven to mid-off by Buttler
30.1
Boult to Root, out Caught by Latham!! Root has been adjudged caught behind and he has decided to challenge the onfield call. He was quite certain there was no contact with the ball but the replays show there was some bat involved. Yup, it's a top-edge. A short ball down the leg side, Root looks to play a hook and ends up getting a top-edge to the keeper. Boult comes back into the attack and breaks the stand. New Zealand can't take a breather with Morgan, Buttler and few other explosive batsmen to follow next wkt (2-194) min (54m). Root c Latham b Boult 24(25) [4s-1]
29.6
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, second consecutive century for Bairstow! A high full toss around middle and leg, Bairstow clips it through square leg for a boundary to get to the milestone. Terrific batting by the opener. Rohit Sharma yesterday, Bairstow today. It's a World Cup for all top-order batsmen. They are piling up runs for fun!
29.5
Tim to Bairstow, no run, on a length around off, Bairstow pats it back to the bowler
29.4
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, poor ball by Tim! A short ball around middle and leg, Bairstow pulls it through the vacant square leg region and adds four more to his account
29.3
Tim to Bairstow, no run, appeal for an lbw, turned down! A low full toss around leg, Bairstow tries to flick it but gets beaten due to the late movement in the air. The impact was on leg and it was clearly sliding down the leg side, confirm the replays
29.2
Tim to Bairstow, no run, pitched up Tim, Bairstow push-drives it to the man at covers
29.1
Tim to Bairstow, no run, on a length outside off, Bairstow plays this with his bat angled towards point
28.6
Neesham to Bairstow, 1 run, short ball outside off, Bairstow scythes it towards square third man for a single
28.5
Neesham to Bairstow, no run, on a length around off, Bairstow eases it to mid-off
28.4
Neesham to Root, 1 run, short ball around off, Root hops a touch and runs it down to third man, there was a fielder at short third man, but it was placed to his right. That's Root's 500th run in #CWC19. Becomes the fifth batsman in the tournament to overhaul the 500-run mark
28.3
Neesham to Root, no run, back of a length around off, Root knocks it back to the bowler
28.2
Neesham to Bairstow, 1 run, pulls the short ball to deep square leg for a single
28.1
Neesham to Root, 1 run, glides the back of length delivery to third man and gets Bairstow back on strike
27.6
Tim to Bairstow, no run, whip-drives the half-volley to mid-on, can't beat the man inside the ring though
27.5
Tim to Bairstow, SIX, Bairstow moves into the 90s with this thumping six. A length delivery around off, Bairstow stays put and tonks it right over the bowler's head, couldn't have played it any straighter
27.4
Tim to Root, 1 run, hacks the short ball off an inside edge towards the keeper and sprints across the to the bowler's end
27.3
Tim to Bairstow, 1 run, drives the fullish delivery towards mid-on for a single
27.2
Tim to Bairstow, no run, appeal for an lbw, but there's a huge inside edge. Bairstow was looking to play this one across the line but got an inside edge on to his pads
27.1
Tim to Root, 1 run, glides the skiddy back of a length ball to third man for a single
26.6
Neesham to Bairstow, no run, short in length outside off, Bairstow treks back and scythes it to point once again
26.5
Neesham to Bairstow, no run, slightly slower outside off, Bairstow slices it to the man at point
26.4
Neesham to Bairstow, no run, driven on the up towards cover by Bairstow
26.3
Neesham to Root, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Root dabs it to backward point for a single. 50-run stand up between the pair
26.2
Neesham to Bairstow, 1 run, chops this one down to third man for a single
26.2
Neesham to Bairstow, wide, banged short around off, Bairstow lets it through to the keeper, wide called as it sails over his head
26.1
Neesham to Bairstow, 2 runs, sliding down the leg side, Bairstow clips it through square leg for a brace, these two are taking the singles and couples with absolute ease, fine running between the wickets
25.6
Santner to Root, 2 runs, tossed up delivery around off, Root drives it to wide long-off for a couple of runs, good running between the wickets again
25.5
Santner to Bairstow, 1 run, full in length around off, Bairstow push-drives it to long-off
25.4
Santner to Bairstow, no run, this one kept low outside off, Bairstow was attempting a punch, got beaten though
25.3
Santner to Bairstow, 2 runs, slider around middle and leg, quicker one and Bairstow gets an inside edge towards short fine leg as he attempts a sweep
25.2
Santner to Root, 1 run, skids through from a good length, Bairstow tries cutting, gets a toe-end and deflects off the glove towards gully for a single. Can't really qualify as a drop
25.1
Santner to Bairstow, 1 run, shoots off the wicket, onto the backfoot, takes a leading edge of the closing bat-face to backward point for a sinlge
24.6
Neesham to Root, 2 runs, works this one through square leg and takes a couple of runs to end the over
24.5
Neesham to Root, no run, on a length around middle and leg, Root eases it in front of mid-on
24.4
Neesham to Bairstow, 1 run, chips this one in front of mid-on but it drops in front of the fielder, Henry couldn't stop it cleanly and that allowed them to take a single
24.3
Neesham to Root, 1 run, chops the slightly short ball to backward point where Guptill stops it
24.2
Neesham to Root, no run, length delivery around middle and leg, Root nudges it towards mid-wicket
24.1
Neesham to Bairstow, 1 run, goes for a drive away from his body and gets an outside edge towards square third man
23.6
Santner to Root, 2 runs, gets a leading edge past the diving Williamson at mid-wicket for two more, fielder from long-on got to the ball and got rid of it quickly, but couldn't stop two
23.5
Santner to Root, no run, drives this one back to Santner who gets his hands to it and parries it towards the fielder at mid-wicket
23.4
Santner to Root, FOUR, Santner stands there in disbelief as Root scores a boundary off a good ball. Root reverse-scoops this one to third man and manages to beat the fielder's chase, another round of applause by the English supporters
23.3
Santner to Root, no run, flighted around off, Root eases it back to the bowler
23.2
Santner to Bairstow, 1 run, turning away from the batsman, Bairstow goes back and puts it into the gap at covers with a punch
23.1
Santner to Bairstow, FOUR, Bairstow is racing towards yet another century. A short ball around off, the batsman rocks back and hacks it over mid-wicket for a scintillating four, claps in the crowd, they love it
22.6
Matt Henry to Root, no run, knocks this one towards mid-on off his back foot
22.5
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Bairstow plays it with a closed bat face to work it into the gap at mid-wicket
22.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, sharp bouncer outside off, Bairstow was thinking of playing a pull but decides to leave it alone, umpire says one for the over
22.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, touch fuller around off, Bairstow push-drives it to mid-off
22.2
Matt Henry to Root, 3 runs, short of a length around off, Root rises his crease and punches it through the gap at covers for three runs, was very close to the boundary but slows down considerably
22.1
Matt Henry to Root, no run, back of a length outside off, Root steers it to short third man
21.6
Santner to Bairstow, no run, slightly short ball by Santner, Bairstow treks back and eases it to the bowler
21.5
Santner to Bairstow, no run, darted on off, Bairstow pats it back to the bowler
21.4
Santner to Root, 1 run, back in his crease to nudge this one to short fine leg for a single
21.3
Santner to Bairstow, 1 run, knocks this one down to long-on for a single
21.2
Santner to Bairstow, FOUR, that wasn't middled but there was no fielder at deep square leg, hence he gets a boundary. A slider by Santner, Bairstow swings his bat across the line and gets it off the inside half towards the on side where there was no fielder, four more for him
21.1
Santner to Bairstow, no run, on the pads and it's been clipped to short fine leg
20.6
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 1 run, nurdles this one past the fielder at mid-wicket but the fielder from the deep is quick to charge in and get rid of the ball, Nicholls was the fielder on that occasion
20.5
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, low full toss by Matt Henry and it's been chipped in front of mid-on off the cue-end, got somewhat deceived due to the slower one
20.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, short in length outside off, Bairstow sways away
20.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, keeps his head steady and knocks this one back to the bowler
20.2
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, tad fuller around off and it's been pushed to mid-off by Bairstow
20.1
Matt Henry to Root, 1 run, in the channel outside off, Root chops it down to third man for a single
19.6
Tim to Bairstow, 2 runs, whips the shortish delivery to deep mid-wicket for a couple of runs, does Bairstow
19.5
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, into his 60s with this authoritative boundary! Slightly short ball around middle and leg, Bairstow holds his ground and whacks it over mid-wicket for a boundary. Roy has left, but he continues to march on
19.4
Tim to Bairstow, 2 runs, good running between the wickets. Bairstow gets an inside edge on his flick and the ball rolls towards fine leg for a couple of runs
19.3
Tim to Bairstow, no run, back of a length outside off, Bairstow dabs it to point
19.2
Tim to Bairstow, no run, fullish delivery around middle and leg, Bairstow drives it to mid-on for a single
19.1
Tim to Root, 1 run, straying on the pads, Root clips it through square leg for a single
18.6
Neesham to Root, 1 run, short and wide outside off, width on offer and it's been slapped through covers
18.5
Neesham to Root, no run, back of a length around off, Root stands tall and blocks it from within the crease
18.4
Neesham to Roy, out Caught by Santner!! Roy gets carried away and throws his wicket away. Slams the bat on the floor in frustration. Just like Virat Kohli, even he seems to be throwing his wicket away after reaching his fifties. This was a length delivery around off and Roy check-drives it to the man at covers. Santner takes an easy catch and Neesham has broken the opening stand. He has laid the foundation for the rest of this innings though. Players like Morgan and Buttler can cash in now wkt (1-123) min (81m). Roy c Santner b Neesham 60(61) [4s-8]
18.3
Neesham to Roy, FOUR, make that two in two! A short ball around off, Roy stays put and hammers it over mid-wicket for the second consecutive boundary of the over
18.2
Neesham to Roy, FOUR, thumped down the ground! Stand and deliver! A short ball by Neesham and at that pace, it's not going to trouble the batsman. Roy stays put and swings it over mid-on for a cracking boundary
18.1
Neesham to Roy, no run, length delivery around leg, Roy looks to heave this across the line but gets an inside edge that gets stuck into his pads
17.6
Tim to Roy, 1 run, on a length around middle and leg, Roy bunts it down to long-on for a single
17.5
Tim to Bairstow, 1 run, full and wide outside off, Bairstow slams it through cover-point for a single this time around. This was in the air for a while but there was no fielder position there
17.4
Tim to Roy, 1 run, Roy walks down the wicket and slaps the length delivery to wide mid-off. The connection was sweet but Kane Williamson moves towards his left and stops it with a dive
17.3
Tim to Bairstow, 1 run, 129kph, in the channel outside off, touch fuller and it's been creamed through cover-point by Bairstow
17.2
Tim to Bairstow, no run, much slower than compared to his previous delivery, tailing into the batsman on a length and Bairstow blocks it with solid hands
17.1
Tim to Bairstow, no run, that ball kept a touch low, in the channel outside off and skids along the deck, Bairstow brings his bat down in a jiffy and bunts it to cover
16.6
Neesham to Bairstow, 1 run, steers the back of a length ball to square third man and retains strike with a single
16.5
Neesham to Bairstow, 2 runs, both openers bring up their respective half-centuries in the same over. Sliding down the leg side and Bairstow clips it through square leg for a couple of runs. Ominous signs for New Zealand with both openers going all guns blazing. They did it against India, and the script is repeating itself against the Kiwis too. Another brilliant start for the hosts and NZ are desperate for a wicket
16.4
Neesham to Bairstow, no run, short of length outside off, skidding along the deck and it's been chopped to point by Bairstow
16.3
Neesham to Bairstow, no run, on a length around off, Bairstow knocks it towards the left side of the bowler
16.2
Neesham to Roy, 1 run, consecutive fifties for Jason Roy. Fourth 50-plus score of #CWC19 for the opener. His return to England's team has turned their fortunes, indeed. Dabs the length delivery past the fielder at point and gets to the milestone. Well played mate!
16.1
Neesham to Roy, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Roy nudges it towards mid-wicket
15.6
Santner to Roy, 1 run, 91 kph delivery on off, Roy mistimes the punch, it evades the bowler at ends up at long-on
15.5
Santner to Roy, no run, this one was down the leg-side, Roy pulls it straight to square leg
15.4
Santner to Bairstow, 1 run, goes back and across, makes room and cuts it wide of cover
15.3
Santner to Bairstow, no run, another quick delivery. It was on the stumps again and Bairstow tucks it to square leg
15.2
Santner to Roy, 1 run, flatter one on the stumps, Roy cuts it wide of deep backward point for a single
15.1
Santner to Roy, no run, flatter one on the stumps, Roy pushed it back to Santner
14.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, FOUR, he finds the gap wide of short third again. Brilliant from Bairstow! There was just a little bit of width, Bairstow got in a good position and dabs it wide of short third man. Exemplary placement!
14.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, no run, this one was down the leg-side, Bairstow clips it straight to mid-wicket
14.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Roy, 1 run, 100 comes up for England! They are off to a sensational start! Roy stays put and knocks it down the ground to long-on
14.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, 1 run, on a good length and coming back into Bairstow, he punches it to long-on
14.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Bairstow, FOUR, cute from Jonny! There was room, Bairstow waited patiently to arrive, opened the face of the bat at the last moment and steers it wide of backward point. Sweet timing!
14.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Roy, 1 run, punches it down the ground to long-off
13.6
Santner to Bairstow, no run, now, an arm-ball! It comes back in and Bairstow tucks it to square leg
13.5
Santner to Roy, 1 run, down the leg-side and Roy tucks it to deep square leg
13.4
Santner to Roy, no run, slower and on the stumps, Roy walks down the track and pushes it back to Santner
13.3
Santner to Bairstow, 1 run, dances down and nudges it to the on-side. He will push for a quick single
13.2
Santner to Roy, 1 run, driven to long-off
13.1
Santner to Roy, FOUR, stays in the crease and drives it wide of cover for a boundary. Those fast hands of Roy comes in business again!
12.6
Matt Henry to Roy, 1 run, walks down and smashes it, mid-off stops it from going further
12.5
Matt Henry to Roy, 2 runs, on a back of a length and wide of off, Roy tucks it wide of deep mid-wicket for a brace
12.4
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Roy pushes it to cover
12.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 1 run, on a short of length and wide of off, Bairstow pulls it to the on-side
12.2
Matt Henry to Bairstow, FOUR, there is something about these on-drives! They are gorgeous to watch! On a fuller length and on the stumps, Bairstow takes a semi-stride forward and drives it crisply with a high elbow. It beats mid-on for a boundary
12.1
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, punched it straight to mid-on
11.6
Santner to Roy, 2 runs, lots of flight on this delivery, it was on the stumps but Roy still created room by moving back a touch. And he lofts it over cover for a couple
11.5
Santner to Bairstow, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Bairstow plunges forward and drives it to long-off
11.4
Santner to Roy, 1 run, shorter and wider, Roy flat-bats it to long-off
11.3
Santner to Roy, no run, pushes it to the off-side
11.2
Santner to Roy, FOUR, beautiful shot! He manufactured the room, went aerial and lofted it inside out over cover. It beats long-off and races to the fence. One of the hardest shots to play but Roy made it look so easy!
11.1
Santner to Roy, 2 runs, flighted delivery on the stumps, Roy shuffles back a touch, makes room and drives it wide of long-off for a brace
10.6
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, tidy over! Just one came in it. It was on a good length and was around off, Bairstow comes forward and pushes it to cover
10.5
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, fuller and angling back into Bairstow, he drives it to mid-on
10.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, this one keeps a shade low, Bairstow adjusts pretty well and defends it to mid-wicket. Well short of that fielder
10.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, again, punched back with a straight bat, straight to mid-off
10.2
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Bairstow stays put and defends it solidly
10.1
Matt Henry to Roy, 1 run, on a good length and coming back into Roy, he tucks it to deep square leg
9.6
Boult to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and around off, Bairstow comes forward and pushes it, fails to beat the man at cover
9.5
Boult to Bairstow, no run, touch fuller of good length and wide of off, Bairstow pushed it back
9.4
Boult to Roy, 1 run, down the leg-side and Roy nudges it to the on-side
9.3
Boult to Roy, no run, full-toss wide of off, Roy is struggling to time it. He went for an expansive drive through covers but inside half of the bat takes it to the on-side
9.2
Boult to Roy, no run, almost chopped it on! Roy, you lucky lucky boy! It was angling back into Roy, he wanted to push it back. He was late on the shot, it clipped him high on the bat, came back in the direction of the stumps but bounced over it
9.1
Boult to Roy, no run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Roy comes forward and drives, finds the man at cover
8.6
Matt Henry to Roy, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Roy opens the face of the bat and dabs it to third man for a single. He will retain the strike!
8.5
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, fuller and coming back into Roy, he tucks it to square leg
8.4
Matt Henry to Roy, FOUR, that's edged and four! Again, luck favours Roy. It was short and was on the face, Roy attempts a pull shot. It clipped the top-edge and went over the head of Latham for a boundary
8.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 1 run, fuller and angling into Bairstow, he clipped it in the air to deep mid-wicket
8.2
Matt Henry to Roy, 1 run, tucks it to deep mid-wicket for a single
8.1
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, again, a streaky shot. He wanted to push it to the off-side, it hits him on the bottom half of the bat and was in the air. But no fielder was close where it landed(way short of mid-on)
7.6
Boult to Roy, 1 run, evades the leg-stump by a whisker! Roy has been lucky today! Went for the punch away from the body, it kissed the inside edge and went centimeters wide of the stumps
7.5
Boult to Roy, no run, fuller and around off, Roy wanted to drive it wide of mid-off. he plays it down the wrong line and inside edge of the bat takes it to mid-on
7.4
Boult to Roy, no run, pushes it to the off-side
7.3
Boult to Roy, FOUR, that has been belted by Roy! It was short and was wide of off, Roy pulls from the front foot and dispatches it wide of deep mid-wicket
7.2
Boult to Roy, no run, fuller and angling away from Roy, he steers it straight to backward point
7.1
Boult to Bairstow, 1 run, 135 kph delivery on the stumps, Bairstow punched it down the ground to mid-off for a single
6.6
Matt Henry to Roy, no run, down the leg-side, it was asking to be hit. But Roy fails to glance it and it ends up in the hands of Latham
6.5
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 1 run, this one was much fuller from Matt Henry and Bairstow came on the front foot in a flash. He straight drives it but won 't be able to find the gap. Single to mid-on
6.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and coming back into Bairstow, he tucks it to the on-side
6.4
Matt Henry to Bairstow, wide, errs in line. Down the leg-side and wide called!
6.3
Matt Henry to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Bairstow comes forward and drives, straight to mid-off
6.2
Matt Henry to Bairstow, 2 runs, clips it to the on-side, knew how hard he hit that. And will come back for a brace! Fifty comes up for England in a canter!
6.1
Matt Henry to Roy, 1 run, walks down the track, Matt Henry bangs it in on a good length. It bounces extra, clips the bat high but Roy was in control of that nudge to mid-on
5.6
Boult to Bairstow, no run, on a back of a length and on the stumps, Bairstow jumps just a touch to get in line and defends it back to the bowler with a straight bat
5.5
Boult to Bairstow, no run, on a back of a length and around off, Bairstow punches it to the off-side
5.4
Boult to Bairstow, FOUR, aerial again and over the fielder at cover again. Jonny is looking dangerous now! There was width and he is not going to hold back, reaches for it and belts it over cover for a boundary
5.3
Boult to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and around off, Bairstow pushes it to the off-side
5.2
Boult to Bairstow, no run, plants his front foot forward and drives it handsomely, finds mid-off
5.1
Boult to Bairstow, no run, beauty from Boult! On a good length and it nipped away from Bairstow ever-so-slightly, he played inside the line of it and did well not to edge that
4.6
Tim to Bairstow, 1 run, down the leg-side and Bairstow gently tucks it to the on-side for a single
4.5
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, Tim goes short and Bairstow was anticipating that. He got himself in a good position and powers the pull shot wide of deep square leg for a boundary
4.4
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, in the air and just over Santner at cover. Jonny would have had his heart in his mouth for a wee bit there. It was overpitched and Bairstow lofts it over cover where Santner leaps but it was just out of his reach. Once it cleared the fielder there, it raced to the fence
4.3
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, Bairstow started in a tentative fashion against India but today, he has looked more confident. It was drifting onto the pads and Bairstow flicks it wide of mid-wicket for a boundary
4.2
Tim to Bairstow, no run, another delivery on a good length, Bairstow lets it come and pushes it back with a straight bat
4.1
Tim to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and nipping back into Bairstow, he tucks it to the on-side
3.6
Boult to Roy, no run, fuller and wider, Roy was tempted by the width and wanted to dispatch it to the fence. But failed to reach for it and it went past his bat and into the gloves of Latham
3.5
Boult to Roy, no run, on a back of a length and angling away from Roy, he inside edges the pull to square leg
3.4
Boult to Roy, leg byes, 4, now an inswinger, Roy was taken aback by it. He failed to got his bat down in time, it clipped his pad and went wide of the keeper for a boundary
3.3
Boult to Roy, no run, there was room on offer this time and Roy attempts a cut shot, mistimes it to backward point
3.2
Boult to Roy, 2 runs, not much room on offer but Roy still manages to steer it away to third man for a couple
3.1
Boult to Roy, no run, defends it to the off-side with gentle hands
2.6
Tim to Bairstow, 2 runs, thick outside edge and it will beat the slip cordon and run away to third man. Bairstow was squared up by that delivery!
2.5
Tim to Bairstow, no run, fuller delivery attacking the stumps, much better from Tim. It clipped the inside edge and came back to hit the pad
2.4
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, Bairstow takes the aerial route and goes over the in-field on the off-side. Not sure if he meant to go aerial but he timed it well enough and it goes over cover for a boundary. Poor start from Tim, he looks rusty
2.3
Tim to Bairstow, FOUR, 125 kph delivery on a good length, there was ample room. Bairstow used the width to go effect and smashed it wide of cover for a boundary. He is off the mark too!
2.2
Tim to Bairstow, no run, there was width present on this delivery, Bairstow went for a punch but it was a rather lazy punch. He mistimes it to cover
2.1
Tim to Bairstow, no run, on a back of a length and aiming on the body, Bairstow hops just a little bit to get in line and tucks it straight to square leg
1.6
Boult to Roy, 2 runs, this delivery was on a good length and was wide of off, Roy stays in the crease and punches it wide of cover. He will come back for a brace
1.5
Boult to Roy, FOUR, it is swinging for Boult but strangely, he decides to bowl a slower one. He errs in line too, it was down the leg-side. Roy waits for it to arrive and clips it nicely. It beats square leg and races to the fence
1.4
Boult to Roy, no run, stays put in the crease and blocks it back to the bowler
1.3
Boult to Roy, no run, gets a decent stride forward on this delivery and pushes it to mid-off with a straight bat
1.2
Boult to Roy, no run, fair bit of swing on offer, it was down the leg-side though. Roy misses and it ends up to Latham. Off the thigh pad
1.1
Boult to Roy, no run, promising start from Boult. This one swung back into Roy, he fails to combat it. It misses the inside edge and raps him on the pads. Was sliding down leg!
0.6
Santner to Roy, 1 run, this one was down the leg-side, Roy clipped it to deep mid-wicket. He will retain the strike
0.5
Santner to Roy, no run, much slower and wider of off, Roy blocks it to the off-side
0.4
Santner to Roy, FOUR, Roy is away! Santner decides to be friendly and dishes out a full-toss. There was width too, Roy reaches for it and smashes it wide of cover for a boundary
0.3
Santner to Roy, no run, flatter delivery on the stumps, Roy goes back and cuts it straight to backward point
0.2
Santner to Roy, no run, defends it to the off-side
0.1
Santner to Roy, Byes, 4, whatta start! This delivery almost clipped the leg-stump. On any other day, it would have fetch Santner a wicket but Roy had luck on his side and he survives it. It was an arm ball, came back in viciously. Roy went for a cut. It missed his bat, missed stumps and evaded Latham too. It goes for a boundary
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Tim,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Henry Nicholls
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
