49.6
Saifuddin to Plunkett, 2 runs, full ball marginally outside off, Plunkett chips it over vacant extra cover and comes back for the second. England finish on 386!
49.5
Saifuddin to Plunkett, FOUR, another stunning shot! Very full ball on leg, Plunkett slightly moved leg-side and battered it past the bowler. Long-on had probably five inches to move; he moved one as the ball bulleted to the fence
49.4
Saifuddin to Plunkett, FOUR, in his comeback match, Plunkett is showing his batting prowess. Saifuddin goes wide outside off, but the length is full and that allows the batter to free his arms. It was in the slot and Plunkett smashed it through extra cover
49.3
Saifuddin to Plunkett, 2 runs, yorker length ball, jammed down to long-on. The fielder attacks the ball and scores a direct hit at the bowler's end. Woakes is in
49.2
Saifuddin to Plunkett, no run, moves leg-side and then off-side does Plunkett in his crease and swings his bat as hard as he can. All to no avail as he fails to make contact against this full ball outside off
49.1
Saifuddin to Woakes, 1 run, fullish ball outside off at 128kph, Woakes slices it over point
48.6
Mortaza to Plunkett, SIX, another slower delivery, but it's overpitched and more importantly Plunkett picked it. Waits for it and uses his bottom hand power to send it well over long-on's head. 18 runs off the penultimate over!
48.5
Mortaza to Woakes, 1 run, slower delivery - 117kph - from a short of length, Woakes spots it late and taps it towards cover
48.4
Mortaza to Woakes, 2 runs, shorter in length, Woakes makes room by moving leg-side and flays it over point. Two more to the tally
48.3
Mortaza to Plunkett, 1 run, much better from Mortaza. A very full ball at 132kph from round the wicket and Plunkett can't get under it. Hammered down to long-off all along the ground
48.2
Mortaza to Plunkett, FOUR, four more! Helped on its way for a boundary. A slower delivery from Mortaza, but he ends up bowling it on the hips, Plunkett stays in his crease and flicks it behind square on the leg-side
48.1
Mortaza to Plunkett, FOUR, in the gap! Plunkett fetches this short of length delivery from outside off and heaves it over mid-wicket. Split the gap between deep mid-wicket and deep square leg perfectly. Gets off the mark with a boundary
47.6
Mustafizur to Woakes, SIX, smashed through the line for a maximum. Mustafizur offers width outside off on this fuller length delivery and gets punished. Woakes swung his bat hard and lifted it over wide long-off. 14 off the over!
47.5
Mustafizur to Woakes, 2 runs, fullish ball at 136kph, chipped over cover for a couple. Mosaddek Hossain doesn't attack the ball and that enabled the batsmen to come back for the second
47.4
Mustafizur to Woakes, no run, 133kph, wide yorker outside off, Woakes can't make contact
47.3
Mustafizur to Woakes, SIX, over-does the short-ball plan and becomes predictable ... hence pays the price. Woakes saw it coming, waited for the ball on the back foot and smashed the pull over deep mid-wicket. It came right off the meat of the bat
47.2
Mustafizur to Woakes, no run, 123kph, hitting the surface and gets it to deviate away from the right-hander. Woakes pokes and gets beaten on the outside edge
47.1
Mustafizur to Stokes, out Caught by Mortaza!! Mashrafe almost made a mess of it. Banged in short from over the wicket and Stokes looked to elevate it over the covers after walking down the pitch. He played the shot despite the ball getting big on him. Lost his timing in the process and the ball went up a long way. A straightforward catch at point, but Mortaza makes it difficult by juggling it a couple of times before finally holding onto it wkt (6-341) min (13m). Stokes c Mortaza b Mustafizur 6(7)
46.6
Mehidy Hasan to Stokes, 1 run, a wicket and just six runs off the over. Fuller length ball and Stokes eases the drive to long-off
46.5
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, out Caught by Soumya Sarkar!! This is turning out to be an excellent over for Bangladesh. Mehidy Hasan scalps the England captain, courtesy a brilliant catch from Soumya Sarkar. Morgan gets underneath this in-drifer, but couldn't middle his loft. The ball lobs up off the bottom part of the bat and it was dipping at the fielder. Sarkar ran in from long-on, kept his eyes on the ball and completed a superb low catch bending forward wkt (5-340) min (56m). Morgan c Soumya Sarkar b Mehidy Hasan 35(33) [4s-1 6s-2]
46.4
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, 2 runs, a valiant effort from Tamim, but to no avail. Morgan miscues the lofted straight drive ... as he got it off the toe end. Tamim moved to his left from long-off and put a lil dive, couldn't hold onto it
46.3
Mehidy Hasan to Stokes, 1 run, flat ball at 94kph, Stokes can only slap it to long-off
46.2
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, 1 run, quicker and wider, Morgan reaches out and chops it to sweeper cover
46.1
Mehidy Hasan to Stokes, 1 run, slants in a flat ball from wide of the crease (round the wicket), tapped to mid-wicket
45.6
Saifuddin to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length delivery, Stokes is on the walk as he punches it to mid-off
45.5
Saifuddin to Stokes, 2 runs, 125kph, good length ball on the stumps, Stokes turns it into the mid-wicket pocket and straightaway calls for two
45.4
Saifuddin to Stokes, no run, 129kph, short of length delivery, punched back to the bowler
45.3
Saifuddin to Morgan, 1 run, slower ball from a short of length, Morgan waits and employs a one-legged pull through backward square leg
45.3
Saifuddin to Morgan, wide, slower delivery, but wasted down leg, nothing doing from Morgan
45.2
Saifuddin to Buttler, out Caught by Soumya Sarkar!! Holed out in the deep! End of another fine knock from Buttler. An in-angling fullish ball on leg-stump, was there to be hit and Buttler went after it with an aerial flick. However, he got the placement wrong. Soumya Sarkar moves to his right at deep backward square leg and takes a pressure catch with both hands just in front of the ropes wkt (4-330) min (66m). Buttler c Soumya Sarkar b Saifuddin 64(44) [4s-2 6s-4]
45.1
Saifuddin to Buttler, SIX, wow! A short ball at 128kph, Buttler waited for it, jumped and flat-batted it over long-off. He had to generate power and he did so with rather ease
44.6
Shakib to Morgan, no run, 95kph, darted wide of off, Morgan has a good look at it before shouldering arms. The skipper reckons it's a wide and has a look at the umpire. Deemed as a fair delivery. Ends Shakib's spell: 0/71 off his ten
44.5
Shakib to Buttler, 1 run, Buttler stays leg-side of the ball and crouches a bit to drill this flat ball to long-off
44.4
Shakib to Morgan, 1 run, quick and shorter, Morgan under-edges the chop to point. A single nabbed
44.3
Shakib to Morgan, no run, good comeback from Shakib who slips in a yorker. Morgan inside-edges it onto his boot
44.2
Shakib to Morgan, SIX, this was coming! Morgan had to go after Shakib and he does so in style. Charges down the track, gets to the pitch and thumps it over the bowler's head. The sightscreen has to bear the brunt
44.1
Shakib to Buttler, 1 run, on the pads, nurdled to the left of short fine leg
43.6
Mustafizur to Buttler, 1 run, 124kph, banged in halfway down, pulled hard but straight to deep mid-wicket. Just six runs off the over! Good death bowling from Mustafizur
43.5
Mustafizur to Buttler, no run, another one in the blochole, marginally outside off and Buttler squeezes it to backward point
43.4
Mustafizur to Buttler, no run, short and wide, Buttler hops to probably play an upper cut, ends up chopping it back to the bowler
43.3
Mustafizur to Morgan, 1 run, dug in short and Morgan can only get a top-edge on his pull. Rahim moves to his right and takes a catch, that doesn't count. A single off the free-hit
43.3
Mustafizur to Buttler, no ball, 1 run, slips in the yorker at 138kph, Buttler backed away and jammed it through covers. Oh my! Mustafizur has overstepped
43.2
Mustafizur to Morgan, 1 run, into the surface and cramps Morgan for room, swivel-pulled to deep backward square leg
43.1
Mustafizur to Buttler, 1 run, hobbles across for a single! A harmless shortish ball which has been muscled to deep mid-wicket with a pull shot
42.6
Shakib to Buttler, 1 run, 90kph, full and outside off, Buttler leans across and hammers it to deep cover
42.6
Shakib to Buttler, wide, fired down leg and Buttler fails to put bat on ball trying to play the vertical-batted sweep
42.5
Shakib to Morgan, 1 run, fired full on the stumps, hacked away to deep mid-wicket
42.4
Shakib to Buttler, 1 run, reaches out for this full-and-wide ball and miscues it towards short extra cover. Shakib gets to the ball quickly and scores a direct-hit at the bowler's end. The TV umpire is called, Buttler is in. But, the wicketkeeper-batsman is in some discomfort!
42.3
Shakib to Buttler, 2 runs, clips this leg-stump line ball through the on-side and hurries back for the second. Fifty for Buttler, and he raises his bat up. Loud applause from the crowd
42.2
Shakib to Morgan, 1 run, stump-to-stump line, patted to extra cover and the batters scamper through for a sharp single. The throw comes to the keeper's end, Buttler is easily in
42.1
Shakib to Morgan, FOUR, width on offer outside off at 93kph, just a tad short and that's enough for the skipper. Those quick hands from Morgan helps him scythe it through the gap between backward point and short third man
41.6
Mustafizur to Buttler, 2 runs, 119kph, short again, Mustafizur rolled his fingers across the seam too. Buttler jumps and pulls it in front of square on the on-side for a couple more
41.5
Mustafizur to Buttler, no run, bowls it into surface at 128kph, Buttler is taken aback by the bounce and decides to block it into the pitch
41.4
Mustafizur to Buttler, SIX, Buttler sends another one into River Taff! Mustafizur bowls one (fuller ball) right in the batsman's arc, Buttler sets his base in the crease and bludgeons it over long-on with a good swing of the bat. A different ball, plaese!
41.3
Mustafizur to Buttler, 2 runs, 124kph, on a length, Buttler opens his bat-face and pushes it through point. Buttler comes back for the second; brilliant running
41.2
Mustafizur to Morgan, 1 run, 132kph, fuller than a good length ball, push-driven to long-on for an easy single
41.2
Mustafizur to Morgan, wide, d 132kph, Mustafizur errs in line by slipping one down leg. Goes past Morgan's flick and Rahim dives to his right to gather it
41.1
Mustafizur to Buttler, 1 run, low full toss at 131kph, Buttler drills it straight down the ground, hit the pitch and beat the bowler's jump. A single taken as the ball rolls to long-off
40.6
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 1 run, a low full toss and Mehidy gets away with it as Buttler heaves it away to cow corner
40.5
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 2 runs, similar ball, Buttler moves leg-side and powers it to the right of long-on, who slides across and makes a good stop
40.4
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, FOUR, incredible shot! Wasn't a bad ball at all. Mehidy fired it full on leg and middle, Buttler slightly bends his back leg and batters it through the gap between long-on and deep mid-wicket. Brilliant placement
40.3
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, 1 run, in-angler on a length, punched down to long-off
40.2
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, no run, 85kph, tossed up delivery, Morgan comes forward and blocks
40.1
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 1 run, darted on leg, toe-ended clip to mid-wicket
40.1
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, wide, slips a wide ball down leg from round the wicket
39.6
Mortaza to Buttler, 1 run, full on leg and middle, flicked away to deep mid-wicket. A small misfield from Soumya Sarkar in the deep, but the batsmen decide against the second
39.5
Mortaza to Morgan, 1 run, in-slanter from a good length, knocked down to long-on
39.4
Mortaza to Morgan, no run, Mortaza shortens his length and a hopping Morgan pokes it towards point
39.3
Mortaza to Morgan, SIX, effortless! Mortaza overpitches and offers width as well. Morgan gets forward and smacks it through the line. Hoisted over long-off. A clean strike!
39.2
Mortaza to Morgan, no run, pitched up delivery outside off, Morgan leans and drives it straight to mid-off
39.1
Mortaza to Morgan, no run, short of a good length ball from round the wicket, no room on offer. Morgan defends it from the crease
38.6
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, 1 run, decent over from Mehidy. England's captain allows the ball to come to him and dinks it to long-on
38.5
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, no run, hint of in-drift, Morgan is content in blocking it down the pitch
38.4
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, no run, pushed off the inner edge into the on-side
38.3
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, 2 runs, sloppy! Touch short and Morgan cuts it to backward point, who allows it to go through him. Two more bonus runs for England
38.2
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, no run, gives a bit of air on this delivery and Morgan gets it off the outside part of the bat as he drives. Rolls to backward point
38.1
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 1 run, very full ball from round the wicket at 102kph, drilled to long-on
37.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, 1 run, flatter around middle and leg, Buttler works it through the gap at mid-wicket. 19 runs off the over!
37.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, SIX, tonked over long-on! Buttler treks back, gets into position and bludgeons it over the comm-box at Cardiff. Time for a new ball!
37.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Morgan, 1 run, tossed up delivery around off, Morgan knocks it down to long-off, single taken
37.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, 1 run, clips the floated delivery to deep mid-wicket
37.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, FOUR, smashed through covers! Backs away, manufactures room and slaps the flatter delivery past the man at cover. England on the charge as Jos shifts gears
37.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, SIX, Buttler is into the attack. Walks down the wicket and picks the floated delivery over wide long-on, nicely struck shot
36.6
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 1 run, back in his crease to manoever it to the right of deep mid-wicket
36.5
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, no run, floated on off and it's been blocked by Buttler
36.4
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, 1 run, drives this one through cover-point for a run
36.3
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, no run, drives the floated delivery to covers
36.2
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, leg byes, 1 run, appeal for an lbw but the umpire is unmoved. He signalled it a leg bye but there was an inside edge too. Buttler was trying to flick it into the leg side as the ball clipped his pads off an inside edge. The umpire thought it was sliding down the leg side but there bat involved too
36.1
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, no run, skidding along the deck outside off, Buttler slices it to short third man
35.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, 1 run, darted on leg, Buttler nudges it through square leg, a run more
35.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Morgan, 1 run, works this one through mid-wicket for a single
35.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Morgan, no run, flatter around off, Morgan punches it back to the bowler
35.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, 1 run, back in his crease to pull the short ball to deep mid-wicket, just a single
35.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Morgan, 1 run, in the channel outside off, Morgan slaps it through covers for a single
35.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Buttler, 1 run, flatter and quicker on the pads, Buttler clips it through square leg for a single
34.6
Mehidy Hasan to Morgan, no run, flighted delivery around off, Morgan defends it watchfully
34.5
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 1 run, full and floated around off, Buttler eases it in front of point
34.4
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, out Caught by Mortaza!! Roy departs after playing the best knock of the tournament. The rush of adrenaline gets the better of him. Was looking to hit six sixes in an over, it seems. Comes down the wicket and swings hard at the widish delivery, miscuing it to the man at covers. Bangladesh skipper settles underneath and makes sure to hold on to it. End of an entertaining knock by the English opener as the spectators give him a standing ovation. Smiling faces in the balcony proves how happy his team mates are wkt (3-235) min (153m). Roy c Mortaza b Mehidy Hasan 153(121) [4s-14 6s-5]
34.3
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, SIX, 6, 6, 6! Hatrick of sixes by Roy and he brings up his 150 in some style. Walks down the wicket and heaves the floated delivery for another gigantic six
34.2
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, SIX, ruthless batting from Roy! Puts on dancing shoes again and thumps the floated delivery over long-on for six more. Raining sixes
34.1
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, SIX, that's a massive six! Roy puts on his dancing shoes and smokes it over deep mid-wicket for half-a-dozen. Carnage on the cards!
33.6
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, puts on his dancing shoes and smacks it to long-on for a single
33.5
Saifuddin to Buttler, 1 run, swinging into the batsman on a length, Buttler drives it down to long-on for a single
33.4
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Roy makes room and carves it to point
33.3
Saifuddin to Roy, no run, pitched on a full length and it's been clipped crisply to short mid-wicket
33.2
Saifuddin to Buttler, 1 run, on a length around off, Buttler punches it through covers for a single
33.1
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Roy punches it down to long-on
32.6
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, makes room and smashes the short ball to long-off
32.5
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 1 run, clips the floated delivery to mid-wicket for a single
32.4
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, no run, short in length around off, Buttler hangs back in his crease and bunts it back to Mehidy
32.3
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, no run, flatter again by Mehidy Hasan and Buttler nudges it into the leg side, soft hands
32.2
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, back in his crease to nudge the flatter delivery past the bowler, single at long-on
32.1
Mehidy Hasan to Buttler, 1 run, full and floated on middle and leg, Buttler clips it through mid-wicket for a single
31.6
Saifuddin to Buttler, 1 run, slower one yet again, Buttler clips it in front of short fine leg and gets a single
31.5
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, yorker length delivery by Saifuddin and it's been squeezed down to long-on by Roy
31.4
Saifuddin to Buttler, leg byes, 1 run, Bangladesh have taken a review against Buttler! Looks very close but Buttler was down the wicket when the ball struck him. He was trying to flick the ball through the on side but it skids along the deck and strikes him on the pad. The impact was around middle but the angle was taking it down the leg side. Not out is the final call and the onfield decision stays
31.3
Saifuddin to Root, out Bowled!! Game over for Joe Root! That's his lowest score of #CWC19 so far. Saifuddin bowls a deceptive off-cutter around off, Root tries to hack across the line but he misreads the pace. An inside edge is induced due to the lack of timing and it chops on to the stumps. But the fall of wickets would hardly matter as England bat till wkt (2-205) min (54m). Root b Saifuddin 21(29) [4s-1]
31.2
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, hacks the length delivery down to long-on and hands over the strike to his partner
31.1
Saifuddin to Roy, 2 runs, Roy wouldn't be pleased as he's missed out on a full toss. Fails to put it away as he heaves it to the fielder at deep mid-wicket, two more as the fielder in the deep has to cover a lot of ground
30.6
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, tries to play a sweep but doesn't get the timing right, the ball comes off an inside edge and drops into the leg side
30.5
Shakib to Root, 1 run, eases this one down to long-off for an easy single
30.4
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, Roy now becomes the leading run getter of the tournament. Slaps the slider to long-off and overtakes Root
30.3
Shakib to Roy, SIX, thumped over long-on! Floated on middle and leg, Roy shimmies down the wicket and smokes it over long-on for a clean six. The fielder near the fence was just a mere spectator
30.2
Shakib to Roy, FOUR, another boundary. Through the same region! Floated ball outside off and Roy creams it through covers yet again, beating the same fielder yet again
30.1
Shakib to Roy, FOUR, all about power! Shakib pitches this one up and Roy absolutely creams it through the gap at extra-cover. The fielder at long-off was sprinting across but it had so much power, that it couldn't have been stopped
29.6
Saifuddin to Root, no run, pitched on a full length and it's been eased back to the bowler by Root. Saifuddin extends his right hand out and parries it to the man at mid-on
29.5
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, short and wide outside off, Roy has to reach out for it with a forehand smash, single at long-on
29.4
Saifuddin to Roy, no run, pitches this one a bit fuller as compared to the previous ball, Roy has helped this one straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
29.3
Saifuddin to Roy, 2 runs, back in his crease in order to nudge the short of a length delivery through the gap at mid-wicket. Comfortable two for the batsman
29.2
Saifuddin to Roy, no run, direct-hit at the striker's end but Roy drags his bat in. He had no clue where the ball was, hence the opener left his crease. Came down the wicket to swing across the line and got an inside edge that ricochets off the pads towards Rahim
29.1
Saifuddin to Root, 1 run, seaming into the batsman on a length, Root knocks it down to long-on and gets a single
28.6
Mustafizur to Roy, 2 runs, 50-run stand up between Roy and Root. Short ball that climbs on to the batsman, Roy tries to pull but the ball catches a top-edge and falls in no man's land near deep square leg
28.5
Mustafizur to Roy, 2 runs, short of a length outside off, Roy carves it to square third man for a couple of runs more
28.4
Mustafizur to Roy, 2 runs, not best of the days for Bangladesh in the outfield. England have sneaked in with another brace, there was only a single to be honest. Back of a length around thigh and Roy tucks it to fine leg neatly
28.3
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, full length delivery outside off, Roy tries to play a scoop but doesn't connect
28.2
Mustafizur to Root, 1 run, short of a length outside off, Root waits for the ball to arrive and steers it down to third man
28.1
Mustafizur to Root, no run, back of a length outside off, from round the wicket and Root plays it with soft hands towards the keeper, could have easily chopped that on to the stumps
27.6
Saifuddin to Roy, no run, short of a length around off, seaming into the batsman, Roy tries to play it into the off side and ends up getting an inside edge on to his pads
27.5
Saifuddin to Root, 1 run, skiddy length delivery outside off, Root stays on his back foot and slices it down to third man
27.4
Saifuddin to Root, no run, drives the fullish delivery straight back to the bowler who throws himself to his right and stops it, parrying it away to Roy eventually
27.3
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, makes room and punches the back of a length down to long-off
27.2
Saifuddin to Root, 1 run, back of a length outside off, steered to third man by Root
27.1
Saifuddin to Root, FOUR, Saifuddin is getting belted today. Had a good game against New Zealand but he's taken to the cleaners by England. Root treks back and pulls the short ball through square leg, away to the fence in no time
26.6
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, short of a length around middle and leg, Roy nudges it into the leg side
26.5
Mustafizur to Roy, FOUR, century no.9 for Jason Roy! Had a horrible game against Pakistan and makes a comeback in the best possible style. Gets to the three digit figure and takes down the umpire in the process. A misfield by the fielder at deep square leg helps him get there. Was a short ball that was pulled away from the batsman and both him and the umpire were ball watching, and that resulted in that clash. Fine knock, nevertheless. The real England have well and truly arrived. Bairstow got a fifty and his partner gets a hundred. Ominous signs for Bangladesh!
26.4
Mustafizur to Root, 1 run, pitched up in the channel outside off, Root goes down on his knee and drives it past the man at cover, easy single
26.3
Mustafizur to Roy, 1 run, on a length outside off and angled across the batsman, Roy comes on his front foot and square drives it through the gap at cover-point
26.3
Mustafizur to Roy, wide, sprays this one down the leg side, sliding along the deck, Roy tries to hack across the line but it misses his blade, wide given
26.2
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, seaming into the batsman around middle and leg, from back of a length it shapes into the batsman who watchfully knocks it back to the Fizz
26.1
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, on a length around off, Roy punches it on the up and finds the man at mid-off
25.6
Mortaza to Root, no run, that one skid along. Hit the deck on back of a length and came it to strike the batsman high on his thigh pad. Root was trying to tuck it across the line but couldn't connect it. Clearly sliding down the leg side though. No point of appealing, hence the fielding team doesn't
25.5
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, short of a length around off and it's been eased down to long-off by Roy, another single
25.4
Mortaza to Roy, 2 runs, back of a length around off, Roy knocks it into the off side and the fielder from deep mid-off has a shy at the striker's end. No fielder backing up and the batsmen take another run. Sloppy from Bangladesh
25.3
Mortaza to Root, 1 run, walks down the wicket and knocks the length delivery past the sprinter at mid-wicket, takes a single as the ball rolls down to long-on
25.2
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, short and at the stumps, Roy swivels across and shovels it wide of mid-wicket for a single
25.1
Mortaza to Root, 1 run, on a good length and angling into the right-hander, Root pushes forward and clips it in front of square on the on-side for a single
24.6
Mustafizur to Root, 1 run, short of a length and on Root's pads, flicked behind square on the on-side for a single
24.5
Mustafizur to Root, no run, Mustafizur keeps it full and angles this one across the right-hander, Root went hard on the drive and mistimed it to cover
24.4
Mustafizur to Root, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Root prods across and defends it back at the bowler
24.3
Mustafizur to Roy, 1 run, on a good length and on Roy's pads, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single
24.2
Mustafizur to Root, 1 run, Mustafizur shortens his length outside off, dabbed down towards third man for a single
24.1
Mustafizur to Roy, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, chopped down towards third man for a single
23.6
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, on a length and on Roy's pads, tucked in front of square on the on-side for a single
23.5
Mortaza to Root, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, cracked square on the off-side for a single
23.4
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, tad fuller and at the stumps, punched down to mid-on - who is at the edge of the circle - another easy single for Roy
23.3
Mortaza to Root, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, clipped away in front of square on the on-side for a single
23.2
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, Mortaza shortens his length on middle, worked away wide of mid-on for a single
23.1
Mortaza to Roy, no run, fuller length delivery and angling across the right-hander, Roy went hard on the drive and mistimed it to mid-on
22.6
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, tossed up around the leg-stump line, eased down towards long-on for a single
22.5
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, FOUR, cracking shot, tad too short from Mehidy, Roy rocks back and pulls it over mid-wicket, couple of bounces and over the ropes
22.4
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, no run, appeal for LBW, but the angle was always taking the ball down leg, tossed up slower and around middle, Roy went down on the reverse sweep and missed
22.3
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, no run, Mehidy drifts one on Roy's pads, nudged to the on-side
22.2
Mehidy Hasan to Root, 1 run, tossed up around the leg-stump line, clipped off the back-foot and past square leg for a single
22.1
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, Roy shimmies down the track to a well flighted delivery and works it past mid-wicket for a single
21.6
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, tad fuller and well outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
21.5
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, dabbed with a closed face to backward point
21.4
Mortaza to Root, 1 run, tad fuller and on Root's pads, clipped backward of square on the on-side for a single
21.3
Mortaza to Root, no run, on a good length and just outside off, driven straight to the fielder at mid-off
21.2
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, short of a length and angling across the right-hander, Roy went hard on the cut and mistimed it towards mid-off
21.1
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a good length and just outside off, pushed to the right of the bowler who throws himself at the ball and stops it
20.6
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, Mehidy drops one short and well outside off, Roy backs away and punches it to deep cover for a single
20.5
Mehidy Hasan to Root, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, worked in front of square on the on-side for a run
20.4
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, fraction short and just outside off, punched off the back-foot towards mid-off where Soumya was on his heels - a sharp single for Roy
20.3
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, no run, tossed up and drifting away with the angle, Roy pushes it to mid-off
20.2
Mehidy Hasan to Root, 1 run, flighted outside off, eased down towards long-on for a single
20.1
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, tossed up at the stumps, punched down to long-on where there's a fumble from Tamim - but Roy was slow on the first run and can't take advantage
19.6
Mortaza to Root, no run, tad too straight from Mashrafe, on Root's pads and his flicks finds Saifuddin at mid-wicket
19.5
Mortaza to Root, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Root hops across and pushes it to backward point
19.4
Mortaza to Root, no run, fuller length delivery on off, Root leans forward and finds mid-on
19.3
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, short of a length and on Roy's hips, flicked in front of square on the on-side for a single
19.2
Mortaza to Root, 1 run, short of a length and angling down leg, Root swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it down to long leg, off the mark with a single
19.1
Mortaza to Bairstow, out Caught by Mehidy Hasan!! That's a fine low catch from Mehidy and the Bangladeshi captain has broken through - back of a length and angling across the right-hander, Bairstow was looking to tuck it to the on-side, closed the bat-face early and the leading edge popped to the left of cover-point. Mehidy had a lot of distance to cover and then had to throw himself at the ball. He does so and plucks a fine catch - just inches above the turf. The dangerous Bairstow falls and England have lost their first wicket wkt (1-128) min (81m). Bairstow c Mehidy Hasan b Mortaza 51(50) [4s-6]
18.6
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, FOUR, lovely, not a bad delivery at all from Mehidy, tossed up nicely outside off, Roy makes room and then chops it in front of square on the off-side, finds the gap wide of cover-point and the ball rolls away to the ropes
18.5
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, no run, Roy comes down the track to a well flighted delivery and is beaten by the angle, struck low on the pad
18.4
Mehidy Hasan to Bairstow, 1 run, Mehidy drops one short and well outside off, punched down towards long-off for a single
18.3
Mehidy Hasan to Bairstow, 2 runs, fifty for Bairstow, his 10th in ODIs, first in World Cups, flighted delivery on the leg-stump line, he nudged it in front of mid-wicket and called his partner through for a second run
18.2
Mehidy Hasan to Bairstow, no run, flighted delivery on the leg-stump line, nudged towards the on-side
18.1
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, flatter and at the stumps, punched down towards long-on for a single
17.6
Mortaza to Bairstow, 2 runs, that's very average from Shakib - the wheels are coming off Bangladesh and Mashrafe looks visibly annoyed, length ball outside off and it was punched down towards long-off - for some reason, Shakib, after stopping the ball lobbed it towards Mahmudullah at mid-on. Roy spots the gaffe and calls his partner across for a second run
17.5
Mortaza to Bairstow, FOUR, beautifully played, tad too short and on Bairstow's hips, he swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it behind square on the on-side for a boundary
17.4
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven down towards long-off for a single
17.3
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, Roy pushes forward tamely and finds cover
17.2
Mortaza to Roy, no run, short of a length and on Roy's pads, he was looking to flick and missed
17.1
Mortaza to Bairstow, 1 run, on a good length and on Bairstow's pads, clipped past square leg for a single
16.6
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, no run, Mehidy drifts one on Roy's pads, he was looking to flick and missed - might have grazed the inside edge before clipping the pads, was angling down anyway and there's no real appeal
16.5
Mehidy Hasan to Bairstow, 1 run, Mehidy tosses one on off, Bairstow prods across and works it wide of mid-wicket for a single
16.4
Mehidy Hasan to Bairstow, no run, slower and just outside off, Bairstow shuffles across and clips it to mid-wicket
16.3
Mehidy Hasan to Bairstow, no run, nicely flighted outside off, pushed back at the bowler
16.2
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, 1 run, tossed up at the stumps, punched down towards long-on for a single
16.1
Mehidy Hasan to Roy, no run, flatter and at the stumps, Roy makes room and finds cover with the cut
15.6
Mustafizur to Roy, 1 run, short of a length and on Roy's hips, pulled down towards long leg for a single
15.5
Mustafizur to Roy, 2 runs, Bairstow was in big trouble - but the ball was thrown to the wrong end - pitched up and well outside off, punched to deep cover and Roy was always coming back for the second. Bairstow froze and was way too late in going for the run - fortunately for him, the throw was weak and it went to Roy's end instead
15.4
Mustafizur to Roy, FOUR, lovely, full and wide of off, Roy leans across and then drills it over extra-cover, the timing is sweet and the ball runs away to the ropes
15.3
Mustafizur to Bairstow, 1 run, short of a length and around the off-stump line, tucked behind square on the off-side for a single
15.2
Mustafizur to Roy, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Roy runs it down towards third man for a single
15.1
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, rush of blood from Roy, backed away and then came down the track - Mustafizur spotted it and went wide of off, a swish and a miss
14.6
Shakib to Bairstow, FOUR, poor ball from Shakib, dropped it short and angled it down leg, all Bairstow had to do was to get a neat little glance - he does so and the ball runs away past short fine
14.5
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, slower and on off, Bairstow gets half-forward in defence
14.4
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, nicely chipped by Roy, Shakib took the pace off this well flighted delivery - Roy had to reach out and then scooped it over the bowler's head
14.3
Shakib to Roy, no run, pushed through flatter and on Roy's pads, clipped straight to the fielder at backward square leg
14.2
Shakib to Bairstow, 1 run, Shakib drops one short and well outside off, punched square on the off-side for a single
14.1
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, Bairstow leans forward defensively
13.6
Mustafizur to Roy, 2 runs, the leg-cutter from Mustafizur, Roy waits on it and chops it behind square on the off-side for a couple of runs
13.5
Mustafizur to Roy, FOUR, cracking shot, pitched up and well wide of off, Roy leans into the drive and clears the inner ring, no chance for the man getting across from long-off
13.4
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Roy leans forward on the drive and finds extra-cover
13.3
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, Roy jams his bat down and squeezes it towards backward point
13.2
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, Mustafizur shortens his length outside off, punched off the back-foot and straight to the fielder at cover-point
13.1
Mustafizur to Roy, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Roy plays with soft hands and dabs it towards cover-point
12.6
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, slower and on the stumps, Bairstow was looking to work it away to the on-side. He played it inside the line and outside edge takes it to short third
12.5
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, plunges forward and defends it back
12.4
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, flatter and targeting the stumps, Roy plays it outside the line and inside half of the bat takes it to the on-side for a single
12.3
Shakib to Roy, no run, plunges forward and blocks it to the off-side
12.2
Shakib to Roy, no run, this one came back with the arm, Roy pushed at it down the wrong line. And the inside half of the blade takes it to the on-side
12.1
Shakib to Roy, no run, flatter and coming back into Roy, he cuts it to cover
12.1
Shakib to Roy, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
11.6
Saifuddin to Bairstow, no run, on a length and targeting the stumps, Bairstow thumps it straight to cover
11.5
Saifuddin to Bairstow, no run, stays put in the crease and pushes at it in a confident fashion
11.4
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, punches it down the ground for a single
11.3
Saifuddin to Roy, FOUR, now a cheeky little steer to bring up his fifty! Roy gets the room he was looking for and he opens the face of the bat at the last moment to guide it fine of third man for a boundary
11.2
Saifuddin to Roy, SIX, beware Bangladesh! They both look in their elements. It was in the slot for Roy, he keeps his shape and larrups it straight down the ground. Enough bat on it to clear long-off
11.1
Saifuddin to Roy, no run, punches it straight to mid-off
10.6
Mustafizur to Roy, 1 run, short and targeting the body, Roy hops in the crease and pulls it to fine leg for a single
10.5
Mustafizur to Bairstow, 1 run, gets the line wrong on the slower delivery, it was down the leg-side and Bairstow clips it to fine leg
10.4
Mustafizur to Bairstow, 2 runs, not a lot of room on this delivery, Bairstow manufactures his own room and steers it wide of third man. He will come back for a brace
10.3
Mustafizur to Bairstow, no run, on a length and around off, Bairstow defends it to the off-side
10.2
Mustafizur to Bairstow, FOUR, it will tease the fielder and will reach the fence. On the pads, not the best line to bowl to Jonny. He just flicks it wide of mid-wicket and times it well enough to send it to the ropes
10.1
Mustafizur to Roy, 1 run, starts with a short delivery. It was targeting the body and Roy pulls it away to deep square leg
9.6
Saifuddin to Roy, leg byes, 1 run, errs in line, it was way down the leg-side. Roy misses the flick, it clips his pads and went wide of Rahim who dives but fails to stop it. It hits his hand and that reduces the pace of the ball. They will take a single
9.5
Saifuddin to Roy, no run, might have been a slower delivery, yes, it was. Roy had to adjust his bat swing and he defends it back
9.4
Saifuddin to Roy, FOUR, they have got their eye in and are putting on a show here. It was in the slot, Roy clears his leg, keeps his shape and lofts it straight down the ground with a lot of velocity
9.3
Saifuddin to Bairstow, 1 run, fuller and bowled at the pads, Bairstow flicks it to deep mid-wicket
9.2
Saifuddin to Roy, 1 run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Roy mistimes the pull to deep square leg for a single
9.1
Saifuddin to Roy, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Roy gets behind it and pushes it to cover
8.6
Shakib to Bairstow, FOUR, that is a meaty blow. He went back, converted it into a short one and smoked it over deep mid-wicket for a boundary
8.5
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, slower and on a fuller length, Bairstow plunges forward and blocks it to the off-side
8.4
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, another defensive shot back to the bowler
8.3
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, defends it back to the bowler
8.2
Shakib to Bairstow, 4 runs, they have ran four. This is a rarity in ODI cricket. In fact, in any form of cricket. It was on the stumps, Bairstow goes on the back foot and works it wide of deep mid-wicket. The boundary there is huge and that allowed batsmen to come back for four
8.1
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, blocks it back
7.6
Saifuddin to Bairstow, 1 run, pulls it to deep square leg and retains the strike
7.5
Saifuddin to Bairstow, FOUR, this is a confident looking shot. That's the Jonny we know. Not an overpitchd delivery but Bairstow takes a good stride forward and converts into one. He absolutely smashes it down the ground for a boundary
7.4
Saifuddin to Roy, 3 runs, in the air, wide of backward point. Roy is living dangerously. Roy walked into the shot again, it clipped his outside edge and went in between cover and backward point. They will come back for three
7.4
Saifuddin to Roy, wide, on a good length and well wide of off, Roy walks into it and leaves it alone
7.3
Saifuddin to Bairstow, 3 runs, not the ideal length to pull, Bairstow still went after it. It clipped his inside edge and almost went for a boundary to fine leg. A diving effort from the fielder stops it
7.2
Saifuddin to Bairstow, no run, Saifuddin drags his length back this time and Bairstow pushed it to mid-off
7.1
Saifuddin to Bairstow, FOUR, first boundary for Bairstow! This should get him going. It was an overpitched delivery on the stumps, Bairstow stays put and creams the straight drive, no chance for mid-off as it canters to the fence
6.6
Shakib to Roy, no run, goes on the back foot and tucks it to mid-wicket
6.5
Shakib to Roy, FOUR, there is very little margin of error against Roy in this form. It was marginally short, Roy rocked back and powered the pull shot wide of deep mid-wicket. It rockets to the fence
6.4
Shakib to Roy, no run, miscues it but it lands short of Shakib. He wanted to punch it wide of cover, there was no room for him to free his arms. It clipped the upper half of the bat and ended up short of the bowler
6.3
Shakib to Bairstow, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Bairstow pushes it down the ground
6.2
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, goes on the back foot and works it to the on-side
6.1
Shakib to Roy, FOUR, that was timed magnificently well! It was full and was on the stumps, Roy plunges forward, opens the face of the bat beautifully to place it wide of mid-off for a boundary
5.6
Mortaza to Bairstow, 2 runs, on a length and on the stumps, Bairstow tucks it wide of mid-wicket and he will come back for a brace
5.5
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Roy pushes it straight to mid-off and takes a quick single
5.4
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Roy works it it the on-side
5.3
Mortaza to Roy, FOUR, in the air and just over the fielder. Again, Roy would consider himself lucky. It was on a length and was around off, Roy uses his wrist to work it over mid-wicket. The contact wasn't good enough and it was inches away from the fielder
5.2
Mortaza to Roy, no run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Roy flicks it straight to mid-wicket
5.1
Mortaza to Roy, FOUR, that's edged and four! Some good fortune for Roy there. He charged again, Mortaza delivers it wide of off. Roy slashes at it, it clips his inside edge and goes past leg-stump for a bounbdary. Fielder tried his best but failed to stop it
4.6
Shakib to Roy, 3 runs, another good-looking drive. He dashed down to come close to the ball and finds the gap wide of cover. Outfield isn't lighting quick and it will be stopped inside the ropes
4.5
Shakib to Bairstow, 1 run, plunges forward and taps it wide of the bowler. Bairstow was sharp enough to realise there is a single and he makes it easily in the end
4.4
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, makes room and drives it to the off-side for another single
4.3
Shakib to Bairstow, 1 run, pushes it wide of mid-off and collects a single
4.2
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, quicker and attacking the stumps, Bairstow was late to get his bat down and it almost defeated his defence. In the end, he defended it to the off-side
4.1
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, goes back and nudges it to mid-wicket
3.6
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a length and angling back into Roy, he wanted to tuck it to the on-side. And ended up missing it
3.5
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Roy defends it back
3.4
Mortaza to Bairstow, 1 run, that was short and Bairstow pulled it straight to deep mid-wicket. He found the man to perfection
3.3
Mortaza to Bairstow, no run, he seems nervous. On a length and down the leg-side, Bairstow wanted to work it to the on-side. It came off the leading edge and was in the air, landed short of cover
3.2
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, slightly shorter than the previous delivery and on the stumps, Roy punches it to mid-on and takes a single
3.1
Mortaza to Roy, no run, Roy almost walks into that delivery. It was wide of off and Roy decides to leave it in an unusual manner
2.6
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow is yet to get off the markk after facing 7 balls. He came forward and blocked it back
2.5
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, comes forward and defends it back
2.4
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, slower and targeting the stumps, Roy makes room and pushes it wide of cover for a single
2.3
Shakib to Roy, no run, flatter and wide of off, Roy punches it straight to cover
2.2
Shakib to Roy, no run, plunges forward and blocks it back
2.1
Shakib to Roy, no run, lot of air on that delivery, Roy made room to power it to the off-side. He was early into the shot and it came back to hit his pad after clipping the inside edge
1.6
Mortaza to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow was just a touch late on that delivery, it clipped his inside edge and went back to hit his pads. In the end, it deflected to the off-side
1.5
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Roy tucks it wide of square leg for a single
1.4
Mortaza to Roy, FOUR, that is a glorious straight drive! It was an overpitched delivery on the stumps, Roy takes a good stride forward and drives it straight down the ground wih a lot of class and elegance. It beats mid-on and races to the fence
1.3
Mortaza to Roy, no run, much fuller and attacking the stumps, Roy stays put in the crease and pushes it to mid-on. Roy was looking for a single but decides against it and rightly so
1.2
Mortaza to Roy, no run, this was much straighter, not a lot of movement this time. Roy gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
1.1
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a good length and it moves away off the deck, it was well wide of off. And Roy decides to leave it alone
0.6
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, a good stride forward and a defensive shot to the off-side. Tidy over from Shakib to start the match!
0.5
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, again, it was a flatter delivery. Bairstow stays put in the crease and defends. It bounces just a touch extra and hits Bairstow high on bat
0.4
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, goes back in his crease and nudges it to the on-side
0.3
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, lot of flight on this delivery, Bairstow plants his front foot forward and defends it to the off-side
0.2
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, this was quicker and it was skidding onto the stumps, Roy goes on the back foot and pushes it to short mid-wicket who fumbles and that allows an extra run to be taken
0.1
Shakib to Roy, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Roy plunges forward and blocks it back with a straight bat
Commentary
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
