48.6
Neesham to Brathwaite, out Caught by Boult!! Heartbreak for Brathwaite and Windies. Jubilation for New Zealand. NZ win by 5 runs. Boult at long-on takes a breathtaking catch. He had impeccable balance to ensure he didn't come close to tripping over. As cool as Boult. Coin the phrase. That was short, as expected and Brathwaite retorted with a pull. It went miles and fell only a few metres inside the fence. The longish boundary helped the Kiwis. There was a check for the no-ball but the bowler was well inside the crease. The handshakes continue. KW has some good words for Brathwaite. He deserves more. How on earth does it feel to be Brathwaite? Cricket is a game of margins but a few metres, few inches. The Windies camp is stunned. They were on course for a fairytale but the dreams and means simply weren't on a linear path wkt (10-286) min (117m). Brathwaite c Boult b Neesham 101(82) [4s-9 6s-5]
48.5
Neesham to Brathwaite, no run, and misses the short ball outside off. Was banged in short outside off and Brathwaite failed to pick it up
48.4
Neesham to Brathwaite, 2 runs, pulls it away to deep mid! 6 more needed now. Hundred for the big man! Best ton of the tournament. I don't need to run a poll for this. Whatta knock. Soaks it all in. The Windies fans and the entire squad is up and applauding. This is once in a generation knock
48.3
Neesham to Brathwaite, no run, and another short ball outside off and Brathwaite misses the swat on the on-side. Pressure! Big time pressure. Three dot balls. But still 9 more to go
48.2
Neesham to Brathwaite, no run, that was a high bumper! Too wide outside off and Brathwaite tried to drag it and missed it. Was close to the outer edge as well
48.1
Neesham to Brathwaite, no run, shortish ball and has been stabbed out into the off-side. Playing sensibly. Is waiting for his ball
47.6
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, 1 run, short ball outside off and has been steered over the man at point for a single. Third man cuts the ball off. 8 more needed now
47.5
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, FOUR, four more! Fortune favors the brave. 24 off the over so far. Short ball, was late on it, top-edge and the ball sails over the keeper for a four. 9 more needed to win. He is on 98
47.4
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, SIX, have you been to a roller-coaster? This is the feeling guys. Full toss outside off and has been slammed over deep cover. Sixer. Unreal. Beastly. Moves to 94. 13 more needed now
47.3
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, SIX, what is happening here? That was a low full toss outside off. Brathwaite throws the kitchen sink at it and slices it. The ball went high, very high and lands on the cushion of the ropes. That is a sixer. 19 more needed. 15 balls to go
47.2
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, SIX, short ball and pulled! 25 more needed now. Remember the name? Too early? That went sailing over long-on for a sixer. The length allowed him to get under it and hammer the pull
47.1
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, 2 runs, top-edge on the pull and it lands well away from the man at deep square for a double. Two more reduced from the target. And yes, this is Brathwaite's highest ODI score
46.6
Ferguson to Thomas, no run, full toss! Geez. Could have been a slower ball as the top-order batters have struggled to pick it as well. That was pushed back to the bowler. 33 more needed. 6 shots if you can see it mathematically
46.5
Ferguson to Brathwaite, 1 run, and takes a single now. That was flat-batted on to the on-side. Was pulled with a lot of might but Munro was quick to dive and stop it
46.4
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, stabs the ball out to the man at point. Doesn't take a single
46.3
Ferguson to Brathwaite, SIX, 34 needed now! Whatta shot! That was fuller, in the slot and Brathwaite biffed it with all his might for a sixer over long-off
46.2
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, and he was no where close to that slower ball. That wasn't far away from the sticks as Brathwaite tried to load for a slog
46.1
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, fuller delivery and clubs the ball down to long-on. Was a little uppish but went on a few bounces to the man at long-on
45.6
Boult to Thomas, no run, fuller delivery and has been knocked out into the on-side. Thomas survives and interstingly wants a single. That's confidence
45.5
Boult to Thomas, no run, whatta delivery! Searching for his fifer and delivers an inch perfect yorker. The ball tails in late but Thomas did well to dig it out. One more ball for Boult. One more for Thomas to surive
45.4
Boult to Thomas, no run, length delivery and has been blocked out into the off-side. Solid
45.3
Boult to Brathwaite, 1 run, slaps a short ball aerially and the ball lands just short of the man at cover. They take a single. Why? Brathwaite could have kept the strike
45.2
Boult to Brathwaite, 2 runs, short ball, pulled away and the man at deep mid does well to stop it. They get a brace. Somehow. Thomas was all clueless. Makes it in the end
45.1
Boult to Brathwaite, FOUR, gets a length ball and murders it down the ground for a four. The man at mid-off had no chance
44.6
Ferguson to Cottrell, out Bowled!! full and straight. Knocked him over. The raw pace does it. Cottrell was trying to block but his defences by been gate crashed by a quick flying parabola. The pace on it was too hot to handle for a number 10. Third wicket for Ferguson. He has been top notch today wkt (9-245) min (30m). Cottrell b Ferguson 15(26) [4s-2]
44.5
Ferguson to Cottrell, no run, that was close! Was shuffling across his sticks and the ball went off the pads but the keeper did well to stop that
44.4
Ferguson to Brathwaite, 1 run, punches the ball on the up and gets it into the covers for a single. 47 needed now
44.3
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, and was looking to tap and run! Seriously? WI need runs from him. Not singles
44.2
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, looks to be cheeky! Why? Gets beaten on the outer edge as the ball flew in for the keeper to dive to his left and pouch it
44.1
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, slower delivery outside off and Brathwaite had no clues about it. Was stuck on the back foot and fends at it to get beaten
43.6
Boult to Cottrell, no run, and the four dot balls almost induced the edge! Short, angling across, Cottrell looks to stab at it and misses
43.5
Boult to Cottrell, no run, slower delivery again and has been pushed out to the man at cover. Good over for NZ so far. Pressure?
43.4
Boult to Cottrell, no run, jumps up and stabs the ball down to point
43.3
Boult to Cottrell, no run, was looking to walk into the tuck seeing the slower ball but fails to get it off the square. 48 off 39 balls is doable
43.2
Boult to Cottrell, no run, bangs the ball short, Cottrell again uses his height, jumps and taps the ball down into the deck. Not a great way to deal with short ball but effective indeed
43.1
Boult to Brathwaite, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the hips and has been turned away into the on-side for a single. A bargain the Kiwis won't mind much. Brathwaite is off the strike and Boult has a shy at Cottrell
42.6
Neesham to Cottrell, no run, length delivery and has been pushed out to the man at point
42.5
Neesham to Cottrell, no run, and superb again from Cottrell. Whatta character. Banged in short, Cottrell hops up as much as he can and taps the ball down
42.4
Neesham to Cottrell, FOUR, four more..less than fifty now..length delivery outside off and takes the edge to fly past the keeper. How unlucky for the bowler? But Cottrell can't put a foot wrong today
42.3
Neesham to Cottrell, FOUR, Oh Windies! Are you still in there? That was on the hips and nudged away fine for a four. The Calypso fans are up and awake
42.2
Neesham to Cottrell, no run, quick sharp delivery and Cottrell ducks under it to let it go. These two have added 24 so far
42.1
Neesham to Cottrell, no run, fuller delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side
41.6
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, 'outstanding call' points out Ian Bishop on air. And indeed it was. Pushed out into the off-side, Brathwaite wanted to run. The man at point got to it in a flash and would have been an easy run-out had they looked for a single
41.5
Santner to Brathwaite, 2 runs, tucked away off the pads and they get a couple. There was a stutter but Cottrell makes it. A better throw at the bowler's end was needed. Flatter and quicker may be
41.4
Santner to Cottrell, 1 run, throws his bat at it and gets a thickish edge for the ball to sky up. The man at short third cuts it off
41.3
Santner to Cottrell, no run, goes back and taps the ball down into the on-side
41.2
Santner to Brathwaite, 1 run, pushes the ball out into the off-side for a single. Happy to turn the strike over. Is he right in doing so? We shall see
41.1
Santner to Brathwaite, FOUR, the voices grow louder with a four. Short, outside off and was slashed between point and short third man. 61 needed now. Bad ball and put away
40.6
Neesham to Brathwaite, 1 run, dabs the ball out into the off-side and gets a single
40.5
Neesham to Brathwaite, 2 runs, and overthrows would mean that Brathwaite gets to his fifty. That was pushed out to covers and Santner under-armed the throw at the batter's end to miss it. There was no backing up and they got one run extra. But good knock from Brathwaite. Highly under-rated and an under-achiever he has been in this format. But a fifty in tough times for him
40.4
Neesham to Cottrell, 1 run, you don't want injuries! Neesham and Santer, who came in from cover collide as they tried to pick the ball up. Cottrell tapped the ball out into the off-side and set-off. Santner charged at the ball and so did Neesham and both almost avoided a terrible collision
40.3
Neesham to Cottrell, no run, stays behind the line of the ball and pushes it out
40.2
Neesham to Cottrell, no run, on a length outside off and has been blocked out to cover
40.1
Neesham to Brathwaite, 1 run, to deep square leg
40.1
Neesham to Brathwaite, 1 run, tucks and slips. Gets up and runs for a single. Wanted a second but the slip at the crease didn't allow that. Loses strike
39.6
Santner to Brathwaite, 1 run, Brathwaite gets the single to keep the strike. It is important. 4 off the over. Was a flighted ball and Brathwaite lunged out to stroke the ball down to long-off for a single
39.5
Santner to Cottrell, 1 run, wild heave! Off the inner half of the bat to deep mid for a single
39.4
Santner to Cottrell, no run, strides back and pushes it back to the bowler
39.3
Santner to Cottrell, no run, flighted ball and has been pushed back to the bowler
39.2
Santner to Cottrell, 2 runs, some turn, takes the edge and goes past the man at slip for a double
39.1
Santner to Cottrell, no run, flighted outside off and has been pushed out to cover
38.6
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, FOUR, got squared up, the ball took the edge and flew past the keeper for a four. Windies won't complain. Brathwaite continues to carry the hopes..alone
38.5
Matt Henry to Cottrell, 1 run, steers the ball to third man for a single
38.4
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been driven down to mid-off for a single
38.3
Matt Henry to Cottrell, 1 run, awkward tuck past short mid and the single is taken
38.2
Matt Henry to Cottrell, no run, length delivery and Cottrell hops back to defend this on to the on-side
38.1
Matt Henry to Roach, out Caught by Latham!! Finally the resistance comes to an end. Flirts at a shortish ball outside off and edges it to the keeper. NZ's wicket taking spree had stalled but has got another opening now. Not a great ball but the pace on it did the batter in. Flirtatious approach from Roach and he paid the price for it. Henry brought back to do exactly this and he has delivered wkt (8-211) min (44m). Roach c Latham b Matt Henry 14(31) [6s-1]
37.6
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, flatter delivery and has been punched back to the bowler. 81 needed now. Last two overs have been frugal from NZ
37.5
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, outer-edges the ball away and the man at short third cuts the ball off to his left
37.4
Santner to Roach, 1 run, carves the shortish delivery and the man at short third cuts the ball off
37.3
Santner to Roach, no run, quicker delivery and has been defended into the deck
37.2
Santner to Roach, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
37.1
Santner to Brathwaite, 1 run, flatter ball and has been punched down to long-off for a single
36.6
Matt Henry to Roach, no run, got the room outside off and looked to free his arms but ended up inside edging the ball away to mid-wicket
36.5
Matt Henry to Roach, no run, gets the ball bounce up and Roach saves his throat by tapping the ball down. Got nicely on top of the bounce and guarded it
36.4
Matt Henry to Roach, no run, bangs the ball short, Roach ducks under it
36.3
Matt Henry to Roach, no run, back of a length delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side
36.2
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, 1 run, back of a length delivery and has been punched into the covers for a single
36.1
Matt Henry to Brathwaite, no run, length delivery around the sticks and has been blocked to the man at point
35.6
Ferguson to Roach, no run, in the blockhole but a sturdy defence into the off-side
35.5
Ferguson to Roach, no run, hops back and taps the ball out to point
35.4
Ferguson to Roach, no run, that's a beautiful drive against someone who is bowling quick. Driven to cover
35.3
Ferguson to Brathwaite, 1 run, hops up with the bounce and tucks the ball down to fine leg for a single
35.2
Ferguson to Roach, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Roach pushes it in front of cover-point and is called for a quick single - Santner was quick on the ball, but he can't stop it cleanly
35.1
Ferguson to Roach, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Roach gets behind the line and defends
34.6
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Brathwaite, FOUR, poor ball from Colinde Grandhommehomme, wrong line with fine leg inside the ring, full and down the leg-side, all that Brathwaite had to do was to get some bat on that - he does and the ball runs away to the long leg boundary
34.5
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Brathwaite, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Brathwaite plays with a straight bat and drives it back at the bowler
34.4
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Roach, 1 run, fuller length delivery at the stumps, Roach pushes forward and gets an inside edge past square leg
34.3
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Roach, no run, tad fuller and at the stumps, defended back at the bowler
34.2
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Brathwaite, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, punched back at the bowler - CdG gets a hand onto it, but can't prevent the run
34.1
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Brathwaite, FOUR, easy pickings for Brathwaite, length ball on the pads and he nudges it fine - the fielder was inside the ring and has no chance
33.6
Ferguson to Brathwaite, 1 run, back of a length and well outside off, Brathwaite runs it down towards third man for a single
33.5
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Brathwaite hops across and tucks it towards mid-wicket, wants a single and is sent back
33.4
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, short and wide of off, Brathwaite's feet are static as he aims a casual waft - beaten on the top-edge
33.4
Ferguson to Brathwaite, wide, 5 that's a fiery bouncer from Ferguson, short and kept rising at the right-hander, Brathwaite sways out of the way and Latham can't reach - despite his leap
33.3
Ferguson to Roach, 1 run, short of a length and just outside off, Roach hops across and pushes it in front of cover for a single
33.2
Ferguson to Brathwaite, 1 run, short of a length and on Brathwaite's hips, tucked behind square on the on-side for a single
33.1
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, a direct hit from KW and Roach was running all the way to the pavilion - he had given up and is lucky that the throw missed the stumps, length ball outside off and Brathwaite drove it firmly to the NZ captain
32.6
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Roach, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, blocked back at the bowler
32.5
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Roach, no run, fraction fuller and wider of off, driven straight to the fielder at cover
32.4
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Brathwaite, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, eased back past the bowler for a single
32.3
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Roach, leg byes, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Roach's pads, he was late on the flick and the ball rolls away off his pad to square leg
32.2
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Roach, no run, CdG shortens his length around middle, might have stayed a tad low as well, Roach crouches low and nudges it to the on-side
32.1
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Brathwaite, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, Brathwaite prods half-forward in defence and squirts an inside edge past backward square leg
31.6
Santner to Brathwaite, 1 run, tad too short from Santner, allows Brathwaite to go back and punch it down towards long-on, 15 from the over
31.5
Santner to Roach, 1 run, slower and on off, driven down towards long-off for a single
31.4
Santner to Roach, SIX, Roach wants to a have a piece of it as well, nicely tossed up outside off, he gets a big stride forward and lifts it high and over long-off
31.3
Santner to Roach, no run, pushed through around middle, Roach gets half-forward and blocks
31.2
Santner to Brathwaite, 1 run, flighted on off, eased down towards long-off for a single
31.1
Santner to Brathwaite, SIX, massive, Brathwaite can hit and he can hit it big - tossed up around off, Brathwaite gets a big stride forward and sends it miles into the crowd at long-on
30.6
Boult to Brathwaite, 1 run, short of a length and angling across the right-hander, dabbed down towards third man for a single
30.5
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, driven crisply but straight to the fielder at mid-off
30.4
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, banged in short and holding its line around off, Brathwaite sways away from the line and lets it go
30.3
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, Brathwaite's feet went nowhere as he threw his bat at it, gets an inside edge to the on-side
30.2
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Brathwaite prods across and defends it to the off-side
30.1
Boult to Roach, 1 run, Roach will play his shots, back of a length and well outside off, Roach makes room and slashes it behind square on the off-side - CdG gets across from the deep, slides and keeps the batsmen down to a single
29.6
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, Santner tosses one well outside off, Brathwaite leans forward and blocks
29.5
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, turn and bounce from a length, Brathwaite was making room for the cut and has to abort it at the last moment
29.4
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, nicely tossed up on off, Brathwaite leans forward and pushes it back at the bowler
29.3
Santner to Roach, 1 run, very full and on Roach's pads, worked down towards long-on for a single
29.2
Santner to Roach, no run, nicely flighted outside off, Roach was looking to swing and miss, not too far away from the off-stump
29.1
Santner to Roach, no run, slower and well outside off, Roach stabs at that and pushes it to the off-side
28.6
Boult to Roach, 1 run, short of a length and well wide of off, Roach got himself into an awkward position, but managed to push it square past point for a run
28.5
Boult to Brathwaite, 1 run, tad fuller and just outside off, Brathwaite pushes it in front of mid-off and scampers across for a quick single
28.4
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, short of a length and well outside off, Brathwaite rides the bounce and pushes it to backward point
28.3
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, change of pace from Boult, slower ball at the stumps, driven straight to the fielder at mid-on
28.2
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, Boult shortens his length outside off, Brathwaite plays half-forward and defends it back at the bowler
28.1
Boult to Brathwaite, no run, banged in short and kept climbing onto the right-hander, Brathwaite does well to play with soft hands and defends it to the off-side
27.6
Santner to Roach, no run, nice bit of flight around middle, Roach leans well forward as he blocks
27.5
Santner to Roach, no run, tossed up on off, Roach gets a good stride forward as he defends
27.4
Santner to Brathwaite, 1 run, slower and wider of off, Brathwaite gets a big stride forward and drives it to deep cover
27.3
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, tossed up on off, Brathwaite gets well forward and then blocks
27.2
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, beautifully bowled, nicely drifted in and then spun away, drew Brathwaite forward into the drive and burst past the outside edge
27.1
Santner to Brathwaite, no run, fraction short and at the stumps, worked off the back-foot and straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
26.6
Boult to Roach, no run, full-toss outside off, pushed to the left of cover-point who makes a sliding stop
26.5
Boult to Lewis, out Caught by Neesham!! Catching practice for Neesham and West Indies like Lewis are slowly limping their way out of the World Cup. Banged in short and well outside off, Lewis swivelled across on the pull, struck it pretty neatly - but didn't find the gap nor kept it along the ground, straight into the bucket like hands of Neesham at deep mid-wicket. A horrendous collapse from the kings of Calypso and we are into the first of three number elevens wkt (7-164) min (4m). Lewis c Neesham b Boult 0(3)
26.4
Boult to Lewis, no run, almost the perfect yorker from Boult, Lewis jams his bat down in time and squeezes it out
26.3
Boult to Lewis, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Lewis went hard on the cut, gets an inside edge and the ball bounces past the leg-stump
26.3
Boult to Lewis, wide, Boult fires this one full and way down the leg-side, called as a wide
26.2
Boult to Nurse, out Caught by Latham!! He has gloved it - Nurse and West Indies are falling apart quite spectacularly - banged in short and angling down the leg-side, Nurse was looking to help it on its way, was late on the shot and gloves it through to the keeper. Latham tumbles to his left to pouch that and Nurse becomes Boult's third victim wkt (6-163) min (9m). Nurse c Latham b Boult 1(8)
26.1
Boult to Brathwaite, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Brathwaite hurriedly jabs it in front of mid-on for a single
25.6
Santner to Nurse, no run, Santner drifts one back into the right-hander, Nurse leans across and blocks, Santner returns with a maiden over - much easier to bowl to Nurse than Gayle
25.5
Santner to Nurse, no run, the arm ball from Santner, kept coming back at the right-hander, jabbed back at the bowler
25.4
Santner to Nurse, no run, slower and on off, Nurse leans well forward on the block
25.3
Santner to Nurse, no run, flighted well outside off, Nurse gets a long way across on the sweep, gets an inside edge towards short fine
25.2
Santner to Nurse, no run, tossed up around the leg-stump line, Nurse leans forward and blocks
25.1
Santner to Nurse, no run, pushed through flatter and quicker, Nurse gets his bat down in time and squirts an inside edge to short fine
24.6
Ferguson to Nurse, 1 run, angled on leg, turned to square leg and they will again charge through for a tight single
24.5
Ferguson to Brathwaite, 1 run, dropped in front of cover and they will scamper through for a quick single
24.4
Ferguson to Brathwaite, FOUR, creamed through cover. Ferguson overpitches it from round the wicket, Brathwaite makes him pay by drilling it in the gap on the off-side
24.3
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, very full outside off, squeezed to point
24.2
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, fuller on leg, tucked to square leg
24.1
Ferguson to Brathwaite, FOUR, Lovely from Brathwaite. Freebie from Ferguson, low full toss outside off. Brathwaite bends his knees and times it beautifully through cover
23.6
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, out Caught by Boult!! It's all coming apart for West Indies. Gayle perishes and half the side back in the hut. Grandhomme does the job for his team and the Universe Boss runs out of luck. It was fullish and in the slot, Gayle went after it and lofted it down the ground. Didn't get enough timing on it to clear long-on and holed out to Boult, who pouches it safely. Gayle walks off to a standing ovation from the crowd. It has been a thoroughly entertaining innings wkt (5-152) min (111m). Gayle c Boult b Colinde Grandhommehomme 87(84) [4s-8 6s-6]
23.5
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, 2 runs, slipping down leg, Gayle jerks his lower body and helps it past short fine leg. Gayle calls for two which is a rarity and comes back in safely
23.4
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, pacy length delivery outside off, Gayle flashes hard and edges it to short third man. Wonderful stop from the fielder
23.3
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, FOUR, pressure releaser! Grandhomme hurls the fuller ball in the zone outside off, Gayle protracts his hands at that and lifts it over extra cover. Long-off does his best by diving across but it dribbles away to the boundary
23.2
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, short outside off, Gayle stands tall in his crease and punches it to extra cover
23.1
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, shorter outside off, Gayle throws his bat and flays it to cover
22.6
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, bombards it short outside off, Brathwaite rides the bounce and quells it to backward point
22.5
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, back of a length, snaking in with the angle. Brathwaite hops back and across, nudging it to mid-wicket
22.4
Ferguson to Brathwaite, FOUR, oh, nearly trapped Brathwaite there. Lenght delivery, straightened after pitching and Brathwaite gets squared up completely. Gets a thick outside edge and it wanders to the left of slip, who seems to have got a hand on it but still runs away to the boundary
22.3
Ferguson to Brathwaite, no run, Brathwaite negates the hat-trick delivery. It was short and rising sharply, Brathwaite gets on top of it and blocks
22.2
Ferguson to Holder, out Caught by Latham!! Loud appeal and up goes the finger. Two in two for Ferguson, what a turnaround this in a matter of two balls. West Indies captain gone for a golden duck and they are under the pump now. Very poor from Holder, it was full and wide of off, wise thing would've been to let it go. But instead, he chases without any feet movement and feeds a faint edge to the keeper. New Zealand back in the game. Ferguson on a hat-trick too wkt (4-142) min (2m). Holder c Latham b Ferguson 0(1)
22.1
Ferguson to Hetmyer, out Bowled!! Slower ball works wonders for Ferguson. Hetmyer gets defeated by lack of pace and hears the death rattle. Ferguson roars and claps in delight. This the breakthrough the Kiwis were looking for and Ferguson has gotten rid of the dangerous Hetmyer. It was banged on a short of length, didn't have any pace and the youngster was early into his swing. Gets completely undone there as it slides through and knocks the top of leg-stump. Huge wicket for New Zealand wkt (3-142) min (72m). Hetmyer b Ferguson 54(45) [4s-8 6s-1]
21.6
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, back of a length and rearing up a touch, Gayle tries to block but it hits him high on the bat which made him loosen his grip
21.5
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, FOUR, that's too easy for Gayle. Grandhomme goes short and wide of off, Gayle just had to reach out as he smashes it through cover
21.4
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, nails it into the blockhole outside off, jammed to extra cover
21.3
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, good length outside off, steered to point. Good stop from the fielder
21.2
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, short outside off, Gayle forces it straight to cover
21.1
Colinde Grandhommehomme to Gayle, no run, angling in from round the wicket, defended back to the bowler
20.6
Ferguson to Hetmyer, no run, yorker outside off, Hetmyer backs away and digs it to point
20.5
Ferguson to Gayle, 1 run, length on off, pushed in front of mid-off
20.4
Ferguson to Gayle, no run, slower bouncer which is taking ages to reach Gayle, who fends it to square leg
20.3
Ferguson to Hetmyer, 1 run, toe-crusher from Ferguson, Hetmyer clears his legs and glances it through square leg
20.2
Ferguson to Hetmyer, SIX, blasted over mid-wicket and that will be fifty for Hetmyer. Waves his bat around and he's looking composed and hungry today. Ferguson pounds it short, it sits up majestically for Hetmyer as he hangs back and sends it into the crowd
20.1
Ferguson to Hetmyer, no run, rip-roaring yorker from Ferguson, at the base of middle and Hetmyer gets an inside edge onto his pad as he tries to jam it out
19.6
Santner to Hetmyer, 1 run, miscue from Hetmyer, goes a mile into the blue sky but it falls in no man's land. Such has been New Zealand's story in the last few overs, nothing is going their way. Looped up generously, Hetmyer kneels down aiming for the slog sweep and in the process, loses his shape and top-edges it high and it falls in the vacant mid-wicket region
19.5
Santner to Gayle, 1 run, flicked away to long-on
19.4
Santner to Gayle, no run, rifled quick on middle, turned to square leg
19.3
Santner to Gayle, SIX, Gayle goes again and gets plenty of wood on it to club it into the long-on stands. Santner drops it short, but Gayle picked the length early and went back to dispatch it all the way for a maximum
19.2
Santner to Gayle, SIX, adding fuel to fire, rubbing salt into the wounds and other jazz. The drop catches should hurt and will continue to hurt for New Zealand. Flighted in the range, Gayle gets under it and smokes it over long-on
19.1
Santner to Hetmyer, 1 run, flat and short, Hetmyer camps back and pulls it to deep square leg
18.6
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, fullish on middle, worked to mid-wicket
18.5
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, keeps it full, turned to mid-wicket
18.4
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, very full and outside off, driven to extra cover
18.3
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, 1 run, goes wide of off, forced through cover
18.2
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, no run, played back to the bowler
18.1
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, no run, goodish length outside off, Hetmyer waits back and punches it to cover
17.6
Santner to Gayle, FOUR, in the air and put down by Munro. Well, what's going on? Second drop in the over and you can't afford to give chances to a batsman like Gayle. Slower and on middle, Gayle smashed it without any timing and towards deep mid-wicket. Munro had to run across the turf, covers good ground and gets both hands. Like Henry, he too fails to pocket it. Although it was a relatively tough chance but you got to grab those
17.5
Santner to Gayle, no run, slower on off, smothered
17.4
Santner to Hetmyer, 1 run, flattish outside off, punched to long-off
17.3
Santner to Gayle, 1 run, dropped. Matt Henry drops a sitter at deep square leg. What a big miss! Santner is in disbelief. Low full toss from Santner, Gayle lowers his stance and mows it across the line. It spiralled straight to Henry, who didn't have to move an inch. Got both hands but couldn't cling onto it as it goes to the floor temptingly.. Gayle rides his luck
17.2
Santner to Gayle, SIX, Gayle backs his muscle power and takes on Santner, for a moment looked like it was going straight to the man at deep mid-wicket but in the end, it just clears Munro and soars over his head. Flighted on off, Gayle takes his front leg out of the way and dismisses it high in the air. Fortunately, gets enough wood to clear the ropes for a maximum
17.1
Santner to Gayle, no run, tossed up and cramps Gayle for room, patted back to the bowler
16.6
Matt Henry to Gayle, 1 run, short outside off, thrashed away to sweeper cover
16.5
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, slanting away outside off, Gayle lifts his bat and lets it go
16.4
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, 1 run, stroked towards mid-off
16.3
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, FOUR, if Henry keeps bowling short, he'll keep getting belted. Another short ball that lacked the required venom and Hetmyer this time rolled his wrists to place the pull in front of square and found the gap to perfection
16.2
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, FOUR, it almost seemed like Henry revealed his intentions early and Hetmyer like a pro read the short ball astutely and stood back in his crease to hammer it over mid-wicket. Power-hitting at its best from this young man
16.1
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, no run, back of a length just outside off, Hetmyer sits back and defends it to cover
15.6
Santner to Hetmyer, 1 run, quiet start from Santner. Keeps it short and straight at the stumps, picked away to deep mid-wicket
15.5
Santner to Gayle, 1 run, pushed through quicker, tickled away to deep backward square leg
15.4
Santner to Gayle, no run, some drift for Santner around off, Gayle props half-forward and guides it to point
15.3
Santner to Gayle, no run, darted into the blockhole, Gayle clears his front leg and squeezes it out
15.2
Santner to Gayle, no run, flat, quick attacking the stumps. Gayle stands in his crease and defends
15.1
Santner to Hetmyer, 1 run, quicker at the pads, nurdled behind square on the leg-side
14.6
Neesham to Gayle, no run, goodish length, holding its line outside off. Gayle decides to shoulder arms
14.5
Neesham to Gayle, FOUR, fifty for Gayle but his heart would've been in his mouth for a second there. Shortish and outside off, Gayle sliced it airly and Guptill at point was in business briefly, leaping as high as he could but it cleared him and pistoled away to the boundary. Matured knock from the Universe Boss, gets a round of applause from the crowd to which he acknowledges with a raise of the bat
14.4
Neesham to Gayle, no run, oh, this back of a length delivery skidded through and goes through Gayle's defences. Lack of bounce doing the track and also there was a slight inward movement which beats Gayle's inside edge and rolls to the keeper
14.3
Neesham to Gayle, no run, fuller length, straightening in the corridor outside off. Gayle judges it well and leaves
14.2
Neesham to Hetmyer, 1 run, dug in short, Hetmyer takes it on the front foot and muscles it over mid-wicket
14.1
Neesham to Hetmyer, no run, tempter from Neesham, throwing it up outside off. Hetmyer has a look before waving it through to the keeper
13.6
Ferguson to Hetmyer, 1 run, fired into the pads, Hetmyer clears his legs and clips it to deep mid-wicket
13.5
Ferguson to Hetmyer, FOUR, clobbered over mid-on! Hetmyer takes on a short ball and flat-bats it hard and clears the in-field. This is a brave shot from Hetmyer because it was too pacy
13.4
Ferguson to Gayle, 1 run, persists with short pitch stuff, getting this to rise towards Gayle's chest, who drops it in front of cover
13.3
Ferguson to Gayle, no run, goes fuller, targetting the pads. Flicked to square leg
13.2
Ferguson to Gayle, no run, another lifter, taking off from a length but the line is outside off. So, Gayle has nothing to do with it
13.1
Ferguson to Gayle, no run
13.1
Ferguson to Gayle, no run, brisk bouncer, sharp one and Gayle ducks under it
12.6
Neesham to Hetmyer, no run, shortish just outside off, Hetmyer goes too hard at that and again mistimes it to mid-on
12.5
Neesham to Hetmyer, no run, fullish outside off, Hetmyer flails his hands but the timing is ruined. So drags it to mid-off
12.4
Neesham to Gayle, 1 run, length outside off, punched through cover
12.3
Neesham to Hetmyer, 1 run, half-stop by Guptill, threw himself across and saved three runs for his team. Hetmyer reaches out for the cut and flays it with a horizontal bat
12.2
Neesham to Gayle, 1 run, length but width offered. Gayle gets deep and carves it to third man
12.1
Neesham to Gayle, no run, testing Gayle's patience by wafting a full-bunger outside off. But Universe Boss is happy to let that go
11.6
Ferguson to Hetmyer, no run, full and quick outside off, Hetmyer throws his bat at it but can't connect
11.5
Ferguson to Hetmyer, no run, short and quick around off, angled across the batsman who drops it in front of point with soft hands
11.4
Ferguson to Gayle, 1 run, nudges the short ball to square leg for a single
11.4
Ferguson to Gayle, wide, fires this one down the leg side, Gayle attempts a flick and misses
11.3
Ferguson to Hetmyer, 1 run, short ball down the leg side, hurries up the batsman but Hetmyer does well to drag it to fine leg with a pull
11.2
Ferguson to Gayle, 1 run, good running between the wickets as Gayle taps the length ball in front of cover-point and calls for a quick single
11.1
Ferguson to Gayle, no run, quicker delivery outside off, slanted across the batsman who gets beaten on his poke
10.6
Neesham to Hetmyer, FOUR, so it's not all about power, some finesse and class too. Neesham goes full and wide this time around and Hetmyer crunches his drive through the gap at covers. Three boundaries in the over for Hetty
10.5
Neesham to Hetmyer, FOUR, the boundaries have started to flow since these two batsmen have got along. A loose short ball by Neesham and it's been hammered past the fielder at deep mid-wicket once again, aggression at its best
10.4
Neesham to Hetmyer, no run, back in his crease to ease the back of a length delivery to point
10.3
Neesham to Hetmyer, no run, length delivery around off, Hetmyer plays it with soft hands as the ball drops next to the pitch
10.2
Neesham to Hetmyer, FOUR, no respect whatsoever. Neesham fetches him a short ball but at that pace, it's hardly going to trouble the batsman. Hetmyer connects his pull and manages to beat the fielder at deep mid-wicket
10.1
Neesham to Hetmyer, no run, on a length around off, Hetmyer defends it from within the crease
9.6
Ferguson to Gayle, FOUR, boundary to end the over! Pitched on a full length by the bowler, overpitched delivery and Gayle does well to flick it past the man at short fine leg. He was expecting a short ball by the looks of it and does well to get his bat down and connect it past the man inside the circle
9.5
Ferguson to Hetmyer, 1 run, in the air, but safe! Both batsmen living dangerously. A sharp, quick short ball by Ferguson and Hetmyer gets a top-edge towards deep mid-on as he attempts a pull shot, the fielder was sprinting back but this had enough legs to drop in no man's land
9.4
Ferguson to Hetmyer, FOUR, pulled away! Ferguson fetches Shimmy a short ball and the young left-hander bludgeons it away to the boundary. Gets into position early and hacks it through mid-wicket for four runs
9.3
Ferguson to Hetmyer, no run, pitches this one up around off and it's been jammed back to the bowler
9.2
Ferguson to Hetmyer, no run, back of a length around off, skidding along the deck, Hetmyer makes room and carves it to point
9.1
Ferguson to Hetmyer, no run, right on the money, full length ball aimed at the stumps and Hetmyer drives it back to Ferguson
8.6
Boult to Hetmyer, 1 run, full length delivery in the channel outside off, Hetmyer times his off-drive but Kane Williamson is quick to move across from mid-off and stop it with a dive
8.5
Boult to Hetmyer, no run, short and quick outside off, sliding along the deck and it's been eased to point
8.4
Boult to Gayle, 1 run, short of a length around off, Gayle arches back and steers it to backward point. Playing at it was an after thought
8.3
Boult to Gayle, no run, slower delivery outside off, pitched full and it's been eased in front of covers
8.2
Boult to Gayle, no run, short one around leg, Gayle nudges it to the left side of the bowler
8.1
Boult to Gayle, FOUR, looks like it's his day. Boult nails his yorker to perfection with a hint of inswing but Gayle does equally well to get some bat on it. Squeezes it past the leg-stump as the ball runs away to the fine leg fence
7.6
Matt Henry to Hetmyer, no run, on a length around off, Hetmyer blocks it from within the crease
7.5
Matt Henry to Gayle, 1 run, slices this shortish delivery in front of backward point and scampers across to the other end
7.5
Matt Henry to Gayle, wide, dug in short again and it sails over the giant this time around, wide any day
7.4
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short and quick around off, Gayle attempts a pull and mistimes it towards mid-wicket
7.3
Matt Henry to Gayle, SIX, Henry taken to the cleaners by Gayle. He's over-doing the short ball and getting belted by the Universe Boss. Keeps his eyes on the ball and connects his pull to clear fine leg, Boult was no where close this time around
7.2
Matt Henry to Gayle, SIX, this one is a much better shot. Henry bowls a slower delivery, short in length and it's been thumped over long-on for half a dozen, brute power behind that blow
7.1
Matt Henry to Gayle, FOUR, dropped and moreover it's parried away to the fence. Gayle wasn't in control of his pull shot and gets a top-edge towards deep square leg. Boult sprints back from fine leg, gets his hands to it but fails to cling on to it, parrying it away to the fence
6.6
Boult to Hetmyer, no run, back of a length around off, Hetmyer blocks it off his back foot
6.5
Boult to Hetmyer, 2 runs, pitched on a full length and Hetmyer clips it to deep square leg for a brace
6.4
Boult to Hetmyer, FOUR, impeccable timing. An overpitched delivery by Boult and Hetmyer makes sure to put it away to the fence. Times his flick to perfection and gets it past the fielder at mid-wicket, four runs to get going
6.3
Boult to Hetmyer, no run, pitched on a full length by Boult and it's been flicked to mid-wicket by Hetmyer
6.2
Boult to Pooran, out Caught by Latham!! Short ball does the trick. A nice bouncer by Boult, Pooran goes for a pull but ends up getting a top-edge. An easy catch for Latham and Windies are in early trouble; just like New Zealand were. Excellent spell by Boult who has now taken two wickets wkt (2-20) min (17m). Pooran c Latham b Boult 1(7)
6.1
Boult to Pooran, no run, on a length around middle and leg, Pooran flicks it to the man at mid-wicket
5.6
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short of a length around off, skidding along the deck, Gayle attempts a square cut but doesn't middle it, the ball rolls in front of point
5.5
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, slower short ball by Henry, Gayle read the length early but gets deceived due to the lack of pace. Swivels in order to pull but gets struck on the body
5.4
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short ball again, not much pace on it and the batsman has pulled it to mid-on with a lot of power
5.4
Matt Henry to Gayle, wide, slanted across the batsman in the channel outside off, Gayle has a big swing as he misses, misses the tramline too
5.3
Matt Henry to Gayle, SIX, that shall give him some confidence. Pitched on a full length by Henry, right in the slot and Gayle swings it over deep mid-wicket, clean strike and that shall fetch him half-a-dozen
5.2
Matt Henry to Gayle, FOUR, first boundary of the innings for Gayle. Takes his eyes off the ball and pulls the short one to the fine leg fence
5.1
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short and quick around leg, Gayle sways away
4.6
Boult to Pooran, no run, swinging delivery around off, fullish one that and it's been eased in front of mid-on by Pooran
4.5
Boult to Gayle, 1 run, snaking away from the southpaw outside off, length ball and it's been steered down to third man by Gayle
4.4
Boult to Gayle, no run, outswinger in the channel outside off, back of a length delivery and Gayle chases it with lack of footwork and gets beaten
4.3
Boult to Pooran, 1 run, short and wide outside off, Pooran cuts it down to square third man and takes a single
4.2
Boult to Pooran, no run, short of a length around off, Pooran hangs back and defends it down
4.1
Boult to Gayle, 1 run, pinpoint yorker by Boult, aimed at the toes and it's been clipped through square leg by Gayle
3.6
Matt Henry to Gayle, 1 run, full toss by Henry and Gayle pushes it towards mid-off for a single
3.5
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, that was a cracking shot! Width on offer, in the channel outside off and Gayle has thrashed it towards cover, can't beat the fielder inside the ring though
3.4
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short and quick outside off, angled across the batsman and it's been left alone by Gayle
3.3
Matt Henry to Gayle, leg byes, 2 runs, loosener by Henry, slides this one down the leg side, Gayle could have got some bat on it but he's struggling at the moment, the ball flicks his pads and rolls down to fine leg where Boult sprints and stops it with a slide
3.2
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, 138kph, back of a length in the channel outside off, Gayle eases it towards point from within the crease
3.1
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short ball by Henry, a well directed one and the batsman is forced to duck under that
2.6
Boult to Pooran, no run, directed towards the stumps, length delivery that keeps straight, Pooran is watchful as he covers the stumps and nudges it towards mid-wicket
2.5
Boult to Pooran, no run, back of a length around off, jagging away from the batsman who's eased this in front of point
2.4
Boult to Shai Hope, out Bowled!! The Boult strikes. A full length delivery in the channel outside off, Shai Hope goes for a drive away from his body and chops it on. He's making this a habit of striking early in the innings. The other day he got rid of de Kock and today it's Hope's turn wkt (1-3) min (12m). Shai Hope b Boult 1(3)
2.3
Boult to Shai Hope, no run, on a length outside off, Shai Hope slices it in front of covers
2.2
Boult to Gayle, 1 run, eases this one past the bowler and takes a quick single, mid-on sprints in but Gayle is much quicker
2.1
Boult to Gayle, no run, nearly a perfect delivery, on a length around off and jagging away from the batsman, Gayle plays this with his bat angled towards point
1.6
Matt Henry to Gayle, 1 run, Gayle's off the mark on the 11th ball he faces. Gayle glides this length ball to third man off an outside edge and ambles across to the other end
1.5
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short of a length outside off, slanted across again and it's been patted in front of point with lack of footwork, rather an uncertain one
1.4
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, short and quick outside off, Gayle has a look and sways away
1.3
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, too full, close to a wide yorker and Gayle was in a dilemma there. Was looking to squeeze it out but decides to leave it at the last moment
1.2
Matt Henry to Gayle, no run, spears in a fullish delivery in the channel outside off, slants it across the batsman and that's been left alone by the Universe Boss
1.1
Matt Henry to Shai Hope, 1 run, short of a length around off, Shai Hope plays it late with a glide to third man, single to get off the mark as Windies open their account
0.6
Boult to Gayle, no run, Boult starts off with a maiden. A short ball around off, seaming away from the left hander who pats this into the off side. Six dots to start the innings, decent over by Trent
0.5
Boult to Gayle, no run, almost squared up, pitched on a length around middle and it's been blocked by Gayle
0.4
Boult to Gayle, no run, lovely ball again, swinging away from the batsman on a good length and Gayle plays inside the line, straight through to the keeper
0.3
Boult to Gayle, no run, pitches this one up, hint of swing again and Gayle eases it in front of mid-on this time around
0.2
Boult to Gayle, no run, a sharp shooter, lovely bouncer aimed at the ribs and Gayle is forced to duck under that
0.1
Boult to Gayle, no run, starts with an outswinger, very full in length and Gayle brings his bat down in time to squeeze it out
Commentary
Gayle,Roach,Nurse,Brathwaite,Holder,Lewis,Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhommehomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson
