49.6
Lungi Ngidi to Shadab Khan, 1 run, run-out check for the last ball. That was hit straight to cover. Faf threw it to Ngidi at the bowler's end but the bowler missed the ball and broke the sticks without the ball in his hands. The third umpire confirms it and a single it will be. Was a shortish slower delivery outside off and Shadab Khan powered it away but only till the man at cover. Faf smiles at the end of it but I am sure there is a lot of pensiveness behind that smile
49.5
Lungi Ngidi to Haris Sohail, out Caught by de Kock!! Slower delivery, top-edge and the keeper takes an easy catch. But this has been incredible knock. Pakistan's campaign had derailed off but this one has put it back on the tracks. Impeccable timing and game awareness was shown by Haris Sohail, who was making a comeback into the team. A 59-ball 89 coming in at number 5 has helped Pakistan to breach the 300 mark wkt (7-305) min (95m). Haris Sohail c De Kock b Lungi Ngidi 89(59) [4s-9 6s-3]
49.4
Lungi Ngidi to Sarfaraz, 1 run, gives himself room and clubs the ball down to long-on. Was another slower delivery and hence the batter was devoid of any pace to work with
49.3
Lungi Ngidi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slams the ball uppishly and the man at deep cover cuts it off. That wasn't timed well as Haris Sohail was reaching out for it
49.2
Lungi Ngidi to Sarfaraz, 1 run, slower delivery again, dipping outside off and has been nudged away into the on-side. Sarfaraz does the sensible and turns the strike over. Brain over brawn from Sarfaraz
49.1
Lungi Ngidi to Riaz, out Bowled!! The slower delivery makes a mess of the wood work. Riaz was through with the slog too early and missed the ball. The delivery took its own sweet time to clatter into the top of the sticks. Ngidi is elated but more importantly it is a dot ball and Haris Sohail is off strike. SA will take it wkt (6-133) min (7m). Ngidi on a hat-trick. Riaz b Lungi Ngidi 4(4)
48.6
Rabada to Haris Sohail, FOUR, holds his shape and balance this time. Doesn't give away the hint of preempted movement and Rabada went full on the pads. Haris Sohail clipped it uppishly and got it past the man at deep mid for a four. Rabada's ordinary day at the office comes to an end
48.5
Rabada to Haris Sohail, no run, wow! In the penultimate over Rabada ups the steam on his pace and bangs it in. Haris Sohail was backing away and Rabada followed him to have the batsman lose his balance. Not wided as well as I think it over the shoulder of the bat. Good sharp delivery
48.4
Rabada to Riaz, 1 run, slower and wider ball, Riaz throws his bat at it and gets it off the toe-end of the bat. The man at deep third mops the ball up. Only a single. 300 is up
48.3
Rabada to Haris Sohail, 1 run, follows the batter and nails the yorker. Haris Sohail can only dig it out into the off-side and gets a single
48.2
Rabada to Riaz, 1 run, looks to play the scoop and QDK does really well to dive full length to his left and stop it. That wasn't timed at all. Sohail on 83 and on strike
48.1
Rabada to Riaz, 2 runs, almost in the blockhole zone but the big bat swing takes the ball away into the on-side. The man at long-on mops the ball up
47.6
Lungi Ngidi to Imad Wasim, out Caught by (sub)Duminy!! Looks to go downtown and mistimes the ball. The man at long-off charged at the trajectory and got under the ball to take it inches off the ground. Brilliant catch. Was dipping on him but he did well to cover so much ground and take it. Was a length ball and Imad Wasim failed to get under it properly. A wicket for Ngidi. Hardly any consolation for his poor spell today wkt (5-295) min (33m). Imad Wasim c (sub)Duminy b Lungi Ngidi 23(15) [4s-3]
47.5
Lungi Ngidi to Imad Wasim, FOUR, and the full toss doesn't work this time around. Poor execution from Lungi Ngidi. Loose ball and Imad Wasim slammed it over the head of the bowler for a four
47.4
Lungi Ngidi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slams a low full toss down to long-off on a few bounces. They get a single. Good over so far for the Proteas
47.3
Lungi Ngidi to Imad Wasim, 1 run, hit and run. Mistimed drive to cover and they get a single as the throw at the bowler's end was missed
47.2
Lungi Ngidi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, backs away and gets a slower delivery which he pushes it out into the covers for a single
47.1
Lungi Ngidi to Imad Wasim, 1 run, low full toss and Imad Wasim uses his bat like a sword and scythes the ball to the man at deep mid. Better placement and he would have got a four. Needed to be a little more to the left of the fielder. There was no one at deep square
46.6
Rabada to Imad Wasim, leg byes, 1 run, that should have been a couple. Looked to heave it away and missed it. The ball bobbled away behind square on the on-side and Haris Sohail wanted a second but Imad Wasim sent him back. 10 off the over
46.5
Rabada to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slower delivery and has been steered to deep third. Created room by backing away and then played the dab
46.4
Rabada to Imad Wasim, 1 run, full toss and has been slammed down to long-on for a single
46.3
Rabada to Imad Wasim, FOUR, looks to follow the batter with a short ball but Imad Wasim swivels on the back leg and pulls it fine enough for a four. Didn't look glamorous while playing that but got enough wood on it to send it away
46.2
Rabada to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, fuller delivery and was in the blockhole. But Imad Wasim squeezed the ball out into the on-side. The man at long-on and deep mid almost converged on the ball before the latter picked it up and threw it at the keeper's end. Got two
46.1
Rabada to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fuller ball and lifted away for the man at deep cover to haul it back. More of a shovelled hit from Haris Sohail after he backed away
45.6
Lungi Ngidi to Imad Wasim, no run, slams the slower delivery to the man at cover. Faf there dives and throws it back at the batter's end where Imam was trying to dive back after being sent back by his partner
45.5
Lungi Ngidi to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, and intelligent from Imad Wasim. Knocks the ball out into the on-side with soft hands and scampers back for a double. The man at long-on had a lot of ground to cover and by the time the throw was hauled back, they get a double
45.4
Lungi Ngidi to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, meaty on-drive and a good tag team effort from long-on and long-off helps the ball to stay in the playing area. That was full and Imad Wasim muscled it down the ground. Fifty of the partnership comes up off only 26 balls
45.3
Lungi Ngidi to Haris Sohail, 1 run, slower delivery and has been steered out into the off-side for a single
45.2
Lungi Ngidi to Haris Sohail, SIX, out of the top drawer! Picks the bones out that slower dead meat of a ball. Length, Haris Sohail backed away and creamed it over deep mid. Tahir there stood and saw the ball go over him. 78 for Haris Sohail
45.1
Lungi Ngidi to Haris Sohail, no run, slower delivery and Haris Sohail picks the ball late. Sheds his intentions and blocks the ball out into the off-side
44.6
Chris Morris to Imad Wasim, no run, short delivery and has been pulled out to mid-wicket. Didn't lend enough power on the shot
44.5
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fullish, almost yorkerish, clipped to deep square for a single
44.4
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, FOUR, looks to for an ugly swipe across the line and gets a thickish edge for the ball to race away to the third man fence. Duminy slips in a dive but the momentum took the ball away
44.3
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, SA's fielding has been horrendous to say the least. It is only getting more abominable. That was lofted up, Tahir at deep cover tried to circle under it first and then extended his tentacles to reach it but in vain. Never looked comfortable to take it. Ensures he doesn't collide with Ngidi as well. Two more. What's worse? He overran the ball and Ngidi from cover had to fetch it back
44.2
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, no run, sanity..yorker, Haris Sohail backs away and can only stab it down. No runs as the ball never left the square
44.1
Chris Morris to Imad Wasim, 1 run, wristy whip off the pads and the man at deep mid picks the ball up. Single
43.6
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, FOUR, smears the slower length delivery and had enough muscle behind that shot to take it past mid-on. The man at deep square couldn't cut it off to his right. Pakistan are running away with a late charge here
43.5
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, SIX, what happened there? Duminy didn't pick up the flat hit at long-off, came in first and then back-pedalled to see the ball fly over him. Was a flat hit and had he been at the ropes, things could have been curtains for Haris Sohail. Charged out and slammed it down the ground
43.4
Phehlukwayo to Imad Wasim, 1 run, looks to bring the bat down in a whirlwind motion and inside-halves the ball away into the on-side for a single
43.3
Phehlukwayo to Imad Wasim, FOUR, statement made! Loud and clear. Surfs down the track off his first ball and slams the ball through the covers for a four. The ball sped away between cover and mid-off for a four
43.2
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, 1 run, backs away and cracks the drive down to long-off for a single
43.1
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, no run, shortish delivery and slammed to point
42.6
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 1 run, and Morris shows his athleticism. Gets to the ball to his left quickly, slides, picks the ball up and in one motion has a shy at the bowler's end. The target is missed though and they get a single. Was inside-halved away into the on-side for Morris to show his skills
42.5
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, FOUR, short ball, and put away again. Fifty for Haris Sohail. This is a game turning knock. 53 off 38 balls. 11th ODI fifty for him. And what an occasion to do it. Short, outside off and Haris Sohail backed away to slash the ball away. Was a controlled it and he focussed on placement to get it well to the left of the man at deep third man for a four
42.4
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, no run, bangs the ball short, Haris Sohail ducks under it and lets it go
42.3
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, low full toss and has been creamed past cover for a double
42.2
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, leg byes, 4, walks too much across his sticks, Chris Morris bowls it on the pads and was nurdled away. No wood but doesn't matter as the ball dribbled away to the fence off the pads. Pakistan will take these
42.1
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, Ngidi throws himself at the deep third region and stops it to his left. Was short and Haris Sohail steered it again by using the pace of the bowler
41.6
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, 1 run, steers the ball behind square on the off-side for a single. Was a slower delivery from Phehlukwayo
41.5
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, no run, square drives and finds the man at point. Fuller outside off and Haris Sohail leant into the shot only to find the fielder
41.4
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, FOUR, he is seeing the ball like a football today. Shortish delivery, outside off, Haris Sohail waits and opens the face of the bat. As easy as that. Used the pace of the bowler and ran it down for a four to third man
41.3
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, no run, shortish ball outside off and Haris Sohail looks to slash and misses
41.2
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, out Caught by Lungi Ngidi!! And he is caught at deep cover. Tried to play the lofted shot, opened the bat face on impact but placed it straight to the man at deep cover. Was livid the moment he played it. Timed well but placement went awry. End of a good knock but another one which could(should) have been converted into a ton. SA pick a wicket at the right time wkt (4-224) min (113m). Babar Azam c Lungi Ngidi b Phehlukwayo 69(80) [4s-7]
41.1
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, 2 runs, length delivery and Babar Azam slams that down the ground. The ball landed over the man at mid-off for a double. Didn't time it at all but the ball landed over the fielder. Slightly greasy and Duminy almost slipped trying to fetch it back
40.6
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, pushes the ball away into the off-side with the turn and gets a single. Opened the face of the bat a bit. 2 for 41 for Tahir. End of an impactful spell from Tahir
40.5
Tahir to Haris Sohail, 1 run, quicker ball and has been stabbed out into the covers for a single. Was backing away and had to get the bat down quickly to put it away
40.4
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, inside out drive and the ball goes to deep cover for a single
40.3
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, slower and flighted, pushed out to cover
40.2
Tahir to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fuller ball and has been whipped away to the man at deep mid
40.1
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, treks back and punches the ball into the off-side for a single
39.6
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, no run, another cutter, Haris Sohail was defeated by the lack of pace. He fails to put any bat to it and it ends up at QDK
39.5
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, 1 run, off-cutter wide of off, Babar Azam mistimes the punch wide of cover for a single
39.4
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fuller length delivery angling back into Haris Sohail, he opened the face of the bat and guided it to third man
39.3
Phehlukwayo to Haris Sohail, no run, cutter, it was wide of off. Haris Sohail wanted to tonk it through the off-side, mistimed it to mid-off
39.2
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, 1 run, short and aiming on the face, Babar Azam gets on top of the ball and pulls it to fine leg
39.2
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, wide, errs in line. It was down the leg-side and umpire calls it wide
39.1
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, no run, almost chopped it on! There was hardly any room but Babar Azam still went for that dab shot. It came back in and clipped the inside edge, evaded the off-stump by a whisker
38.6
Tahir to Haris Sohail, no run, loopy delivery turning into Haris Sohail, he defends it with the spin to the on-side
38.5
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Babar Azam punches it down the ground and collects a single
38.5
Tahir to Babar Azam, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
38.4
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, wanted to pull but changed his mind and ended up defending it to the off-side
38.3
Tahir to Haris Sohail, 1 run, lots of flight on that delivery, Haris Sohail punches it down the ground
38.2
Tahir to Haris Sohail, no run, leggie on the pads, Haris Sohail clips it to the on-side
38.1
Tahir to Haris Sohail, FOUR, tonked! There was flight and it was wide of off, Haris Sohail comes forward and smashes it wide of cover for a boundary. Good way to start the over!
37.6
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, FOUR, back to back fours for Babar. Things are looking good for Pakistan now. It was on the pads, Babar Azam stays put and glances it fine of fine leg. The timing was sweet and it hustles to the fence
37.5
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, FOUR, cheeky! He waited for that delivery to arrive, opened the face of the bat just at the last moment and steers it wide of third man for a boundary
37.4
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, no run, extra bounce beats him on that delivery. It was on a good length and there was width, Babar Azam wanted to guide it to third man. It bounces extra and goes past his outside edge
37.3
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 1 run, in the air but short of thrid man. Goes hard on that delivery, wanted to loft it over cover. It clipped the outside edge and it ended up at third man
37.2
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, 1 run, very full and down the leg-side, Babar Azam clipped it to deep mid-wicket for a single
37.1
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 1 run, Haris Sohail backed away, Chris Morris bowled it wide and Haris Sohail threw his hands at it. It was timed well but went straight to backward point on a bounce
36.6
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, leggie attacking the stumps, Babar Azam goes back, makes room and drives. He finds the man at cover
36.5
Tahir to Haris Sohail, 1 run, just a gentle tap, he used super soft hands to combat that hence it will result in a single to cover
36.4
Tahir to Haris Sohail, no run, flatter and just wide of off, Haris Sohail blocks it back with a straight bat
36.3
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, slower and on the pads, Babar Azam works it to the on-side for a quick single
36.2
Tahir to Haris Sohail, 1 run, goes back and punches it to sweeper cover for a single
36.1
Tahir to Babar Azam, leg byes, 1 run, starts with a beauty. It spins in a touch, clips the inside edge of Babar Azam and flew over the head of de Kock. Hand on the head moment for Tahir!
35.6
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, no run, short and on the body, Haris Sohail jumps and tucks it to the on-side
35.5
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, FOUR, Haris Sohail is playing a gem here. His strike rate moves to 200 now! Not a lot wrong in that delivery, there was width though. Haris Sohail stays put, opens the face of the bat and places it incredibly well. It beats backward point and reaches the fence in a canter
35.4
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, no run, on a length and wide of off, Haris Sohail steers it straight to backward point
35.3
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, 1 run, that was in the air for a fair bit but it lands just in front of deep mid-wicket fielder. It was short, Babar Azam went after it, mistimed the pull and the timing was so bad that it didn't even reach the fielder
35.2
Chris Morris to Haris Sohail, 1 run, on a length and wide of off, Haris Sohail reaches for it and drives it to sweeper cover
35.1
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, 1 run, punches it to deep point and reaches his fifty. His 2nd fifty of the World Cup. Pakistan would want him to convert this into a ton
34.6
Rabada to Babar Azam, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Babar Azam uses his wrists to work it to deep mid-wicket
34.5
Rabada to Babar Azam, no run, steers it to backward point who jumps and fields it
34.4
Rabada to Haris Sohail, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the stumps, Haris Sohail moved to the off-side and tucks it to fine leg
34.3
Rabada to Haris Sohail, SIX, wow! This is a serious hit! Why was he warming on the bench? Haris Sohail anticipated the short ball, he moved back, got himself in a fabulous position and smoked it over deep backward point for a maximum
34.2
Rabada to Haris Sohail, FOUR, classy shot! This was full and Haris Sohail was ready for it, he transfers his weight forward and punches it down the ground for a boundary
34.1
Rabada to Babar Azam, 1 run, nasty delivery! It jumped off a back of a length, came back in too. Babar Azam was in a horrible position to counter it. In the end, he removed one hand off the handle. It hits him on the handle and deflects to the on-side
33.6
Markram to Babar Azam, 1 run, works it to square leg for a single
33.5
Markram to Babar Azam, FOUR, nicely done by Babar this time. And it will beat the man at short fine. It was an offie and was spinning into Babar Azam, he times the flick well and collects a boundary
33.4
Markram to Haris Sohail, 1 run, punches it down the ground for a single
33.3
Markram to Babar Azam, 3 runs, attempts another sweep, it was too full to be swept though and Babar is lucky to get some bat to it. It evaded short fine but Rabada chases it down well, puts in a slide and avoids it from reaching the fence
33.2
Markram to Babar Azam, no run, went for a paddle sweep, fails to time it well and it ends up at short fine
33.1
Markram to Babar Azam, no run, it was there to be hit but Babar Azam found cover fielder on the drive
32.6
Rabada to Babar Azam, 1 run, Babar Azam tucks it to the on-side to retain the strike
32.5
Rabada to Babar Azam, no run, beauty from Rabada! That's the reason he is special. He has the ability to produce a top delivery out of nowhere. It was on a good length and moved away ever-so-slightly off the deck. Babar Azam attempts a flashy drive but it defeats his outside edge and thuds into the gloves of de Kock
32.4
Rabada to Babar Azam, no run, on a length and targeting the stumps, Babar Azam defends it back with a straight bat
32.3
Rabada to Haris Sohail, 1 run, he pounded this one a short of length, Haris Sohail hops a touch to get in line and tucks it to the on-side for a quick single
32.2
Rabada to Haris Sohail, no run, typical fast bowlers response as Rabada banged in short, Haris Sohail sways away from the line and leaves it alone
32.1
Rabada to Haris Sohail, FOUR, top shot! On a length and on the stumps, Haris Sohail stays in the crease and drives it with a lot of class and elegance. It beats the cover fielder and races to the fence
31.6
Markram to Haris Sohail, 1 run, flatter and wider, Haris Sohail stays put and punches it to deep extra cover. He will retain the strike
31.5
Markram to Babar Azam, 1 run, uses his wrists this time to clip it to the on-side
31.4
Markram to Haris Sohail, 3 runs, there was not any room on offer but Haris Sohail manufactures his own room and steers it fine of short third man where Phehlukwayo chased it down well and stopped it from reaching the fence
31.3
Markram to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter and shorter, Babar Azam rocks back and flat-bats it to long-on
31.2
Markram to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and spinning into Babar Azam, he takes a semi-stride forward and clips it to mid-wicket
31.1
Markram to Haris Sohail, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Haris Sohail stays put and clips it to deep mid-wicket
30.6
Rabada to Haris Sohail, 1 run, on a back of a length and on the body, Haris Sohail jumps a touch and tucks it to fine leg
30.5
Rabada to Babar Azam, 3 runs, this was much straighter from Rabada. It was on the pads and Babar Azam flicked it wide of mid-wicket where Ngidi chased it down in a clumsy fashion. It won't reach the fence so batsmen will have to be content with three
30.4
Rabada to Babar Azam, no run, on a length and wide of off, Babar Azam throws his bat at it and drives it straight to backward point
30.3
Rabada to Babar Azam, no run, this one nipped back in off the deck a touch, it bounced extra too. Babar Azam hopped in the crease, he played it down the wrong line and hit the splice of the bat. Fortunately for Babar Azam, it ended up wide of the stumps
30.2
Rabada to Babar Azam, 2 runs, not a lot of feet movement there but the drive was crisp. It will go wide of cover and he will come back for a brace
30.1
Rabada to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and wider, Babar Azam gets behind and pushes it to the off-side
29.6
Markram to Hafeez, out Lbw!! What a change from Faf. Hafeez never looked settled today. In the name of batting positively, he played way too many shots. Never bogged down despite the close shaves before. This time he tried to sweep a ball that was too full and was struck plumb in front of middle and off. He was asking Babar Azam for the review. Azam was somehow wanting to convince his senior not to go for the review. Luckily the timer ended and Pakistan have a review up their sleeve wkt (3-143) min (38m). Hafeez lbw b Markram 20(33) [6s-1]
29.5
Markram to Hafeez, no run, steps out and drives, hit straight to cover
29.5
Markram to Hafeez, wide, that's fired down the leg-side, Hafeez tries to help it fine but misses
29.4
Markram to Babar Azam, 1 run, covers the line and turns this ball to mid-wicket
29.3
Markram to Hafeez, 1 run, shortish delivery from Markram, Hafeez goes back and punches to cover point
29.2
Markram to Babar Azam, 1 run, leg stump line, Babar Azam flicks to deep mid-wicket
29.1
Markram to Babar Azam, no run, shortish delivery outside off stump, Babar Azam cuts it into the off-side
28.6
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, no run, driven back to the bowler
28.5
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, no run, 125kph length delivery, doesn't bounce much, Hafeez tries to defend, gets the toe-end of the bat and it goes to the off-side
28.4
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Hafeez defends off the back foot
28.3
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, no run, hops and defends to point
28.2
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, no run, too high for LBW, definitely missing leg as well. Hafeez missed the flick, this short of length delivery nipped back in and hit him on the pad. Pheh pleads, but it's got to hit him in line
28.1
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Babar Azam guides it to third man
27.6
Markram to Babar Azam, 1 run, allows the ball to come and nudges to deep square leg
27.5
Markram to Hafeez, 1 run, on the leg stump, Hafeez flicks it to deep mid-wicket
27.4
Markram to Hafeez, no run, down the leg-side, Hafeez flicks, oh Pheh slips while trying to dive, then crawls to his right to stop that ball
27.3
Markram to Hafeez, no run, beaten, slider outside off stump, Hafeez looks to cut, misses the ball
27.2
Markram to Hafeez, no run, defended to the right of the bowler
27.1
Markram to Hafeez, no run, round the wicket, flatter delivery outside off stump, Hafeez dabs into the off-side
26.6
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, leans nicely forward and defends
26.5
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, driven off the front foot to cover
26.4
Tahir to Hafeez, 1 run, very straight again from Tahir, Hafeez watchfully plays to long-on
26.3
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, googly, pushed to mid-on
26.2
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, forward defended with an angled bat towards point
26.1
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, again Babar Azam is caught on the inside edge of the bat as he looks to drive this towards mid-off
25.6
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, no run, defended to point
25.5
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, no run, Hafeez failed to glance properly, ball was running to QdK's left, he tried to remove his glove, bend and stop, but the glove landed on the ball and half-stopped the ball
25.4
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, 1 run, good length delivery outside off stump, Babar Azam drives it to sweeper cover
25.3
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, no run, nipping back in from back of a length, Babar Azam manages to defend to point
25.2
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, no run, cuts hard but straight to backward point
25.1
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, no run, guided to the right of the keeper
24.6
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, oh dear! Never believe Imran Tahir on the DRS. He thinks everything is out. This definitely looked high to the naked eye, but it looked like he didn't even want Faf's approval for the review. Turned back and signalled for the review. Googly from Tahir, Hafeez misses the sweep, the ball hits the tummy in line with middle stump. HawkEye reckons that would have bounced over the leg stump
24.5
Tahir to Hafeez, SIX, in the airrr and just over Lungi at deep square leg. Tahir springs up and down in disappointment that it wasn't taken. Full toss, Hafeez sweeps, hits it flat and it just evades the fielder. When the ball cleared Ngidi - Hafeez brought out a fist punch in the air
24.4
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, oh he was rushed there, Hafeez tried to defend, but was almost beaten by the pace, inside edge onto pitch
24.3
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, leg stump line, Hafeez defends into the on-side
24.2
Tahir to Hafeez, 2 runs, short enough for Hafeez to hang back and cut to short third man
24.1
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, covers the line and defends
23.6
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, no run, fullish and just outside off stump, Babar Azam defends into the off-side
23.5
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, FOUR, toe-end of the bat and it's running away. Short of a length delivery outside off stump, Babar Azam looks to cut, got lucky with the edge and third man was very square
23.4
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, 1 run, slower delivery on the off stump, Hafeez turns it through backward square leg
23.3
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, 1 run, slower delivery outside off stump, Babar Azam mistimes the cut, hits it to third man
23.3
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, wide, fired down the leg-side, Babar Azam misses the tickle
23.2
Phehlukwayo to Hafeez, 3 runs, pace off the ball, but the line is leg-side, Hafeez flicks it to deep mid-wicket, big open space, so they sneak a third run
23.1
Phehlukwayo to Babar Azam, 1 run, that's short and way outside off stump, Babar Azam easily guides to third man
22.6
Tahir to Hafeez, 2 runs, googly, Hafeez drives to the right of deep cover, they are racing back two, QdK feels the fielder should have threw a little early to put pressure on the batsman
22.5
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, driven to long-off
22.4
Tahir to Hafeez, 1 run, pushed away to sweeper cover
22.3
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, dropped. QdK the culprit. Hafeez has this tendancy to stay cement-footed as he tries to guide to third man, gets a thick edge, QdK was moving to the right as he got up, hence spilled the ball
22.2
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, the drive off the outer half of the bat to the left of cover, Tahir has his hands on his head, because he reckons he won the moral battle
22.1
Tahir to Hafeez, 1 run, overpitched delivery outside off stump, Hafeez leans forward drives it to sweeper cover
21.6
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, FOUR, and the delightful on-drive, more of a punch this time. Lungi Ngidi overpitches, Babar Azam gets a stride forward and hits it along the ground through mid-on
21.5
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, FOUR, hit in the air, but there is a big gap at mid-wicket, Babar hits that almost on the front foot and doesn't bother hitting along the ground
21.4
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, nice back of a length and close to off stump, Babar Azam is careful in his defence
21.3
Lungi Ngidi to Hafeez, 1 run, off the mark with a flick through square leg as Lungi Ngidi bowls a leg-side delivery. 100 up for Pakistan
21.2
Lungi Ngidi to Hafeez, no run, short mid-wicket in, Hafeez flicks and finds him. Faf has stationed that fielder for the uppish hit
21.1
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, 1 run, nice back foot punch, but he can't get the gap right, finds third man
20.6
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, nice and full, Hafeez is solid in his defence this time
20.5
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, now he's down the pitch to Tahir, the bowler dropped it short and outside off stump, Hafeez had to adjust and push to off
20.4
Tahir to Hafeez, no run, oh inside edge half of the bat first ball, Hafeez played for turn, but this goes straight and threatens Hafeez
20.3
Tahir to Imam, out Caught&Bowled!! Oh my word! Tahir has taken a stunner of his own bowling and he's off. Someone please catch him! These kind of efforts can lift your team and Tahir has provided South Africa an important breakthrough. Imran Tahir is now the leading wicket-taker for the Proteas in the World Cup. The pressure was building as the dots were increasing for Imam. It was a floaty delivery just outside off, lured the batsman into the drive and Imam checked his drive too hard that it carried to Tahir, who stretches his right hand and plucks it inches above the ground. Brilliant from the leg-spinner wkt (2-98) min (71m). Imam c and b Tahir 44(57) [4s-6]
20.2
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, tossed up, slightly overpitches and Azam engineers room to drive it to sweeper cover
20.1
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, looked like the googly from Tahir. Azam picked it well and skipped back to wrist it to mid-wicket
19.6
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, tidy stuff from Ngidi. Keeps it in the corridor just outside off, Imam waits back and pats it to point
19.5
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, 1 run, loud cheers from Pakistan fans as Azam slices this length delivery behind point. But they will have to settle for a single only because the fielder at third man was quick to swoop down on the ball
19.4
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, Ngidi corrects his length, takes some pace off it and goes fuller outside off. Azam leans into a sturdy push to extra cover
19.3
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, FOUR, you can't keep Azam quiet for too long. Spots one in his zone, gets deep and opens his bat face to find the placement and punches it supremely in the gap between cover and point
19.2
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, back of a length, closer to off. Azam sits back and dinks it to backward point
19.1
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, overpitched on off, Azam presents a straight-batted drive down the ground. Ngidi gets a hand on it in his followthrough and parries it to mid-on
18.6
Tahir to Babar Azam, 1 run, quicker outside off, Azam makes room and forces it to sweeper cover
18.5
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, 92kph, fired into the blockhole. Azam jams it back to the bowler
18.4
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, top-spinner from Tahir, Azam opens his stance and pushes it back to the bowler
18.3
Tahir to Imam, 1 run, closed bat-face tuck through square leg
18.2
Tahir to Imam, no run, flatter from Tahir, Imam jumps back and punches it to extra cover
18.1
Tahir to Imam, no run, 82kph, quicker on middle. Imam crouches low and blocks
17.6
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, tighter line from Ngidi, gets some iffy bounce which forces Azam to take the safer route of quelling it down the pitch
17.5
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, "No" shouts Azam after defending this delivery solidly
17.4
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, harmless length delivery just outside off, Azam stands tall and turns it to mid-on
17.3
Lungi Ngidi to Babar Azam, no run, back of a length on middle, Azam twirls his wrists and works it to square leg
17.2
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, 1 run, fuller outside off, Imam opens the bat face and steers it to third man
17.1
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, 133kph, good length and probing just outside off, Imam waits and dabs it with soft hands to point
16.6
Tahir to Imam, 1 run, drifter on the pads, picked away to deep square leg
16.5
Tahir to Imam, no run, looped up generously, clipped to mid-wicket
16.4
Tahir to Imam, no run, tossed up just outside off, played back to the bowler
16.3
Tahir to Imam, no run, quicker from Tahir, Imam hurriedly gets forward and squirts an inside edge onto his pads
16.2
Tahir to Imam, no run, gives more air, Imam stomps forward in defence
16.1
Tahir to Imam, no run, flighted outside off, pushed to extra cover
15.6
Chris Morris to Imam, 1 run, back of a length and has been dabbed to third man for a single
15.5
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, forward defensive into the off-side
15.4
Chris Morris to Imam, FOUR, boundaries keep coming. Imam flicks this one through mid-wicket and adds four more to the account, was over-pitched and gets the treatment it deserved
15.3
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, 1 run, punched past the man at point for a single. The man at point dived but failed to stop it
15.2
Chris Morris to Babar Azam, no run, in the channel outside off, full length delivery that's been left alone by Babar
15.1
Chris Morris to Imam, 1 run, steered to third man by Imam
14.6
Tahir to Babar Azam, no run, flatter around off, Babar punches it to cover
14.5
Tahir to Fakhar Zaman, out Caught by Amla!! That's an awful shot by Fakhar and he has to pay the price for it. A floated delivery around off, full in length, Fakhar looks to play the scoop and it comes off the splice and flies straight to Amla at slip. Fakhar is livid with himself as he hammers the ground with his blade in frustration wkt (1-81) min (94m). Fakhar Zaman c Amla b Tahir 44(50) [4s-6 6s-1]
14.4
Tahir to Imam, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, driven through covers for a single
14.3
Tahir to Imam, no run, quicker ball outside off, holds its line, Imam pokes at it and gets beaten
14.2
Tahir to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, floated around off and it's been driven through the gap at covers by Fakhar
14.1
Tahir to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, nice timing on the drive! A tossed up delivery around off and Fakhar creams it through extra-cover. Crisp timing as he puts away the googly to the fence
13.6
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, good length ball just outside off, pushed in front of mid-off and sets off for a single. But Miller intercepts this from extra-cover. Charges forward, throws himself into the dive but his throw is well wide at the non-striker's end. Would've been touch and go otherwise
13.5
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, no run, swing and a miss from Zaman. Shorter just outside off, Zaman attempts to pull but it doesn't rise as much as he expected. It slides under his bat and carries to QDK
13.4
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, no run, 135kph, pounds it on a short of length, ties the batsman for width. Zaman flirts and ekes out an inside edge onto his pads
13.3
Chris Morris to Imam, 1 run, switches to wider lines outside off, Imam unlocks his bat face and directs it to third man
13.2
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, short and moving away with the angle with some extra bounce. Imam stays put in his crease and pulls his bat from the line
13.1
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, fuller just outside off, Imam with a forward press in knocking it to mid-on
12.6
Phehlukwayo to Imam, 1 run, rib-tickler from Phehlukwayo, Imam swivels across and controls the pull along the ground behind square
12.5
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, direct-hit at the bowler's end and Zaman would've been on his bike. But Morris can't hit the bulls-eye which allows the batsman to get back in safely. Pitched up outside off, Zaman checks his push and sets off for the risky single
12.4
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, no run, brilliant stop by Markram at backward point. Zaman packs a punch from the crease to the left of Markram, who throws himself across and intercepts it
12.3
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, no run, beauty from Phehlukwayo. Shaping in on a fuller length just outside off and it held its line, Zaman attempts a loose drive from the crease and nearly edged it behind
12.2
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, deft touch from Zaman. Waits deep in his crease, uses the pace on offer and guides it past slip. The fielder at third man runs across, puts in the dive and saves a couple of runs
12.1
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, very full outside off, driven crisply down the ground and Zaman will pick up a couple of runs
11.6
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, slanting away outside off, Imam leaves it
11.5
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, length delivery, rears up sharply and it bobbles off the leading edge behind point
11.4
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, no run, loosener from Morris. Short and well outside off, Zaman goes hard at that and mistimes it to cover
11.3
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, rubbing salt into the wounds. Banged in short again from Morris, this time Zaman gets into a great position and importantly rolls his wrists to place the pull to the left of deep mid-wicket
11.2
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, no run, What's happening? Has Tahir taken a blinder? Seems like he's very confident and goes off on a celebratory run after catching it. But Morris stands motionless and Zaman too isn't going anywhere. The umpires converge to check if the catch is clear and they are going upstairs. Soft signal is not out. Has Tahir got his fingers underneath the ball? "The hands look seperated," says the TV umpire. It's going to be a tricky call and lots of angles being looked at. Still waiting.. and it's NOT OUT. Booes ring around the ground from the Pakistani fans. Zaman can breathe easy. It was short at the body and it was the kind of length he was looking for to unleash his big bat swing. Gets under it and clubs it uppishly towards deep mid-wicket, Tahir took a couple of steps forward and ended up plucking it but it was clear on replays that he didn't get his hands under the ball. Big moment this
11.1
Chris Morris to Imam, 1 run, fuller length, straightens a wee bit after pitching just outside off. Imam stabs at it half-heartedly with a tilted bat and squirts it to behind point
10.6
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, no run, solid punch off the back foot towards cover, slight hesitation but they don't take the risk of stealing the single
10.5
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, no run, cramps Zaman for room by following him with a nip-backer, Zaman was looking to hoick it across the line but misses it totally. Wears it on the thigh pad
10.4
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, no run, nice line from Phehlukwayo. Sucker ball and Zaman nearly fell into the trap. Goes chasing at a widish delivery sans any feet and gets beaten on the outside edge
10.3
Phehlukwayo to Imam, 1 run, bunted with a straight bat, mid-off tidies up
10.2
Phehlukwayo to Imam, no run, pacy fuller delivery angling in. Imam presses half-forward and plays beside the line. So wears it on the pad
10.1
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, off-paced delivery, it was in the slot for Zaman and he decides to go down the ground. It comes off the toe-end, so not quite timed it as he would've liked. Clears mid-on
10.1
Phehlukwayo to Fakhar Zaman, no ball, that's a lousy start from Phehlukwayo. But it was matter of inches, I tell you.. fuller and on off, Zaman allows for the ball to arrive and blocks. Hears the "No ball" call from the umpire and gets ready for the free-hit ball
9.6
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, short of a length around leg, Imam tucks it into the leg side
9.5
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, slices the short ball to third man and ambles across to the other end
9.4
Chris Morris to Imam, 1 run, in the channel outside off, Imam goes for a drive and gets an outside edge that rolls down to third man
9.3
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, whips the slightly short ball through square leg, single taken
9.2
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, no run, tidy line and length, around off and it's been eased to mid-off by Fakhar
9.1
Chris Morris to Fakhar Zaman, no run, pitched on a full length and it's been driven to mid-off by Fakhar Zaman
8.6
Rabada to Imam, no run, nice delivery in the channel outside off, shaped away from the batsman in the corridor outside off, Imam has a poke at it and gets beaten due to the movement in the air. Just a single off the over
8.5
Rabada to Imam, no run, quicker delivery around his thigh, back of a length ball that's been nudged to mid-wicket by Imam
8.4
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, nudges this one to square leg and moves across to the other end, probably to gather his thoughs back
8.3
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, a little start by Rabada as Fakhar gets beaten on his across-the-line swing. That was quick and skid along the deck to go past him
8.2
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short of a length around off, Fakhar Zaman pats it back to Rabada
8.1
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, toe-crusher by Rabada but it's been squeezed back to the bowler by Fakhar
7.6
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, short of a length delivery to end the over, Imam rides the bounce and blocks it out
7.5
Chris Morris to Imam, FOUR, edged but safe! Fortunes favoring Pakistan. A regulation edge but the fielder in the cordon was slightly wide. Was a length delivery that was shaped across the batsman and the outside edge was induced due to the angle. Safe though, and it's four more
7.4
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, shortish delivery around middle and leg, Imam works it towards mid-wicket with a closed bat-face
7.3
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, takes his bottom hand off and pushes it to extra cover with lack of conviction
7.2
Chris Morris to Imam, no run, in the channel outside off, back of a length delivery that's been eased to point by Imam
7.1
Chris Morris to Imam, FOUR, welcome into the attack Mr. Morris. Starts off with an overpitched delivery and Imam plays a lovely off-drive. Was in the air for a while but well past the man at mid-off. 50-run stand up and it has hardly taken any time
6.6
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, length delivery around off, Fakhar Zaman pats it into the off side
6.5
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, 141kph, short ball at the body, Fakhar Zaman swivels in order to pull it away but gets beaten due to the pace and bounce, can't connect his swing as he gets struck on the arm
6.4
Rabada to Imam, 1 run, opens his bat face and glides the slightly short ball to third man
6.3
Rabada to Imam, no run, 140kph, on a length around middle and leg, Imam clips it to mid-wicket
6.2
Rabada to Imam, no run, back of a length outside off, Imam keeps his head steady and pats it to point
6.2
Rabada to Imam, wide, sliding down the leg side, Imam attempts a flick and misses
6.1
Rabada to Imam, no run, appeal for an lbw, turned down! A length delivery around leg that seams into the batsman. Imam was looking to flick it into the leg side but gets beaten due to the movement off the deck. That was clearly pitching outside leg, confirm the replays. Not a difficult call to make for Dharmasena
5.6
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, SIX, if you swing your bat, swing it like Fakhar. Gets hold of the length delivery and deposits it into the stands at deep mid-wicket. Pakistan off to a flier with the run rate nearly 8 in the first 6 overs
5.5
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, no run, keeps his head steady and knocks it towards mid-on
5.4
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, no run, plays an on-drive but doesn't get the timing right, straight to the man at mid-on as Fakhar shadow practices his drive
5.3
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length outside off, around chest height and it's been sliced to point off his back foot
5.2
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, 1 run, half-volley in the channel outside off, Imam gets low on his knee and creams his drive to cover-point. Miller was the fielder who stopped to it and straight away shows some signs of pain, was struck so hard
5.1
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, 2 runs, back of a length around off, Imam dabs it past poitn and by the time third man sprints in, they manage to take a couple of runs
4.6
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, Pakistan making sure to get at least one boundary in an over. This was short and wide outside off, Fakhar throws his hands at it and plays an uppish square-cut. Markram at point flies to his right but fails to get his hands to it, away to the fence at the rate of knots
4.5
Rabada to Imam, 1 run, short ball at the hips, Imam works it towards Ngidi on leg side and gets a single
4.4
Rabada to Imam, no run, rises high in the crease and safeguards this one
4.3
Rabada to Imam, no run, on a good length around off, Imam opens his bat face and steers it towards backward point
4.2
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, clips the slower one to short fine leg where Ngidi stops it with a dive to his right, could have been a boundary
4.1
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Fakhar Zaman defends it into the leg side
3.6
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, FOUR, make it three boundaries in the over. Pitched up by Ngidi, Imam transfers his weight onto the front foot and drills it through cover-point once again. Couldn't have been a better start for Pakistan
3.5
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, slightly full as compared to the last ball, Imam leaves it once again
3.4
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, bowling well from round the wicket, much better as compared to over-the-wicket. This was landed around a good length area and had nice carry, Imam shoulders arms
3.3
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, short in length around off, hint of extra carry from round the wicket, Imam reads the length early, camps back and stonewalls it
3.2
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, FOUR, another impeccable drive! Everything perfect about that shot. Steady head, timing and style. On to his front foot as he caresses his drive through the gap at covers, poses for the camera too
3.1
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, FOUR, crisp square drive! Pitched on a full length, Imam keeps his eyes on the ball and squeezes it through point for another sublime boundary. Runs are flowing from both ends, both KG and Ngidi at the receiving end. One of the best starts for Pakistan in this tournament
2.6
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, tad fuller by KG and it's been eased in front of mid-off by Fakhar with a mistimed push
2.5
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, that's the only one way he knows to play. Short ball again and it's been pulled over deep square leg by Fakhar. There was a fielder in the deep but this was placed far away from him, Ngidi was the man, I guess
2.4
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short ball outside off, Fakhar Zaman rides the bounce and punches it to covers
2.3
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, quicker delivery around off, skidding along the deck on a short length, Fakhar Zaman tries to work it into the leg side but ends up getting an inside edge on to his pads once again
2.2
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, Fakhar shows no respect to Rabada. Though it was bowled at 140kph, it's been put away to the fence. The left hander reads the length early and swivel-pulls it to the deep mid-wicket fence, has looked in good touch
2.1
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, denied any room again, back of a length around off, Fakhar looks to work this one into the leg side but ends up getting an inside edge on to the pads
1.6
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, angled across the batsman on a slightly full length, but the ball doesn't come on nicely and Fakhar mistimes his off-drive. Just a single to end the over as mid-off swiftly moves across to his right and stops it
1.5
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, straight lines and it's been nudged into the leg side by Fakhar Zaman
1.4
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, 3 runs, pitched on a full length by Lungi Ngidi, Imam leans ahead and times his cover-drive through the gap at covers. Not much power behind that shot, hence the batsmen will have to settle for three as it slows down cosiderably near the boundary
1.3
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, in the channel outside off, good length delivery with good carry, kicks off the surface and settles into the keeper's mitts
1.2
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, skiddy back of a length delivery around off, Imam hangs back in his crease and plays it with soft hands, blocked
1.1
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, back of a length around off, Imam knocks it in front of mid-off
0.6
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, spears in a length ball from over the wicket, cramps the batsman up for room and Fakhar gets hit on his pads as he tries to work across-the-line. Decent start by Rabada, barring that boundary ball
0.5
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short of a length around off, extra carry on this one as Zaman rides the bounce and eases it in front of cover
0.4
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length around off, Fakhar Zaman stays put and defends it stylishly, back to KG
0.3
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, Zaman is off the mark in style. A shortish delivery in the channel outside off, width on offer and it's been slammed through the huge gap at covers, nicely played by the left hander
0.2
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a length around middle, straightening off the deck and it's been deflected towards point by Fakhar Zaman
0.1
Rabada to Imam, 1 run, short ball aimed at the hips, Imam hops a touch and tucks it through the leg side to get off the mark, Pakistan are underway.
Commentary
Amla,Miller,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Lungi Ngidi
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Mohammad Amir, Shaheen Afridi,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Imad Wasim
