49.6
Shirzad to Brathwaite, FOUR, Naib's bad time on the field continues. Brathwaite gets another four to end the innings. Slogged it down the ground and the man at long-off - Naib - was looking directly into the sun. He missed the ball and was rather ducking for cover. The ball landed near him and bobbled over the fence
49.5
Shirzad to Brathwaite, FOUR, looks to heave it away, the ball takes the outer edge and goes fine for a four. That was a slower ball and Brathwaite failed to connect properly but still gets a four
49.4
Shirzad to Brathwaite, SIX, length delivery and has been drop kicked over the man at long-off for a sixer. Brings up the 300 does Brathwaite with a meaty hit
49.3
Shirzad to Brathwaite, no run, dabs the ball out to short third and looks for a single. Fabian Allen sends him back
49.2
Shirzad to Holder, out Caught by Dawlat Zadran!! The slower delivery does the trick. Holder goes across the line and gets a big fat top-edge for the man at long leg to come in and take it. Back-to-back wickets for Afghanistan. Good knock from the skipper. First ODI wicket for Shirzad wkt (6-297) min (54m). Holder c Dawlat Zadran b Shirzad 45(34) [4s-1 6s-4]
49.1
Shirzad to Holder, out Pooran Run Out!! What happened there? Lack of communication. Infact, none at all. Holder missed the slog outside off and the keeper collected it on the bounce. Pooran wanted to steal a bye but Holder was ignorant about it. Pooran was also at the batter's end and was sent back by Holder. The keeper lobbed the ball to the bowler who removed the bails at the bowler's end to catch the batter well short wkt (5-297) min (66m). Pooran run out (Ikram/Shirzad) 58(43) [4s-6 6s-1]
48.6
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, 2 runs, slogs the ball away into the on-side for a double. Didn't time it and that allowed the couple to be taken
48.5
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, no run, down leg, Pooran looks to paddle and misses
48.5
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, wide, 5 100 runs for the pair. Slower bumper, wided and to make matters worse the ball spun past the keeper for wides. Wheels are coming off
48.4
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, SIX, length delivery, Pooran stays in his crease and hammers it over long-on! That was in the slot and Pooran slammed it big
48.3
Dawlat Zadran to Holder, 1 run, low full toss and has been steered away to deep third man for a single
48.2
Dawlat Zadran to Holder, no run, fuller and in the block hole outside off, Holder lets it go
48.1
Dawlat Zadran to Holder, SIX, gift of a low full toss and has been tonked over deep mid for a sixer. That was dipping, Holder stayed back, held his shape and smashed it over the deep mid region
47.6
Mujeeb to Holder, leg byes, 1 run, on the pads, Holder misses the clip and the ball dribbles away off the pads into the on-side for a single
47.5
Mujeeb to Holder, FOUR, flatter delivery outside off and Holder steers it out to third man for a four. Just used the pace of the bowler
47.4
Mujeeb to Pooran, 3 runs, slashes it over point, the ball goes over the fielder for a triple. Pooran gets a fifty. It has been a slightly lucky knock but he has paced his innings really well
47.3
Mujeeb to Pooran, no run, flatter outside off and Pooran throws his bat at it and misses
47.2
Mujeeb to Holder, 1 run, tucks it away into the on-side for a single
47.1
Mujeeb to Pooran, 1 run, slashes away to deep cover for a single
46.6
Dawlat Zadran to Holder, 2 runs, slams the ball down the ground! The ball hit the sticks at the other end and ricochets away for a couple to be taken
46.5
Dawlat Zadran to Holder, SIX, slower delivery, Holder picks the bones out of that and slogs it over deep mid. That was high and handsome and sixer
46.4
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been pushed out to mid-off for a single
46.3
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, FOUR, slower, short delivery and has been pulled away! The man at long-on had no chance as it was well away from him
46.2
Dawlat Zadran to Holder, 1 run, shortish delivery and has been pulled away to deep square leg for a single
46.1
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, 1 run, fuller delivery outside off and has been driven into the covers for a single
45.6
Rashid Khan to Holder, no run, loopy ball and has been driven back to the bowler
45.5
Rashid Khan to Pooran, 1 run, shortish delivery and has been pulled down into the on-side for a single
45.4
Rashid Khan to Holder, 1 run, flatter delivery and has been tucked out to long-on for a single
45.4
Rashid Khan to Holder, wide, spins the ball down leg as another googly was misdirected. Wided
45.3
Rashid Khan to Pooran, 1 run, stays back and pulls the ball down to long-on for a single
45.2
Rashid Khan to Pooran, no run, and that's the googly which turns away from the batter to beat him. Pooran was trying to tuck it away into the on-side
45.1
Rashid Khan to Holder, 1 run, loopy ball and has been pushed out to long-off for a single
45.1
Rashid Khan to Holder, wide, the googly has been speared down leg and has been wided
44.6
Mujeeb to Pooran, FOUR, short delivery! Pooran stays back and cuts it away through the off-side for a four. Was dismissed out of the sight
44.5
Mujeeb to Pooran, no run, shortish delivery, might have turned away a little and Pooran misses the cut. Tried hitting it too hard
44.4
Mujeeb to Pooran, FOUR, sweeps and gets it fine. Too fine and the ball races away. Rashid at short fine had no chance
44.3
Mujeeb to Holder, 1 run, full toss on the pads and has been whipped off the pads. Lands just short of the man at deep mid
44.2
Mujeeb to Holder, SIX, not a lot of spin and Holder hoicks it across the line for a huge six! That was timed really well. Was in the slot and it disappeared
44.1
Mujeeb to Pooran, 1 run, slogs the ball down to long-on for a single
43.6
Rashid Khan to Holder, 2 runs, drops the ball short, and the inside edge goes fine for a double as the man at short fine leg cuts it off
43.5
Rashid Khan to Holder, SIX, how well did he time that!! That was flatter outside off and Holder sliced it over long-off for a sixer. Was well wide of long-off and was away to the right as well
43.4
Rashid Khan to Holder, no run, what happened there? Wanted to flay it away and got it off the outer edge for the ball to land short of the man at short third
43.3
Rashid Khan to Pooran, 1 run, plays it with the spin and nudges it out into the on-side for a single
43.2
Rashid Khan to Pooran, 2 runs, stays back and cuts it out into the off-side for a double
43.1
Rashid Khan to Pooran, no run, looks to go over the on-side and misses. That was the googly and Pooran went against the spin
42.6
Mujeeb to Holder, no run, flatter delivery and Holder looks to clip it away and misses. Might have been an inside edge which saves the Windies skipper. without the inside edge, it would have been plumb
42.5
Mujeeb to Pooran, 1 run, quicker ball outside off and has been pushed out to long-off for a single
42.4
Mujeeb to Pooran, no run, fuller, wider as well. Pooran looks to drive outside off and misses
42.3
Mujeeb to Holder, 1 run, steps forward and knocks the ball out off the pads for a single into the on-side
42.2
Mujeeb to Pooran, 1 run, looks to hack the reverse and mistimes it out into the off-side for a single. Missed the shape on the shot trying to hit it too hard
42.1
Mujeeb to Pooran, FOUR, bang! Ferocious hit. Pooran backs away and smashes it over cover for a four. They were mates at KXIP a couple of months back
41.6
Rashid Khan to Holder, no run, looks to clip, the ball lobs up on the off-side off the inside edge
41.5
Rashid Khan to Pooran, 1 run, knocks the ball off the pads and they get a single into the on-side
41.4
Rashid Khan to Holder, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been dug out into the off-side for a single
41.3
Rashid Khan to Pooran, 1 run, and the ball would have gone to slip! That's life. Looks to cut, gets a thick edge and the ball went off the gloves off the keeper to fly away to the slip regio. No one there and they get a single
41.2
Rashid Khan to Pooran, no run, again goes for the cut and misses. That was quick off the deck as it skidded on
41.1
Rashid Khan to Pooran, no run, quickish googly outside off and Pooran looks to slash and misses
40.6
Shirzad to Holder, 2 runs, length delivery on the pads and has been nudged out into the on-side. Holder wanted a second and came back. The bowler himself had to cut it off and he failed to stop the second
40.5
Shirzad to Pooran, 1 run, drops it short, was slower as well and Pooran mistimes the pull away to deep mid for a single
40.4
Shirzad to Pooran, no run, slower delivery down leg, Pooran fails to clip it and the ball dribbles off the pads for the keeper to dive and stop it
40.3
Shirzad to Pooran, FOUR, short delivery, poor one! Might have been a slower one as well. Pooran waited on it and pulled it behind square for a four. The length on the slower delivery didn't help the cause of the bowler
40.2
Shirzad to Holder, 1 run, slower delivery and knocked out to long-on for a single
40.1
Shirzad to Pooran, 1 run, Pooran continues to ride his luck! That was full, Pooran jumps out and slams it. The man at mid-off dives to his right and drops it. That was slammed hard and was travelling as well, Naib there threw himself to his right but failed to hang on. Would have been a terrific catch had he pulled it off
39.6
Nabi to Holder, no run, blocked out into the on-side with a front foot push. End of Nabi's spell
39.5
Nabi to Holder, no run, slants the ball across the right-hander and Holder pushes forward to get beaten outside off
39.4
Nabi to Pooran, 1 run, loopy and full, driven down to long-on for a single
39.3
Nabi to Pooran, no run, tossed up delivery, little bit of bounce, knocked out into the on-side
39.2
Nabi to Pooran, 2 runs, backs away and cuts it! The man at deep cover dives to his left and stops it. Two more added to it
39.1
Nabi to Holder, 1 run, strides back and tucks the ball out to long-on
38.6
Shirzad to Pooran, 2 runs, dropped! Almost pipped over the bar by the fielder at short mid. That was short, Pooran went for the pull and the man at mid-wicket got hands to it but the ball didn't stick. Rahmat Shah was the fielder. Was a tough chance
38.5
Shirzad to Holder, 1 run, was outside off and has been dabbed away to third man for a single
38.4
Shirzad to Holder, no run, little nip off the surface and it decked in to hit the batter high on the pad. Was always high
38.3
Shirzad to Holder, no run, length delivery and Holder drives the ball on the up to find the man in the off-side
38.2
Shirzad to Holder, no run, back of a length delivery angling across, Holder pushes the ball out to point
38.1
Shirzad to Pooran, 1 run, short ball, pulled across the line to deep square leg for a single
37.6
Nabi to Holder, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
37.5
Nabi to Holder, no run, drifts the ball away and Holder pushes forward to get beaten
37.4
Nabi to Shai Hope, out Caught by Rashid Khan!! It is so disappointing to see Shai Hope throw it away, again! Two fours in that over already and Shai Hope wanted another one. Ills of being slightly young may be. But the experienced Nabi tossed it up, didn't give room and Shai Hope slog swept it for the man at deep mid to take it. He has thrown away a ton! wkt (4-192) min (137m). Shai Hope c Rashid Khan b Nabi 77(92) [4s-6 6s-2]
37.3
Nabi to Shai Hope, no run, turning in and has been knocked out into the on-side
37.2
Nabi to Shai Hope, FOUR, slaps the ball down the ground for a four. was tossed up delivery outside off and Shai Hope slammed it
37.1
Nabi to Shai Hope, FOUR, poor fielding at mid-off and allows the boundary!! Was a flat-batted hit from Hope on the back foot and Asghat didn't judge it well as it bounced and sneaked past him. Nabi is livid
36.6
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, 1 run, wide full toss, carved away through sweeper
36.5
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, no run, loud LBW ask. Hope gets beaten on the flick to the lack of pace and is struck low on the front pad. The umpire's not convinced, neither is Naib on taking it upstairs. Yep, just slipping down leg
36.4
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, 2 runs, 135kph, neat walking-across-flick, wide of long-on
36.3
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, 1 run, 119kph, fuller float up, steered away through point
36.2
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, no run, 126kph, leg-lined, nudged, mid-wicket
36.1
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, no run, takes pace off this angling-across cutter. Pooran's early on the drive, getting beaten
35.6
Rashid Khan to Pooran, 1 run, to point, real quick leg-break cutting back in off the pitch onto the pads. Pooran at first tries making some room, but on getting cramped up for room, sensibly only keeps it out
35.5
Rashid Khan to Pooran, no run, walks across his stumps, and lets the line outside off be
35.4
Rashid Khan to Pooran, no run, takes it on the full toss and drives, but can't beat short cover
35.3
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, a rather tentative forward plonk, and an equally tentative push-out to cover
35.2
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, a back-footed whip against the spin, picking short mid-wicket
35.1
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, shuffles, back, across, behind, defensive
34.6
Dawlat Zadran to Pooran, FOUR, somebody's in the gear already. Zadran tries softening him up with a short one first up, but Pooran's more than ready for this, pulling with all authority and keeping it down as well as he drills it through mid-wicket
34.5
Dawlat Zadran to Hetmyer, out Caught by (sub)Noor Ali!! He'd been threatening to throw it away -- and Hetmyer finally has his way, refusing to make any use of life. Nope, he's no Rohit Sharma. Anyway, this was short, sitting up nicely outside off and he pulls. Doesn't really get hold of it neatly though, dragging it off the inside half, powerfully nevertheless. Short mid-wicket though makes amends, diving low to his right, cleanly wkt (3-174) min (42m). Hetmyer c (sub)Noorali b Dawlat Zadran 39(31) [4s-3 6s-2]
34.4
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, 1 run, quick hard hands as he hops and cuts this away through point
34.3
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, SIX, juicy length outside off. And Hope emerely extendes his swing, plonking forward and lofting perfectly through the line, neatly into long-off
34.2
Dawlat Zadran to Hetmyer, 1 run, short, swatted away through mid-wicket
34.1
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, 1 run, soft poke, nearly having an inside-edge ricocheting back onto his stumps
33.6
Rashid Khan to Hetmyer, 2 runs, catching confusion. Hetmyer goes to slog, top-edges it big time with the skier falling right in between a backward running mid-wicket and a forward running cow corner. Neither call, both miss
33.5
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, whips it round the corner now, and this time the fielder from there nails a direct hit, when Hope on the quick single is well inside
33.4
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, the abnormal leggie. Hope shapes up to pull, but realizes the spin's getting big on him all of a sudden - flicked away to mid-wicket in the end. Hetmyer, meanwhile, is already halfway down the pitch only to be sent back, and luckily, has a poor throw
33.3
Rashid Khan to Hetmyer, leg byes, 1 run, half an LBW appeal -- with Rashid getting this googly to rip back in sharply and cutting well past Hetmyer's, well, whatever he was trying to keep it out. Alas, too high, maybe even going down leg
33.2
Rashid Khan to Hetmyer, no run, backs away with the ball spinning back into off, cramped stab away
33.1
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, googly. Hope reads and adjusts well to knock it to long-on
32.6
Shirzad to Hetmyer, no run, jumps beside, punching it back down the pitch
32.5
Shirzad to Hetmyer, 2 runs, 113kph, a crouched pull, dragging this one from well outside off into a widely vacant mid-wicket. But Rashid Khan and his tumbling dives out there keeps it to just a couple
32.4
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, 130kph, length, angling across into the fourth-stump. Punched away down the ground
32.3
Shirzad to Hetmyer, 1 run, 132kph, pitched up on middle, squeezed down to long-on
32.2
Shirzad to Hetmyer, 2 runs, swiped away off the hips, very, very crisply, behind square
32.1
Shirzad to Shai Hope, leg byes, 1 run, smashed in the stomach, with Hope's pull going along all over the ball .. but Hetmyer has no sympathy for the pain that-may-have-been, pulls him across for a really quick single
31.6
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, 1 run, moves away, riding the shorter one to slap through sweeper
31.5
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, leg-spin, Hope has no clue, shuffling and sticking his bat out desperately. Nope, nothing
31.4
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, goes reverse-sweeping off a high backlift, but picks short third man
31.3
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, in with the drift, leaning flick, mid-wicket again
31.2
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, full on middle and leg. Flicked straight to short mid-wicket
31.1
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, back, away, punching it out to backward point
30.6
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, cutter, leg-lined, nurdled, mid-wicket
30.5
Shirzad to Hetmyer, 1 run, and he wants to continue pumping them. So what if he's tied up for room, he has enough power in even the inside-half-pulls to go down to deep mid-wicket
30.4
Shirzad to Hetmyer, no run, 115kph, a teasing good length outside off. Hetmyer walks down, slicing it to point
30.3
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, 130kph, tummy-lined. Hope stays up, swatting away, deep square leg
30.2
Shirzad to Hetmyer, 1 run, 112kph, leg-cutter now. Hetmyer arches behind to stab it behind point
30.1
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, 113kph, cutter into the legs. Hope is made to take a hand off his bat's handle as he tucks this to leg
29.6
Nabi to Hetmyer, no run, shapes up for an ungainly heave, misses, and the ball bounces sharply over. Also, despite all of the keeper's interest on this stumping, Hetmyer's back leg never moved out, never
29.5
Nabi to Hetmyer, no run, pushed quicker, still, will be a checked forward defence
29.4
Nabi to Hetmyer, no run, nice full straight bat in keeping it out with a block
29.3
Nabi to Hetmyer, SIX, there's no spin, and it's right in the slog-slot. Hetmyer sits down quickly, having the room to free up his hands .. and they smoke it deep into cow corner
29.2
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, fuller, whipped hard into mid-wicket. Also, typically, a fifty -- zero fuss
29.1
Nabi to Hetmyer, 1 run, steps down, but Nabi follows him with the quick arm ball which he nudges through square leg
28.6
Shirzad to Hetmyer, 1 run, 113kph, tailing into the thighs, easy glancings these, round the corner
28.5
Shirzad to Hetmyer, FOUR, 131kph, nice short sitter. And worse, fine leg is inside the circle. Hetmyer doesn't complain, shuffling well inside the line and then swivelling as well to heave it fine enough
28.4
Shirzad to Hetmyer, no run, 113kph, another slowed up cutter. Hetmyer just doesn't have the pace on it to work in, tapping it towards point
28.3
Shirzad to Hetmyer, no run, off-cutter on off, Hetmyer waits, covers, blocks
28.2
Shirzad to Hetmyer, no run, 130kph, nipping in off the pitch, tummy-lined. Tucked away to leg
28.1
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, 128kph, angling across outside off, slapped away through sweeper
27.6
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, opens up his bat face neatly to guide this into the sweeper gap
27.5
Nabi to Hetmyer, 1 run, soft bat-pad stuck defence in front of cover, quick legs
27.4
Nabi to Hetmyer, FOUR, slight room again, and Hetmyer now carves it inside-out. There's a deep sweeper and a long-off, but Hetmyer's timed it so damn well that it bisects
27.3
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, draws him forward outside off, which Hope obliges in wristing it down to long-on
27.2
Nabi to Hetmyer, 1 run, takes it as a full toss with his forward stretch, stroking it back past a diving Nabi
27.1
Nabi to Hetmyer, FOUR, bang in the slot. Hetmyer clears out his front leg, and swings, downtown, powerfully, into the sightscreen
26.6
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, sharp wrongie. Hope seriously didn't read early, somehow adjusting then in the end as he shuffles, cramps himself, but manages to get some bat in the way of it .. never mind it being only an inside edge
26.5
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, quicker googly. Hope stays behind in knocking it to leg
26.4
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, FOUR, hmmm, okay, it's loose. Short, plus outside off and Hope has enough time to rock back deep inside and then crash it backward of point
26.3
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, some intent in the oush back, but that's all it is - a push back
26.2
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, now close to where it pitches, smothering
26.1
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, the skiddy leggie. Hope takes his defebce off the back foot
25.6
Nabi to Hetmyer, no run, slowish just outside off, pushed into the off-side
25.5
Nabi to Hetmyer, SIX, for a moment, I thought this was going straight to long-off but Hetmyer seems to have got enough wood on it to get it over the fielder's head at long-off. Doesn't go full-throttle at this loft, comes off the bottom part of his bat but still Hetmyer has managed to send it into the stands
25.4
Nabi to Hetmyer, no run, a stride forward and quells it
25.3
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, 80kph, soft nudge to the right of mid-wicket
25.2
Nabi to Hetmyer, 1 run, Nabi pulls his length back, Hetmyer makes room and bashes it to long-off
25.1
Nabi to Hetmyer, no run, slanted in with the arm, stonewalled
24.6
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, loopy, straightish delivery. Hope keeps it out off the front foot
24.5
Rashid Khan to Lewis, out Caught by Nabi!! Rashid looks up at the sky with his hands wide open and thanks the heavens. Tells you, this wicket meant a lot to him. He's had a tough tournament, dropped a catch earlier today but claims the wicket of the dangerous Lewis, who was looking to shift his gears. Quicker and zipped through, Lewis throws his weight back and went for the pull. Messes up the timing as Rashid's pace is too hot to handle. Skies it to wide long-on where Nabi takes a good running catch wkt (2-109) min (98m). Lewis c Nabi b Rashid Khan 58(78) [4s-6 6s-2]
24.4
Rashid Khan to Lewis, no run, turned to mid-wicket
24.3
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, gets hurried by the pace, mistimed pull through square leg
24.2
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, FOUR, Hope wants to take on Rashid. Picks a half-tracker, rocks back and smites it over mid-wicket. "Catch" was the shout but it cleared the fielder comfortably
24.1
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, FOUR, edged and past slip. Some spin for Rashid just outside off, Hope goes with hard hands wanting to punch it off the back foot. Thick outside edge evades first slip and pistols away to the boundary
23.6
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, hurled very full, it drifted in a bit and Lewis was setting up for a dangerous sweep. It was a big blunder as it sneaked through and struck him low on the pad. Luckily, the impact saved him there
23.5
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, inches forward and blocks
23.4
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, rushes through the deck, Lewis gets trapped in the crease and gets beaten for pace. Strikes him on the pad
23.4
Mujeeb to Lewis, wide, slides it quick down leg, Rahman gets penalised
23.3
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, carrom ball, played back to the bowler defensively
23.2
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, 1 run, takes his front leg forward, rolls his wrists and places the sweep to the left of short fine leg
23.1
Mujeeb to Lewis, 1 run, overpitched, stabbed cleanly to long-off
22.6
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, skids through the deck, skillfully blocked under his eyes
22.5
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, flighted delivery from Rashid, Hope bends low and wrists it to mid-wicket
22.4
Rashid Khan to Lewis, 1 run, pushed away to long-off
22.3
Rashid Khan to Lewis, no run, googly outside off, Lewis gets deep and forces it to point
22.2
Rashid Khan to Lewis, FOUR, incredible shot from Lewis. Rashid has his hands on his head in disbelief and thought he nearly flummoxed the batsman but it wasn't to be. Drifted quick on middle and leg, Lewis wanted to sweep initially but the length wasn't suitable. So adjusts in time and whips it off his pads fluently through square leg. Big gap and it will be a boundary
22.1
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, quicker on middle, directed away to long-on
21.6
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, 1 run, gives Hope some breathing space by keeping it short outside off, steered away to sweeper cover
21.5
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, dupes Hope with a carrom ball that drifts away and beats his attempted flashy drive
21.4
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, quick, on off-stump. Smothered
21.3
Mujeeb to Lewis, 1 run, snaking in, inside-halved to short fine leg and they scamper through for a swift single
21.2
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, 1 run, grips and spins away a bit, Hope doesn't read it and squirts it off the inner half to point
21.1
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, carrom-ball, fizzes through outside off. Punched off the back foot to extra cover
20.6
Nabi to Lewis, no run, angled in from round the wicket, Lewis is drawn forward but mistimes it to mid-wicket
20.5
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, flings it quick outside off, sliced square on the off-side
20.4
Nabi to Lewis, 1 run, shorter outside off, thrashed to sweeper cover
20.3
Nabi to Lewis, no run, Nabi gets some encouraging spin and also, steep bounce as this flighted delivery breaks away to floor Lewis, who pulls out of the stroke
20.2
Nabi to Lewis, no run, half-hearted poke to point
20.1
Nabi to Lewis, no run, the trajectory is flat outside off, punched to extra cover
19.6
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, skiddy leg-break, Hope gets caught in the crease and it skims him on the thigh pad
19.5
Rashid Khan to Lewis, 1 run, finally, Lewis gets it. Fifty for the Southpaw and Hope walks up to congratulate. A round of applause follow from the crowd and Lewis soaks it all in. Reaches away from his body and fillets it to sweeper cover
19.4
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, flatter, forced to long-on
19.3
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, straighter, at the stumps. Hope keeps it out off the front foot
19.2
Rashid Khan to Lewis, 1 run, helped round the corner, wide of short fine leg
19.1
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, pushed through quicker, Hope stretches forward and clips it through square leg
18.6
Nabi to Lewis, no run, tight over from Nabi. Slides it quick outside off, Lewis drives, picks out extra cover. Lewis' wait for the milestone continues..
18.5
Nabi to Lewis, no run, tries to use his reach after getting forward, it straightens and Lewis pushes it off the inner half back to the bowler
18.4
Nabi to Lewis, no run, slowish on leg, worked to mid-wicket
18.3
Nabi to Lewis, no run, swept to short fine leg, a fumble but they don't risk the single
18.2
Nabi to Lewis, no run
18.2
Nabi to Lewis, no run, floater outside off, inviting Lewis but he resists the temptation and leaves
18.1
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, generous toss from Nabi, picked off the pads to deep mid-wicket
17.6
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 1 run, googly, tickled away behind square
17.5
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, flighted outside off at 94kph, defended back
17.4
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, quicker just outside off, high-batted punch to extra cover
17.3
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, fast leg-break, spinning away outside off. Hope gets across and keeps his bat inside edge, letting it to pass
17.2
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, no run, push-driven back to the bowler
17.1
Rashid Khan to Shai Hope, 2 runs, props forward and tucked to square leg. Hope realizes that the fielder was a bit slow, puts his skates and charges back for the second
16.6
Nabi to Lewis, no run, 96kph, flicks it quicker off his hand. Lewis settles for a soft nurdle to mid-wicket
16.5
Nabi to Lewis, no run, plunges across and stabs it to extra cover
16.4
Nabi to Lewis, no run, gets committed on the front foot, was expecting the ball to spin but it didn't. Inside-edged to mid-wicket
16.3
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, shorter, bunted off the back foot to long-on
16.2
Nabi to Lewis, 1 run, dabbed to the right of cover
16.1
Nabi to Lewis, no run, quicker, arrowing in. Dead-batted off the back foot
15.6
Naib to Shai Hope, no run
15.6
Naib to Shai Hope, no run, 102kph, subtle change in pace and lands it just outside off. Blunted to point
15.5
Naib to Shai Hope, no run, dishes it full outside off, Hope leans into a defensive push. Naib gets a hand and takes the pace off it
15.4
Naib to Lewis, 1 run, flicked round the pads to deep square leg
15.3
Naib to Shai Hope, 1 run, 124kph, shortens his length. Sits back and punches it to long-on
15.2
Naib to Lewis, 1 run, cutter from Naib, knocked to long-on
15.1
Naib to Lewis, no run, good length, straighter line and Lewis gets in-line to work it to mid-wicket
14.6
Nabi to Shai Hope, no run
14.6
Nabi to Shai Hope, no run, 88kph, slower through the air. Turned to mid-wicket
14.5
Nabi to Lewis, 1 run, weight forward and drops it towards point
14.4
Nabi to Lewis, no run, flatter and skidding on, Lewis jumps back and jabs it defensively
14.3
Nabi to Lewis, no run, on the stumps from round the wicket, forward and eased out
14.2
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, full-faced bat drive to long-on
14.1
Nabi to Shai Hope, SIX, the aggressive intent rubs onto Hope. Steps down the pitch, doesn't allow the ball to spin and extends his arms, lifting it with all flair straight over the bowler's head
13.6
Naib to Lewis, no run, blocked to point
13.5
Naib to Lewis, SIX, utter dominance. Merciless pull and it's a gone all the way. One of the flattest hits you'll ever see. Naib overcompensates and digs it short without any purpose. Lewis nails it off the front foot and it sails over cow corner
13.4
Naib to Lewis, FOUR, how easily Lewis manipulated here! It was overpitched just outside off, Lewis opens his bat face at the last minute after getting forward and drives it to the right of mid-off. Rashid gives a long chase, the outfield is a bit slow but still the ball wins the race
13.3
Naib to Lewis, no run, gunning towards middle, straight-batted push to mid-on
13.2
Naib to Lewis, 2 runs, stroked beautifully, beats extra cover and despite Rashid charging in from the deep, can't prevent the second
13.1
Naib to Lewis, no run, 124kph, on a length outside off. Steady punch to extra cover
12.6
Nabi to Shai Hope, no run, loopy ball and has been pushed back to the bowler. Was lured up and Shai Hope drove it back to the bowler
12.5
Nabi to Shai Hope, no run, flatter delivery at the sticks and has been pushed back to the bowler
12.4
Nabi to Lewis, 1 run, too full and has been driven down to long-off for a single
12.3
Nabi to Shai Hope, 1 run, works the flighted ball away down to long-on for a single
12.2
Nabi to Lewis, 1 run, dipping full toss and has been driven into the covers for a single
12.1
Nabi to Lewis, no run, starts with a fuller and flighted ball, defended into the off-side
11.6
Naib to Shai Hope, no run, looks to poke at it outside off and gets beaten, might have been slower and Shai Hope got sucked into pushing at it
11.5
Naib to Lewis, 1 run, fuller ball and Lewis leans into a drive. The man at mid-off slides and stops it to his left
11.4
Naib to Lewis, no run, slower delivery and Lewis taps the pull out to the man at short fine leg
11.3
Naib to Lewis, 2 runs, fuller delivery and driven on the up! The man at deep cover - Rashid Khan - fumbled and allowed the second to be taken
11.2
Naib to Lewis, no run, another back foot punch timed well but fails to get it past the man at cover
11.1
Naib to Lewis, no run, slaps the ball off the back foot and finds the man at cover. Was on a length for Lewis to trek back and slap it away
10.6
Shirzad to Lewis, 1 run, punched to the wide of the man at mid-off and they get a single. The fielder at mid-off was right at the edge of the circle and that allowed the single
10.5
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, tucked away off the back foot and the man at deep mid cuts the ball off. They settle for a single
10.4
Shirzad to Shai Hope, no run, well disguised slower delivery outside off and Shai Hope pushes at it to get beaten
10.3
Shirzad to Lewis, 1 run, punched on the up and the man at deep cover cuts it off
10.2
Shirzad to Lewis, no run, on a length outside off and has been blocked out into the off-side
10.1
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, length delivery outside off and has been punched on the up into the off-side for a single
9.6
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, bat comes down at an awkward angle and stabs the ball into the covers
9.5
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, looks to pull and only manages to bottom edge it. Was through with his shot too early as that was dug in short at a slower pace
9.4
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, another across going delivery and has been patted out into the off-side
9.3
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, length delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side
9.2
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, down on the pads and Lewis fails to clip it. The ball went off the pads and the keeper down leg does really well to take it. Afghan team went up in an appeal but it had missed the bat and they didn't review
9.1
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, back of a length delivery and has been pushed out into the off-side
8.6
Shirzad to Shai Hope, no run, and another mock slog to a delivery going across the batter. Was a leave but he is putting in that mock shot prety quickly to bring out the illusion that he is actually trying to play. Of course, he isn't. Just having some fun
8.5
Shirzad to Shai Hope, no run, fuller delivery left alone and Shai Hope practices a swipe across the line as soon as the ball went past him
8.4
Shirzad to Lewis, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been pushed out to mid-off for a single. Checked his shot and the ball lobbed up a bit. The man at mid-off had a shy but Lewis was easily in
8.3
Shirzad to Lewis, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been punched into the off-side to find mid-off
8.2
Shirzad to Lewis, SIX, angles the ball in on to the pads and Lewis has hacked it behind square on the on-side for a huge six! Slammed away off the meat of the bat. Poor line
8.1
Shirzad to Shai Hope, 1 run, fuller delivery and has been punched on the up, the man at mid-off cuts it off. They get a single
7.6
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, FOUR, slower delivery? It gave the impression that it stuck to the wicket, Lewis wristed it uppishly and got it fine for a four. The man at short fine leg wasn't too far away though
7.5
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, 1 run, pretty much on a length and on the sticks, Shai Hope clips it off the pads for a single down to fine leg
7.4
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, no run, on a length outside off and has been left alone
7.3
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, 2 runs, looks to punch it, the ball goes off the inside edge into the square leg region for a double
7.2
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, no run, length delivery just outside off and has been pushed out into the deck
7.1
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, no run, Rashid Khan's horror run continues. He drops a sitter. That was full on the pads and Shai Hope clipped it away. Was straight in and out as rashid spilt it. Has a strange look on his face
6.6
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, 1 run, steps back and tucks the ball down to long-on for a single
6.5
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, flatter delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
6.4
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, lovely flighted ball outside off and has been pushed out into the off-side
6.3
Mujeeb to Shai Hope, no run, flatter delivery and has been punched back to the bowler
6.2
Mujeeb to Lewis, leg byes, 1 run, off the pads and before the man at short fine leg could cut it off, they get a single
6.2
Mujeeb to Lewis, wide, drags the length short and spills it down leg, Lewis misses it for it to be called a wide
6.1
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, tossed up delivery and has been pushed back to the bowler
5.6
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, no run, fuller outside off and Shai Hope gets a good stride forward before leaving it
5.5
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, no run, back of a length delivery outside off and has been stabbed out into the deck
5.4
Dawlat Zadran to Shai Hope, FOUR, terrible follow up delivery after picking up a wicket. Down on to the hips, Shai Hope hopped up and wristed the ball down fine for a four. Hope is away
5.3
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, out Caught by Ikram Ali Khil!! And the big man departs! Might be his final appearance in a 50 overs WC. Silence at the ground. The Universe Boss is gone. Gayle raises his bat a bit to acknowledge all the cheers as he walks off. Full, wide and tempting, Gayle backs away and throws his bat at it to edge it to the keeper. Big wicket for Afghanistan. That teasing channel outside off got into the mind of Gayle and he tried to do something to disrupt the line but failed wkt (1-21) min (21m). Gayle c Ikram ALi b Dawlat Zadran 7(18) [4s-1]
5.2
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, bowls it on a length and gets it to dangle across the left-hander. Gayle plays that well inside the line of the ball
5.1
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, 1 run, looks to push forward but the ball bends in a little to take the inside edge and go away into the on-side for a single
4.6
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, stabs the push out into the off-side off the outer half of the bat and the ball dribbles out to the man at short third man. Gayle wanted a single but Lewis turned him back
4.5
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, the pad line again from Mujeeb and Gayle fails to tuck it out. The ball bobbles out into the on-side off the pads
4.4
Mujeeb to Lewis, 1 run, stays back and tucks the ball down to long-on for a single as it spun in to him
4.3
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, treks back and pushes the ball out into the off-side
4.2
Mujeeb to Lewis, FOUR, short, outside off and has been slashed away behind square for a four. That was trifle short and Lewis was quick to latch on to it to send it between point and short third man
4.1
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, middle and leg line, Lewis strides back and knocks it out into the on-side
3.6
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, teasing channel outside off and Gayle almost thought of pushing at it before bailing out
3.5
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, fuller and slightly wider, Gayle looks to throw his bat at it and inside edges the ball away
3.4
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, FOUR, backs away, opens his arms up and blasts it down the ground for a four. Backed away and cracked it away. Man at mid-off had no chance
3.3
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, length delivery outside off and has been left alone. Gayle was happy to shoulder arms to it
3.2
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, on the pads and Gayle fails to tuck the ball away
3.1
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, looks to force the pace off the back foot and inside edges the ball on to his boot
2.6
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, loopy ball on the sticks and has been pushed out into the off-side
2.5
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, looks to nudge it fine but fails to get it past the man at short fine leg
2.4
Mujeeb to Lewis, FOUR, treks back and Lewis crunches the punch off the back foot. That sped away into the covers for a four
2.3
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, looks to punch it, inside-edges it on to his pads
2.2
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, punches it off the back foot, the bowler picks it up in his followthrough to his left
2.1
Mujeeb to Gayle, 1 run, gets the length to trek back and tucks it off the pads for a single into the on-side
1.6
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, FOUR, on the hips, and nudged away nicely. That was a poor ball down leg and Lewis helped himself to a four as the man at fine leg was inside the circle
1.5
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, brings the bat down straight and punches it back to the bowler. Length delivery and Lewis just timed it nicely
1.4
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, a pitched up delivery outside off and has been square driven to the man at cover point. Lovely shot on the up
1.3
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, decks in from a length, Lewis pads the ball away. That was high and the impact was also outside off. But then he wasn't playing a shot
1.2
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, angling across the batter and has been left alone
1.1
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, 1 run, short and rising towards Gayle's tummy, wristed to mid-wicket
0.6
Mujeeb to Gayle, 1 run, Gayle is off the mark. Flat and straight, nudged softly to square leg
0.5
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, this was better. Draws Gayle forward with a slanter that straightens and beats Gayle's outside edge
0.4
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, darting away outside off, Gayle decides to leave it alone
0.3
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, Rahman is lucky to get away as Gayle fails to take toll. Drifted down leg, Gayle sinks low and drags the sweep to short fine leg
0.2
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, slips it quicker, right on cue and Gayle smothers it
0.1
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, dishes out a floaty half-volley outside off, Gayle sweetly times but finds extra cover
Commentary
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Shinwari,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Najibullah,Rahmat,Shirzad,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
Gayle,Kemar Roach,Brathwaite,Holder,Lewis,Sheldon Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen, Shimron Hetmyer,Shai Hope, Oshane Thomas
