36.5
Rashid Khan to Pradeep, out Bowled!! That's the end of the Sri Lanka innings. It was a leggie that pitched around middle, it spins away, beats the outside edge of Pradeep who played inside the line of the ball and it clatters the stumps wkt (10-201) min (4m). Pradeep b Rashid Khan 0(4)
36.4
Rashid Khan to Pradeep, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Pradeep stays put in the crease and defends it to the on-side
36.4
Rashid Khan to Pradeep, wide, way down the leg-side, wide called
36.3
Rashid Khan to Pradeep, no run, wrong 'un down the leg-side, Pradeep was looking to work it to the on-side. It comes off the leading edge and it ends up on the off-side
36.2
Rashid Khan to Pradeep, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Pradeep blocks it back
36.1
Rashid Khan to Lakmal, 1 run, down the leg-side and Lakmal tucks it to square leg for a single
35.6
Dawlat Zadran to Malinga, out Bowled!! Knocks him over. It was a back of the hand slower delivery on the stumps. Malinga got his willow down a touch late, it clipped his inside edge and came back to hit his stumps wkt (9-199) min (15m). Malinga b Dawlat Zadran 4(14) [4s-1]
35.5
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, 1 run, slower delivery down the leg-side, Lakmal inside edges the pull onto his pads and it deflects to the on-side for a single
35.4
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, no run, Dawlat Zadran nails the yorker, Lakmal gets his bat down in time and defends it back
35.3
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, FOUR, short and wide of off, Lakmal clears his leg, gets in a decent position and blasts it over mid-on for another boundary. These runs will hurt Afghanistan
35.2
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Lakmal gets behind it and blocks it back
35.1
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, FOUR, Lakmal takes on the short ball and dispatches it for a boundary. It was on the body, he backs away and smashes it wide of mid-wicket
34.6
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, wrong 'un around off, Malinga blocks it to the off-side
34.5
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, leggie around off, Malinga goes back, he had no room to free his arms and ends up getting cramped up for room in attempting a cut shot
34.4
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, leggie around off-stump, Malinga comes on the front foot and defends it to the off-side
34.3
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, very full and around off, Malinga plunges forward and blocks it to the off-side
34.2
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Malinga defends it back
34.1
Rashid Khan to Lakmal, 1 run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Lakmal goes on the back foot and punches it to the off-side for a single
33.6
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, 1 run, steers it to sweeper cover for a single
33.5
Dawlat Zadran to Malinga, leg byes, 1 run, down the leg-side, Malinga misses the flick. It hits him on the pads and deflects wide of square leg
33.4
Dawlat Zadran to Malinga, FOUR, he has got enough bat on it to clear mid-off. Important boundary for Malinga. It was on a short of length and was aimed at the body, Malinga stays put and tonks it over mid-off. It was mistimed but it will still fetch him a four
33.3
Dawlat Zadran to Malinga, no run, this was much fuller, it was attacking the stumps and Malinga blocks it back
33.2
Dawlat Zadran to Malinga, no run, on a short of length and it was wide of off, Malinga leaves it alone
33.1
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, 1 run, on a good length and around off, Lakmal gets behind it and pushes it to the off-side for a single
32.6
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, he was charging down but thankfully decides to go back, it was a wrong 'un and Malinga inside edges the cut shot
32.5
Rashid Khan to Malinga, leg byes, 2 runs, errs in line this time, it was down the leg-side. Malinga misses the clip, it hits his pads and goes wide of the keeper for a brace
32.4
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, another defensive shot from Malinga
32.3
Rashid Khan to Malinga, no run, wrong 'un and Malinga goes chasing after it outside off, beaten
32.2
Rashid Khan to Kusal Perera, out Caught by Mohammad Shahzad!! Look at the delight on Rashid's face, he has got the big fish Kusal Perera. And Sri Lanka are in real trouble here. Kusal Perera had to go for the shots with wickets crumbling at the other end. It was a quicker delivery wide of off, Kusal Perera went for a fancy reverse sweep, it clipped his glove and Shahzad takes a fine catch wkt (8-180) min (12m). Kusal Perera c Mohammad Shahzad b Rashid Khan 78(81) [4s-8]
32.1
Rashid Khan to Lakmal, 1 run, Lakmal did well to work it away to the on-side. It was a wrong'un, Lakmal goes back and just nudges it to the on-side
31.6
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, 1 run, on a short of length and wide of off, Lakmal reaches for it and steers it wide of third man. Afghanistan won't mind a single on the final ball as that will keep Lakmal on strike. And Rashid will be bowling to him
31.5
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, no run, another bouncer, it came back in and hit Lakmal on thumb. He looks in some pain and physio is out in the middle to attend him. Looks good to go now
31.4
Dawlat Zadran to Lakmal, no run, lively bumper! It jumps off the deck with a lot of intent, Lakmal had no answer to it, he somehow evades it and it thuds into the gloves of Mohammad Shahzad
31.3
Dawlat Zadran to Udana, out Bowled!! Oh Udana! What have you done? You don't go for a wild heave when your side is at 178/6. I am sure, he won't go anywhere near to his skipper in the dressing room. It was a length delivery attacking the stumps, Udana went for a cross-batted heave over deep mid-wicket, no contact with the bat and it comes back in to clatter his stumps. Dawlat Zadran is delighted and why wouldn't he be wkt (7-178) min (22m). Udana b Dawlat Zadran 10(21) [6s-1]
31.2
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, 1 run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Kusal Perera goes after it, it clips the inside edge and ends up at fine leg
31.1
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, no run, blocks it back
30.6
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, maiden from Rashid Khan! This was on the stumps, Udana plunges forward and defends it to the off-side
30.5
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run,wrong 'un, this one came back in sharply. Udana adjusts well and blocks it back
30.4
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, another delivery attacking the stumps, Udana defends it back
30.3
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, very full and on the stumps, Udana opens the face of the bat and steer it to backward point
30.2
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, quicker delivery attacking the stumps, Udana stays put and defends it to the off-side
30.1
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, 92 kph delivery wide of off, Udana plunges forward and defends it to the off-side
29.6
Mohammad Nabi to Udana, 1 run, very full and attacking the stumps, Udana knocks it down the ground to long-on
29.5
Mohammad Nabi to Udana, no run, arm-ball, it was wide of off, Udana pushes it to the off-side
29.4
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, rocks back and punches it to deep cover
29.3
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, slower and spinning away from Kusal Perera, he pushes it to the off-side
29.2
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, came in after pitching, Kusal Perera goes on the back foot and defends it to cover
29.1
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, goes back and mistimes the cut to cover
28.6
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, another wrong 'un, Udana reads it off the pitch, gets behind it and blocks it to the off-side
28.5
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, flatter and targeting the stumps, Udana defends it to the leg-side
28.4
Rashid Khan to Udana, no run, wrong 'un which starts from outside off, it ends up around stumps and Udana defends it to the off-side
28.3
Rashid Khan to Kusal Perera, 1 run, this one came back in sharply, Kusal Perera got his bat down in time and pushes it to long-off
28.2
Rashid Khan to Kusal Perera, no run, very full and spinning into Kusal Perera, he defends it to the on-side
28.1
Rashid Khan to Udana, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Udana plunges forward and pushes it wide of cover
27.6
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, much slower from Mohammad Nabi, it was coming back with the arm too. Kusal Perera decides to use his feet, failed to reach the pitch used his pad instead of bat to defend. The impact was outside off
27.5
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, fuller length delivery coming back in with the arm, Kusal Perera stays in the crease and defends it back
27.4
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, fuller length delivery attacking the stumps, Kusal Perera stays put and defends it back
27.3
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, goes on the back foot and blocks it back
27.2
Mohammad Nabi to Udana, 1 run, knocks it down the ground to long-off for a single
27.1
Mohammad Nabi to Udana, SIX, this is sensational from Udana. It was in the slot for him, he plunges forward and lifts it against the turn over long-off for a maximum. Connection was top-notch!
26.6
Hamid to Kusal Perera, no run, jittery grope from Kusal Perera. Flirts at this length delivery that straightens outside off and beats the outside edge
26.5
Hamid to Udana, 1 run, shifts his line outside off, Udana glides it to third man
26.5
Hamid to Udana, wide, 5  Hassan tries the bumper but it kicks off briskly and loops over Shahzad, who leapt but had no chance. Bonus runs these for the Lankans
26.4
Hamid to Udana, no run, Udana looks like he is not going to hang around for too long. Lines up for a slog and gets cramped for room. Mistimes it to mid-off
26.3
Hamid to Udana, no run, slanting towards the chest, solidly kept out
26.2
Hamid to Udana, no run, short and rising from a length, Udana jumps back and defends
26.1
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, too short outside off, Kusal Perera spanks it to sweeper cover
25.6
Mohammad Nabi to Udana, no run, forward and blunts it in front of cover. Udana puts his hand up and says "No"
25.5
Mohammad Nabi to Udana, no run, slowish outside off, Udana leans into a drive to extra cover
25.4
Mohammad Nabi to Perera, out Perera Run Out!! There was a communication breakdown in the last over where Kusal Perera escaped but on this occasion, he's sold Thisara down the river. The wickets continue to tumble for Sri Lanka and it's turning out to be a manaic last few overs. Poked off the front foot in front of cover, Thisara took a few steps in quest for a single but KP sends him back. No-way Thisara could've returned there. He turned back and dived desperately, but in vain. Shahidi, the fielder collects the ball and throws it to the keeper, who does the rest. It was sent upstairs and the TV umpire didn't take long to give his verdict wkt (6-159) min (12m). Perera run out (Shahidi/Shahzad) 2(4)
25.3
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, leg byes, 1 run, spinning down leg, Kusal Perera tries to tickle but it comes off the pad and wanders to short fine leg
25.3
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, wide, armer from Mohammad Nabi, down leg and wided
25.2
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, slower and spinning away outside off, Perera makes room and thrashes it to the left of sweeper cover
25.1
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, forced off the back foot to cover
24.6
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, shortish outside off, bottom-handed jab to extra cover
24.5
Hamid to Perera, 1 run, huge mix-up and a direct-hit at the striker's end would've seen the end of Kusal Perera. Punched towards point and takes a few strides. Mini-stutter mid-pitch from both batsmen as they end up watching the ball. Eventually, Kusal goes through for the single which was fraught with danger. Rahmat Shah was the fielder, who failed to nail the direct-hit
24.4
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short and at the body, Kusal Perera twirls his wrists and controls the pull along the ground to deep square leg
24.3
Hamid to Kusal Perera, no run, gets this one to cut back into the left-hander, Kusal Perera gets his body weight down and hurriedly blocks
24.2
Hamid to Kusal Perera, no run, 139kph, venomous seam movement for Hassan. On a length just outside off and rapidly nips away to startle Perera as he nearly nicked it..
24.1
Hamid to Kusal Perera, no run, nippy short delivery outside off, Kusal Perera jumps across to pull but it gets big and he mistimes it to mid-on
23.6
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, lobbed up on off, Perera drops it with soft hands in front of cover and they hustle through for a tight single. The fielder charges in and rifles a throw at the striker's end, only to miss the target. Reckon Thisara Perera was in, anyway
23.5
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, slower and on middle, Perera comes forward and smothers it
23.4
Mohammad Nabi to Perera, 1 run, well-flighted outside off, Perera props across and eases it to cover
23.3
Mohammad Nabi to Perera, no run, slider from Mohammad Nabi, Perera stretches forward to defend and it trims the inside edge to trickle to mid-wicket
23.2
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, smidgen shorter outside off, Perera breaks free and cuts it away to sweeper cover
23.1
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, snaking in from round the wicket, Perera waits back and punches it out defensively
22.6
Hamid to Dhananjayade Silva, out Caught by Mohammad Shahzad!! One more. Sri Lanka five down now. Four wickets in the last two overs and it's all coming apart. Hassan adds his name to the wicket column. Hassan targets the channel just outside off with this back of a length delivery that changed it's direction just enough to take the outside edge. Tame poke from DDS and offers a sitter to Shahzad wkt (7-149) min (7m). Dhananjayade Silva c Mohammad Shahzad b Hamid 0(4)
22.5
Hamid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, full and incoming delivery, Dhananjayade Silva gets in-line and blocks
22.4
Hamid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, beaten soundly. Back of a length and seams away after pitching. Dhananjayade Silva was all at sea as it whistles past the outside edge
22.3
Hamid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, gets on top of the bounce and quells it
22.2
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short ball, angled into the body and Perera swivel-pulls it airly towards fine leg
22.1
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, muscled away through square leg and they take on the fielder's arm, scampering back for the second. A better throw at the striker's end could've had Perera in some strife
21.6
Mohammad Nabi to Mathews, out Caught by Rahmat!! What's going on here? Sri Lanka slip into deep trouble. Three wickets in the over for Mohammad Nabi and Mathews perishes for a blob. Consecutive ducks for the all-rounder. Unbelievable spell this is turning out to be from Mohammad Nabi. This was slightly quicker than the previous ball. It fizzed through just outside off and Mathews went for the cut. Gets a thick edge which strikes Shahzad's pads and lobs up to Rahmat Shah - who takes his second catch. Panic mode on here.. Afghanistan and their fans are over the moon wkt (4-146) min (5m). Mathews c Rahmat b Mohammad Nabi 0(2)
21.5
Mohammad Nabi to Mathews, no run, goes straight on just outside off, Mathews hangs back and defends it down the pitch
21.4
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Mendis, out Caught by Rahmat!! Edged again and no luck this time for Kusal Mendis. Two wickets in three balls and Afghanistan are pulling it back. The promising Mendis departs early as Sri Lanka lose their third wicket. Flighted just outside off, drew Mendis forward and induced the outside edge. There was no turn whatsoever, it went straight on and Mendis didn't read it. Safe hands from Rahmat Shah at first slip and Mohammad Nabi on a roll here wkt (3-146) min (150m). Kusal Mendis c Rahmat b Mohammad Nabi 2(2)
21.3
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, edged and past slip. Drifting away just outside off, Mendis props forward to meet his half-hearted defence. Gets a thick outside edge which eludes Rahmat Shah at first slip and they will collect a couple of runs
21.2
Mohammad Nabi to Thirimanne, out Bowled!! Chopped on. Mohammad Nabi wears a sporty smile on his face as he picks up his second wicket. Tosses it up outside off, slower through the air and it kept a touch low as well. Nothing shot from Thirimanne, hanging his bat away from his body and squirts an inside edge which deflects back onto the stumps. It came more off the bottom part of the bat. Another partnership broken for Sri Lanka, courtesy that man Mohammad Nabi again wkt (2-144) min (39m). Thirimanne b Mohammad Nabi 25(34) [4s-1]
21.1
Mohammad Nabi to Thirimanne, no run, slower and outside off, Thirimanne blocks it from the crease
20.6
Hamid to Kusal Perera, no run, nice. Hammers it on a short of length, skids off the deck and Perera with no feet fishes and misses..
20.5
Hamid to Kusal Perera, no run, whangs in a bouncer outside off, Perera stays out of the line
20.4
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, Perera hops back and across to slice the cut behind point and earns a brace
20.3
Hamid to Kusal Perera, no run, jaffa from Hassan. Unplayable delivery. From round the wicket, hits the back of a length and angled it in, Perera was playing for the original line but it cunningly straightened off the pitch to elude the outside edge. There was also the vicious bounce which stunned KP there
20.2
Hamid to Thirimanne, 1 run, 138kph, offers width and Thirimanne accepts it with glee to dink it to third man
20.1
Hamid to Thirimanne, 2 runs, shorter on off, Thirimanne closes his bat face on the flick to the empty mid-wicket region and adds two more to the total
19.6
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, 1 run, moves to over the wicket and extracts some fizz, inside-edge to square leg
19.5
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, overpitched outside off, driven back towards Rashid - who puts his one-hand and intercepts it
19.4
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, pushes it back to the bowler
19.3
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, half-hearted appeal for lbw but there seems to have been an inside edge, yes there was. Spinning in from outside off, Thirimanne misses his forward defence and gets struck on the pad
19.2
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, quicker leg-break outside off, Thirimanne lets it pass
19.1
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, 2 runs, floated up outside off, Thirimanne drives it sweetly to the left of sweeper cover and picks up a couple of runs
18.6
Hamid to Thirimanne, 1 run, very full outside off, Thirimanne bends his knee and aims for the drive. Only manages an outside edge which goes along the ground to third man. Mohammad Nabi with a sharp stop
18.5
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, full and in the driving spot, Perera goes hard and gets a thick outside edge to third man
18.4
Hamid to Thirimanne, 1 run, uses the pace on offer and directs it to third man
18.3
Hamid to Thirimanne, no run, probing line and length from Hassan. Getting it to tail away in the corridor just outside off, Thirimanne flirts at it and gets beaten
18.2
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 134kph, tighter line just outside off. Perera unlocks his bat face and steers it to third man
18.1
Hamid to Thirimanne, 1 run, short of length at the tummy and Thirimanne clips it away neatly behind square on the leg-side
17.6
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, 1 run, Rashid moves round the wicket and pitches it full, ends up as a full toss and it's been driven away to long-off
17.5
Rashid Khan to Kusal Perera, 1 run, flatter outside off, handy punch to long-off
17.4
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, 1 run, turned towards square leg
17.3
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, tossed up around off, smothered off the front foot
17.2
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, overpitched a bit, Thirimanne pushes it defensively
17.1
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, flighted on off, blocked
16.6
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, FOUR, 19 off the over. Gulbadin Naib hurls it outside off, Perera makes room and clobbers it past extra cover. Massive over for Sri Lanka
16.6
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, no ball, 2 runs, this is turning out to be a never-ending over, eh? Gulbadin Naib oversteps again and umpire Nigel Llong spots it to signal it a no-ball. It was short and outside off, Perera thrashes it wide of sweeper cover
16.5
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, that man again - Zazai. He's becoming a liability in the field for Afghanistan. Glided to third man, a fumble and they will come back for the second
16.4
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, FOUR, look at that bat speed. My word! He's absolutely bashed it over extra cover, one bounce and over the ropes. Finally, Gulbadin Naib gets his line right and pounds it on a back of a length outside off. Perera keeps a steady base and gives it a thump, unleashing his golf-swing with a flat-bat and takes full toll of the free-hit delivery which has cost Afghanistan 6 runs. Also, that will be fifty for Kusal Perera. Looks very determined today, can he convert it into a ton?
16.4
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, wide, and again. Very poor from Gulbadin Naib. Overdoes it again and throws it a mile outside off
16.4
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, wide, gets this one slanting away from KP, it's outside the tramlines and called a wide. The free-hit stays..
16.4
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, no ball, 1 run, pitched up and curling away outside off, Thirimanne goes for the drive and gets a thick outside edge to third man. Gulbadin Naib oversteps again and free-hit coming up for Perera
16.3
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, 2 runs, Gulbadin Naib is not happy one bit with the effort shown by Zazai. He's their weakest link in the field and these two take the gamble and steal the second. Guided towards third man, Thirimanne takes the first run quickly and sees the fielder gingerly sprawling towards the ball. Calls KP for the second and he responds. The throw comes to the bowler end, KP rushes in and puts the dive. To make it worse, Gulbadin Naib doesn't even collect the ball properly. Messy from Afghanistan
16.2
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, no run, length, very close to off. Thirimanne gets leisurely forward and taps it to point
16.1
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, no run, full and taking it away from the left-hander, Thirimanne shows no interest and leaves
15.6
Rashid Khan to Kusal Perera, no run, quicker ball on leg, turned to mid-wicket from the crease
15.5
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, 1 run, very full ball at 98kph, Thirimanne jams it straight down the ground for a single
15.4
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, forward and blocked
15.3
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, no run, very full and on the pads, deflected to short fine leg
15.2
Rashid Khan to Kusal Perera, 1 run, Perera checks his stroke as the ball holds onto the pitch, fortunately the popped up ball doesn't go to any fielder. Dies down near the mid-off region
15.1
Rashid Khan to Thirimanne, 3 runs, with a slip in place, Rashid bowls a quick-and-full ball on the pads, tickled behind square leg and there's a wild throw from Zazai. No way close to the keeper and the Lankans get two more bonus runs
14.6
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, 1 run, short of length delivery on middle and Thirimanne jabs it to mid-wicket
14.5
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, FOUR, a boundary off the freebie! 3000 ODI runs for Lahiru Thirimanne! A slower one from a short length, Thirimanne waits and waits before smashing it over the bowler's end. A flat-batted hit and he had to manufacture all the power
14.5
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, no ball, Gulbadin Naib over-steps and bowls a pitched up delivery, driven back to the bowler
14.4
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, 1 run, another off-pace ball, this time on the ribs, tucked to backward square leg
14.3
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, 1 run, 123kph, leg-cutter outside off and Thirimanne gets a thick outside edge as he throws his bat for an expansive drive. A single to third man
14.2
Gulbadin Naib to Thirimanne, no run, fuller than a good length ball from round the wicket at 123kph, defended back to the bowler
14.1
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 104kph, slower ball, Perera punches it to mid-off and sets off for a risky single. Mujeeb slightly fumbles ... and then scores a direct-hit. Perera is easily in. Gulbadin Naib isn't happy with that effort from the fielder
13.6
Mohammad Nabi to Thirimanne, no run, 78kph, more flight on this ball, full and outside off, pushed to cover
13.5
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 79kph, Perera waits for the ball and punches it down to long-on
13.4
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, premeditatively comes down the track does Perera and gets beaten by the length and the flight. Gets outside the line of off-stump and pads it away as he was nowhere close to the pitch of the ball
13.3
Mohammad Nabi to Thirimanne, 1 run, a freebie to the new bat for him to get off the mark. Slides a fullish ball on the pads and Thirimanne deflects it to backward square leg with a closed bat-face
13.2
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, bunted down to long-on
13.1
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, out Caught by Najibullah!! Mohammad Mohammad Nabi gets the breakthrough! He was the only one who looked like getting one. A tame dismissal, got to say. A looped up ball from round the wicket and Karunaratne came down the track to play a lofted shot. He might have wanted to go straight over the bowler's head, but the bat-face closed at the point of impact. That resulted in him chipping it straight down long-on's throat wkt (1-92) min (57m). Karunaratne c Najibullah b Mohammad Nabi 30(45) [4s-3]
12.6
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, 1 run, 121kph, Karunaratne pushes this length ball to mid-off and hares to the other end
12.5
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, no run, 123kph, Gulbadin Naib slightly shortens his length and it holds onto the pitch. Karunaratne pushes with hard hands and almost spoons it back to the bowler. Fell a few metres short of the Gulbadin Naib
12.4
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 123kph, short ball, Perera middles the pull shot, but straight to deep square leg
12.3
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, 1 run, 123kph, fuller in length, but Gulbadin Naib persists with the leg-stump line, turned off his legs to long leg
12.2
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, 2 runs, 122kph, length ball from round the wicket that ends up on the pads, tucked away to long leg
12.1
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 100kph, slower ball from a back of a length, nudged to backward square leg
11.6
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, eased down to long-off
11.5
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, 1 run, Karunaratne comes forward and mistimes the flick off the inner half to mid-wicket. Gulbadin Naib dived to his right and in the process hurt himself. He walks off the field..
11.4
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, no run, darts in a seam-up ball and Karunaratne is too late to bring his bat down. A muted appeal from Mohammad Shahzad for lbw, but that was surely going down leg
11.3
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, no run, Karunaratne walks down the track and gets beaten by this slider on the inside edge. Wears it on the pad, but that was going down leg
11.2
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, no run, loads of flight and bowls it very full, clipped to mid-wicket
11.1
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of length from round the wicket, Perera stays low and pulls it to deep mid-wicket
10.6
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, 1 run, banged in short at 124kph, Perera hops and rolls his wrists to control his pull shot. A single to deep mid-wicket
10.5
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, 1 run, straighter line, tucked to deep square leg
10.4
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, no run, 124kph, on a length and it might have held onto the pitch a bit. Karunaratne is through with his punch and it comes off the bottom part of the bat. Fortunately it went wide of the bowler who dived to his left in his followthrough
10.3
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, no run, 127kph, good length delivery, Karunaratne looks to work it through the on-side and gets a leading edge towards mid-off
10.2
Gulbadin Naib to Kusal Perera, 1 run, slower ball, Perera picks it and bunts it into the mid-wicket region
10.1
Gulbadin Naib to Karunaratne, 1 run, with a slip in place, Gulbadin Naib bowls a length ball on middle and leg, turned to deep square leg
9.6
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, no run, 93kph, on a length and on the stumps, Perera is content in blocking it back to the bowler
9.5
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, 1 run, slightly on the shorter side and Karunaratne push-drives it to long-on
9.4
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, no run, in-turner, chopped to cover
9.3
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, no run, fullish ball on off, Karunaratne reverse-sweeps it to short third man
9.2
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, 1 run, punched to the right of the bowler who parries it towards cover. Perera sees an opportunity to nab a run and succeeds
9.1
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, 1 run, in-drifter on middle, dinked to long-on
8.6
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, Perera isn't happy with himslef as he fails to find the gap. A slow, short of length ball at 79kph, Perera rocks back and cuts it straight to the fielder at cover
8.5
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, 1 run, 89kph, Karunaratne inside-halves the push towards long-on
8.4
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, no run, flighted delivery, pushed to the right of the bowler who makes a diving stop
8.3
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, 2 runs, straying on leg, worked through backward square leg and Karunaratne comes back for the second. The throw comes to the bowler's end and Kusal Perera makes his ground with a dive
8.2
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, quicker and short, Perera pulls it to deep square leg
8.1
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, 1 run, tossed up delivery, drifts in a touch, Karunaratne gets forward and drives it neatly to long-on
7.6
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, no run, quicker ball at 95kph, Perera is a touch late to cut and he ends up chopping it to cover off the under edge
7.5
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, no run, leg-stump line, but Mujeeb gets away with it as Perera sweeps it straight to the man at 45
7.4
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, no run, googly on the stumps, defended back to the bowler
7.3
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, FOUR, Mujeeb over-corrects and gets punished. Dragged short with width served. Perera rocks back in his crease and fiercely cuts it through the covers
7.2
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, FOUR, audacious! Kusal Perera comes down the track, gets close to the pitch of the ball and flogs it over wide mid-on. Got a lot of height on it and fell a couple of yards in front of the boundary rope
7.1
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, no run, stump-to-stump line, defended off the inner half of the bat
7.1
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, wide, drifting down leg, Perera shaped up to sweep hard and missed
6.6
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, leg byes, 1 run, quicker one at 95kph, slides through and Perera is late on the sweep shot. Off his pad and it rolls towards backward square leg
6.5
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, slow, looped up delivery at 77kph, Perera is happy to stonewall it
6.4
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, 1 run, slightly too full, knocked to long-on
6.3
Mohammad Nabi to Karunaratne, no run, no spin on this ball as he strays it on leg, tapped to mid-wicket
6.2
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, 1 run, looped up ball, Perera gets down on a knee and sweeps it all along the carpet to deep backward square leg
6.1
Mohammad Nabi to Kusal Perera, no run, bowls a fullish ball from round the wicket, Perera comes down the track and yorks himself, jammed out to mid-wicket
5.6
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, FOUR, finishes the over with a half-volley and Karunaratne takes heavy toll of it. He leans across does the skipper and with a lifted back leg, he flicks it handsomely through the mid-wicket region
5.5
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, no run, Karunaratne gets forward and blocks it out on the off-side
5.4
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, no run, fuller in length, Karunaratne mistimes the drive to cover
5.3
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, 1 run, gives a bit of flight on this occasion and that's been pushed towards mid-off for a quick single. The fielder attacked the ball, but fails to stop it cleanly
5.2
Mujeeb to Karunaratne, 1 run, in-angler from round the wicket, eased down to long-on
5.1
Mujeeb to Kusal Perera, 1 run, Perera unleashes the sweep shot straightaway against Mujeeb, goes to deep square leg on the bounce
4.6
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, much better from Dawlat Zadran. From round the wicket, Dawlat Zadran bowls it in the right channel - good length and marginally outside off. Forced Karunaratne to play a shot and beats him on the outside edge - courtesy the away-seam. A peach of a delivery
4.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, leg byes, 4, this is poor bowling from Afghanistan. Another one on the pads, Karunaratne might have failed to put bat on it, but the ball brushes his pad and runs away to the fine leg fence. 50 up for Sri Lanka in the fifth over!
4.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, wide, inswinger, but down leg
4.4
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, fuller than a good length ball outside off, left alone
4.3
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, 1 run, a gentle push towards cover and Perera sets off for a quick single. Rashid Khan, the keeper, has a needless kick to try and score a direct-hit, misses it. Fortunately, no extra run conceded
4.3
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, wide, 5  Afghanistan are leaking runs here. Banged in halfway down and Perera has nothing to do with it. The line is down leg as well and Mohammad Shahzad can't get there
4.2
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, FOUR, 137kph, fullish outside off, Perera drags it from outside off and hoicks it over mid-wicket off the bottom part of the bat. Zazai gives the chase from mid-wicket and puts in the slide in an attempt to flick it back into play, but makes a mess of it
4.1
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, no run, hit high on the bat! Shortish ball at 134kph that bounces more than Perera expected it to and hence there was no timing on his tuck
3.6
Hamid to Karunaratne, no run, Hamid Hassan gets away with this bad ball. Short and wide, Karunaratne cuts off the back foot, but it's been stopped by a diving backward point fielder
3.5
Hamid to Karunaratne, FOUR, fullish ball at 138kph, Karunaratne didn't over-hit as he closed the bat-face. But, he middled the clip and placed it through the gap between mid-wicket and mid-on. A teasing chase for the fielder, who could only watch the ball go past the ropes
3.4
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, fraction short and has been tucked towards square leg
3.3
Hamid to Kusal Perera, FOUR, Hamid Hassan goes full at 138kph, but ends up right in Perera's arc. The southpaw gets underneath it and smacks it over wide mid-off. 'Stand and deliver' stuff from Perera
3.2
Hamid to Karunaratne, 1 run, 132kph, width on offer outside off, Karunaratne late-dabs it to third man using the pace of the bowler
3.2
Hamid to Karunaratne, wide, 5  sprayed down the leg-side and Mohammad Shahzad decides not to dive after moving to his right. Five easy runs for Sri Lanka
3.1
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 133kph, in-slanter from round the wicket and it might have nipped in further. Perera inside-edges the punch to square leg for a single
2.6
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 131kph, banged in short, Karunaratne easily ducks under it
2.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, back of a length delivery, Karunaratne rides the bounce and fences it to backward point
2.4
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 138kph, fuller length ball around off, Karunaratne is half-forward as he defends it back to the bowler
2.3
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, just a touch fuller than a good length and he gets it to slant it across the left-hander, Karunaratne shoulders arms. Good carry-through to the keeper
2.2
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, 1 run, Dawlat Zadran further shortens his length, Perera doesn't quite middle his swivel-pull, has to settle for a single as the fine leg fielder mops up
2.1
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, no run, 134kph, nips in from a back of a length and cramps Perera for room. Perera had picked the length and looked to tuck it through the on-side, but was beaten on the inside edge by the extra bounce and the inward movement. Wears it on his body
1.6
Hamid to Karunaratne, 2 runs, full and outside off and Karunaratne pushes it gently through the vacant point region for a brace
1.5
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, knocked into the mid-wicket pocket and the batsmen scamper across for a quick single
1.4
Hamid to Kusal Perera, FOUR, authoritative hit! Fuller than a good length ball, Perera stands tall in his crease and batters it to the right of the bowler. No chance for the mid-off fielder to stop that. No need to run for those. Hassan had shifted to round the wicket
1.3
Hamid to Karunaratne, leg byes, 1 run, cries of catch it, but don't think there was an inside edge there. Hamid Hassan slips this slightly down leg and Karunaratne fails to make contact with his flick. The ball brushes his pad and Mohammad Shahzad can only half-stop with his dive
1.2
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 3 runs, 136kph, Hamid Hassan offers a bit of width and that's enough for Perera to punch it through point. Made decent contact, but the outfield isn't lightning quick
1.1
Hamid to Kusal Perera, FOUR, Kusal Perera needs no sighters! A venom-less shortish ball at 130kph. Bounces just above the waist and sits up nicely for the left-hander. Perera waits for it and pulls it through square leg
0.6
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, on a length and wide of off, a watchful push into the covers follows
0.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, FOUR, Dawlat Zadran shortens his length at 136kph, but once again the line is just down leg. Karunaratne hops and tickles it very fine. First boundary of the day and with that Karunaratne opens his account
0.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, wide, swing for Dawlat Zadran at 135kph, but the line is too straight. Ends up slipping it down leg and it goes past Karunaratne's flick. Mohammad Shahzad makes a diving stop
0.4
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 136kph, short of length delivery wide of off, Karunaratne hangs back and chops it to point
0.3
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, similar length, Karunaratne drops it into the off-side, but can't steal a run. It hit the top part of the bat
0.2
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, back of a length delivery angling away, Karunaratne hops and defends tentatively. Off the inside half and it rolls towards the keeper
0.1
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, good shape into the left-hander from a short of length and Karunaratne is late on the glance. Gets beaten and is rapped high on the front leg
Commentary
Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Mohammad Shahzad,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Pradeep,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
