21.4
Thomas to Riaz, out Bowled!! Russell will have plenty of time to recover as Pakistan have been bundled out for 105. Wahab was playing shots and this was always coming - This was full and fast, right at the base of middle, once Wahab backed away and missed his swing, it was always curtains for him - right at the base of middle and the misery is over for Pakistan wkt (10-105) min (19m). Riaz b Thomas 18(11) [4s-1 6s-2]
21.3
Thomas to Amir, 1 run, on a good length and following Amir as he shuffled right across, clipped behind square on the on-side for a single
21.3
Thomas to Amir, no ball, on a good length and well outside off, Amir makes room on the slash and misses - another no-ball from Thomas, but it isn't on replays, harsh on the youngster
21.2
Thomas to Amir, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Amir rides the bounce and keeps it down
21.1
Thomas to Amir, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, Amir was backing away on the drive and missed
20.6
Holder to Riaz, SIX, massive, the Pakistan section of the crowd find their voice - back of a length and at the stumps, Wahab backs away and heaves it high and over square leg, went a long way over the ropes
20.5
Holder to Riaz, FOUR, more runs for Wahab, he's getting Pakistan closer towards 100 - on a good length and well outside off, he cleared his front leg on the heave, sliced it over cover and the ball rolled away to the ropes
20.4
Holder to Riaz, no run, short of a length and rising onto the right-hander, Wahab rides with the bounce and keeps it down
20.3
Holder to Riaz, no run, that was close, full and following Wahab as he backed away, he swung and missed, didn't miss the leg-stump by much
20.2
Holder to Riaz, SIX, clubbed - some joy for the Pakistan fans, length ball at the stumps, didn't rise a lot and Wahab heaves it over mid-wicket for a maximum
20.1
Holder to Amir, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, tucked to the left of mid-on for a single
19.6
Thomas to Amir, 1 run, banged in short and on Amir's ribs, he hops across and works it behind square on the on-side for a single
19.5
Thomas to Riaz, 1 run, short of a length and on Wahab's hips, tucked down to long leg for a single
19.4
Thomas to Riaz, no run, banged in short and at the stumps, Wahab backs away on the pull and missed
19.4
Thomas to Riaz, no ball, fuller length delivery on Wahab's pads, turned towards square leg - a big no-ball from Thomas
19.3
Thomas to Hafeez, out Caught by Cottrell!! This is abysmal batting from Pakistan - have they never played a short ball before? Another well directed bouncer from Thomas - short and rising onto the right-hander, Hafeez took his eyes off the ball, got himself into a clumsy position on the pull, the top-edge went high and towards long leg, plenty of time for Cottrell to rush forward, dive and hold on wkt (9-83) min (36m). Hafeez c Cottrell b Thomas 16(24) [4s-2]
19.2
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, was there some glove on it? But the ball bounced well in front of the keeper, Hafeez was looking to pull a short ball and missed
19.1
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, on a good length and a hint of shape back into the right-hander, Hafeez hops across and turns it to the on-side
18.6
Holder to Hafeez, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Hafeez's pads, clipped past mid-wicket for a single
18.5
Holder to Riaz, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Wahab prods across and steers it down towards third man, off the mark with a single
18.4
Holder to Riaz, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, Wahab prods forward and defends
18.3
Holder to Hasan Ali, out Caught by Cottrell!! A nothing shot and the dressing room will be livid with this dismissal - Holder shortened his length and got it to climb onto the right-hander, Hasan was in no position on the pull, went high off the bat and lobbed a dolly to mid-off. 189 balls remaining and Pakistan have just two batsmen remaining wkt (8-81) min (6m). Hasan Ali c Cottrell b Holder 1(4)
18.2
Holder to Hasan Ali, no run, nicely bowled, pitched up and in that channel outside off, Hasan was pushing from the crease and is beaten on the outside edge
18.1
Holder to Hafeez, 1 run, back of a length and on Hafeez's pads, he was looking to flick, went off the gloves and rolled away to long leg
17.6
Thomas to Hafeez, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single
17.5
Thomas to Hasan Ali, 1 run, that looked awkward - banged in short and at the stumps, Hasan took his eyes off the ball, looked to fend it away and the ball lobbed off the splice - onto the gloves and rolls behind square on the on-side
17.4
Thomas to Hasan Ali, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Hasan pushes half-forward and defends
17.3
Thomas to Shadab Khan, out Lbw!! Pakistan are in absolute shambles now - this is brilliant bowling from Thomas - a new man in and he went full and first, perhaps, Shadab was playing for the short ball, his feet went nowhere, footwork was non-existent, played all around the ball and is struck bang in front of middle, was going to crash into middle-stump and that's an easy call for umpire Erasmus wkt (7-78) min (3m). Shadab Khan lbw b Thomas 0(1)
17.2
Thomas to Hafeez, 1 run, fraction fuller and a hint of shape back into the right-hander, Hafeez was late in getting his bat down, squirts it behind square on the on-side for a single
17.1
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Hafeez gets half-forward and defends it to the off-side
16.6
Holder to Imad Wasim, out Caught by Gayle!! It's all going horrendously wrong for Pakistan at Trent Bride - a nothing shot and Imad has to walk back, banged in short and angling down the leg-side, Imad was half-hearted in his attempted pull, lobbed off the glove and looped towards first slip. Gayle gets across and holds on, no need to review and Imad walks away in dismay wkt (6-77) min (6m). Imad Wasim c Gayle b Holder 1(3)
16.5
Holder to Hafeez, 1 run, tad too short and on Hafeez's pads, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
16.4
Holder to Hafeez, no run, Holder shortens his length outside off, Hafeez hops across and pushes it to cover-point
16.3
Holder to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, tucked wide of square leg for a single
16.2
Holder to Imad Wasim, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Imad prods across and pushes it to the off-side
16.1
Holder to Sarfaraz, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Appeal for a caught behind and West Indies want a review. It's a fair delivery, was it off the gloves and or of thigh-pad? UltraEdge in and think it has clipped the gloves on its way, Umpire Ravi agrees and Sarfaraz is OUT. Excellent review from West Indies - thought it went off Sarfaraz's thigh-pad, but Pooran was adamant and he was right. Holder's first ball in his new spell was short and angling down leg, Sarfaraz was looking to help it on its way, a fine glance off his gloves and through to the keeper. Pakistan have lost half their side now wkt (5-75) min (34m). Sarfaraz c Shai Hope b Holder 8(12) [4s-1]
15.6
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, full-toss from Thomas, driven straight to the fielder at mid-off
15.5
Thomas to Hafeez, 2 runs, lovely shot, overpitched and just outside off, Hafeez leans forward and punches it to the right of mid-off - Brathwaite puts in the dive, gets a hand onto it and then chases it down - saves a couple of runs
15.5
Thomas to Hafeez, wide, that's a wild short ball, sailed high and over Hafeez's head - ironic cheers from the Pakistani supporters as it's called as a wide
15.4
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, tad fuller and on Hafeez's pads, he prods across and clips it to mid-wicket
15.3
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Hafeez gets half-a-stride forward and finds cover-point
15.2
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, fraction fuller and sliding onto Hafeez's pads, he was late on the flick and is struck on the pad, rolled away to the on-side
15.1
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, on a good length and holding its line outside off, left alone. The ball goes through to the keeper on first bounce
14.6
Brathwaite to Hafeez, 1 run, single to finish the over. It was short and was on the body, Hafeez top-edges the pull shot to fine leg
14.5
Brathwaite to Hafeez, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Hafeez gets behind and works it to the on-side
14.4
Brathwaite to Hafeez, no run, short and it was above the head height for Hafeez. He ducks and umpire misses the wide call. They have been very lenient on the short ball calls today
14.3
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short but without much venom, Sarfaraz makes himself big and pulls it wide of mid-wicket. The shot wasn't timed by Sarfaraz and will take only a single
14.2
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Sarfaraz uses straight bat to block it back to the bowler
14.1
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, no run, on a good length and around off, Sarfaraz gets behind it and defends it back to cover
13.6
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Hafeez pushes it to the off-side
13.5
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, fuller and angling back into Hafeez, this time, he was beaten by the pace and misses the flick shot
13.4
Thomas to Hafeez, FOUR, this one was drifting onto the pads, Hafeez uses his wrists to good effect to flick it wide of deep mid-wicket. The fielder there dives but had no chance of stopping. Hafeez is away in stellar fashion!
13.3
Thomas to Hafeez, FOUR, class written all over it. It was short and was wide of off, Hafeez jumps a touch to get in line of the ball and punches it wide of backward point for a boundary
13.2
Thomas to Hafeez, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, it comes back in off the deck too. Hafeez did well to block it back
13.1
Thomas to Babar Azam, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Thomas joins the party too and this is a massive wicket for West Indies. They are well and truly bossing this game as Pakistan's ace batsman heads back to the dressing room. It was short and there was room, it was there to be hit. Babar Azam throws his hands at it, gets an outside edge. And Shai Hope flies in the air and takes it in a dramatic fashion wkt (4-64) min (22m). Babar Azam c Shai Hope b Thomas 22(33) [4s-2]
12.6
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, 1 run, shuffles to the off-side and works it wide of backward square leg for a single
12.5
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, no run, bumper on the body, Babar Azam ducks and leaves it alone
12.4
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, 1 run, short of length delivery aiming on the body, Sarfaraz pulls it to fine leg for a single
12.3
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, no run, steers it to backward point
12.2
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, 1 run, wide of off, Babar Azam runs it wide of backward point for a single. This is way too easier than dealing bouncers of Russell for Babar Azam and Sarfaraz, not sure why he has been taken out of the attack
12.1
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Sarfaraz plunges forward and pushes it to mid-off for a single
11.6
Thomas to Babar Azam, no run, another bouncer, gets the line wrong as it way wide of off, Babar Azam had no difficulty in leaving that alone
11.5
Thomas to Sarfaraz, 1 run, room provided for Sarfaraz and he opens the face of the bat to guide it to third man
11.4
Thomas to Babar Azam, 1 run, on a length and around off, Babar Azam steers it to third man
11.3
Thomas to Babar Azam, FOUR, top-shot from Babar Azam! He was anticipating the short ball, gets in a fabulous position and nails the pull shot wide of deep mid-wicket, it absolutely rockets to the fence
11.2
Thomas to Babar Azam, 2 runs, short and on the body, Babar Azam makes himself big and powers the pull shot wide of mid-wicket, excellent effort from Pooran in the deep and he will save two runs for his team
11.1
Thomas to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Babar Azam was looking to drive, inside half of the bat takes it to mid-on
10.6
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, FOUR, errs in line, poor from Brathwaite! Serves up a gentle delivery down the leg-side, Sarfaraz clips it wide of the keeper, enough bat on it to send it away for a boundary
10.5
Brathwaite to Sarfaraz, no run, short and attacking the face, Sarfaraz gets low and leaves it alone
10.4
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, 1 run, short and down the leg-side, Babar Azam tucks it to backward square leg for a single
10.3
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, no run, dropped by Hetmyer at backward point! It was on a short of length and was wide of off, Babar Azam was looking to run it down to third man, doesn't hit it cleanly and Hetmyer fails to get his hand in order
10.2
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, no run, defends it to the off-side
10.1
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and angling down the leg-side, Babar Azam misses the flick. It hits his pad and comes back in the direction of the stumps, evades it in the end
9.6
A Russell to Sarfaraz, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Sarfaraz defends it to the off-side
9.5
A Russell to Sarfaraz, no run, Sarfaraz would have anticipated another bumper and Russell bowls a yorker on the stumps. Sarfaraz was quick enough to block it back
9.4
A Russell to Haris Sohail, out Caught by Shai Hope!! This is sensational from Russell. High-quality fast bowling from him. He is on a roll here and he is making Pakistan suffer. It was short and was around off, Haris Sohail was taken aback by extra bounce and extra pace as it absoleutely flew off the deck. Haris Sohail was looking to steer it away, it clips his outside edge and Hope takes a fine catch fine catch behind the stumps wkt (3-45) min (17m). Haris Sohail c Shai Hope b A Russell 8(11) [4s-1]
9.3
A Russell to Haris Sohail, no run, another bumper! This in incredible from Russell, Haris Sohail ducks again
9.2
A Russell to Haris Sohail, no run, another one on a short of length, Haris Sohail gets under it and ducks
9.1
A Russell to Haris Sohail, no run, another short of length delivery, Haris Sohail ducks and lets it go
8.6
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Babar Azam flicks it to mid-wicket
8.5
Brathwaite to Babar Azam, no run, short and on the stumps, Babar makes himself big and works it to the on-side
8.4
Brathwaite to Haris Sohail, 1 run, Brathwaite bangs it short too but it wasn't as sharp as Russell's bumper. Haris Sohail hops and tucks it to the on-side for a single
8.3
Brathwaite to Haris Sohail, no run, on a good length and well wide of off, Haris Sohail uses the width to good effect and punches it but hits it straight to cover
8.2
Brathwaite to Haris Sohail, no run, fuller and around off, Haris Sohail pushes it to cover
8.1
Brathwaite to Haris Sohail, 2 runs, on a length and down the leg-side, Haris Sohail clips it wide of backward square leg for a single
7.6
A Russell to Babar Azam, no run, another delivery pounded on a short of length, this was sharper than the last one. And it was coming back into Babar Azam, he was quick to go down and get out of the line of the delivery
7.5
A Russell to Babar Azam, no run, well another short of length delivery, the line was wide of off this time. And Babar Azam was in mood to play a shot
7.4
A Russell to Babar Azam, no run, and again... Another bouncer. He is in a mood for some sweet-chin music. Babar Azam deals it in a fine fashion and lets it go
7.3
A Russell to Babar Azam, no run, another sharp bouncer! Russell is generating some serious pace here and he is getting the ball to jump off the deck. Babar Azam drops his wrists and leaves it alone
7.2
A Russell to Haris Sohail, 1 run, stays put in the crease, it was down the leg-side and Haris Sohail whips it wide of mid-wicket
7.1
A Russell to Babar Azam, 1 run, on a good length and around off, Babar Azam steers it wide of third man for a single
6.6
Cottrell to Haris Sohail, FOUR, gets off the mark in a fine fashion. There was lot of room on offer, Haris Sohail reaches for it and lofts it over cover for a boundary
6.5
Cottrell to Babar Azam, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Babar Azam tucks it to deep mid-wicket
6.4
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, brilliant delivery! On a fuller length and was wide of off, Babar Azam was tempted to drive it, it moves away just a little bit and that was good enough to beat the outside edge of Babar Azam
6.3
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, defends it to the off-side
6.2
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Babar Azam gets behind it and blocks it to the off-side
6.1
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, another short of length delivery, Babar Azam was early into the pull shot, he misses it and it hits him around the rib-cage
5.6
A Russell to Haris Sohail, no run, another fiery bouncer, Haris Sohail did well to sway himself out of the line and leaves it alone
5.5
A Russell to Fakhar Zaman, out Bowled!! Russell is jubilant, look at him celebrate! He punches the air in delight. It was a bumper on the face and Fakhar Zaman was looking to take him on, goes for a pull shot. It came to him quicker than he anticipated. He was onto it late, it hit him on the glove then on the grill of the helmet and came back to hit the stumps wkt (2-35) min (27m). Pakistan in a spot of bother! Fakhar Zaman b A Russell 22(16) [4s-2 6s-1]
5.4
A Russell to Babar Azam, 1 run, on a good length and just a little bit of room, Babar Azam cuts it handsomely to third man
5.3
A Russell to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, on a good length and was around off, Fakhar Zaman opens the face of the bat and steers it to third man for a single
5.2
A Russell to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman punches it back to the bowler
5.1
A Russell to Fakhar Zaman, no run, some extra bounce for Russell on that delivery. Fakhar Zaman was looking to tuck it to the on-side, he was beaten by the bounce and it beats his edge. It thuds into the gloves of Shai Hope
4.6
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, back to that outside off line again, Babar Azam is more cautious when it is in that area. Left alone!
4.5
Cottrell to Babar Azam, 2 runs, gets his line wrong, it ends up being on the pads. Babar Azam gets in a good position and whips it wide of backward square leg for a brace
4.4
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and angling away from Babar Azam, he is no mood to flirt at that delivery and leaves it alone
4.3
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, on a good length and curving away from Babar Azam, he lifts his bat and lets it go
4.2
Cottrell to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Babar Azam pushes it to the off-side
4.1
Cottrell to Babar Azam, FOUR, that is an absolute gift! Dishes out a full-toss around off, Babar Azam gets in the position quickly and creams the drive with a lot of class and elegance. It beats mid-off and runs along the carpet for a boundary
3.6
Holder to Babar Azam, 3 runs, majestic from Babar Azam! His first ball of the World Cup and he plays a stellar flick shot. Well, the outfield isn't the quickest, it seems and it won't reach the fence again
3.5
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, 3 runs, another punch shot but this one will be stopped inside the ropes. There was not a lot of room, Fakhar Zaman manufactures his own room and punches it wide of cover
3.4
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, just a little bit short, not a lot wrong in the delivery. But Fakhar Zaman is looking in fine touch, he picks up the length early and punches it wide of cover for a boundary
3.3
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman gets behind it and defends it back
3.2
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and curving away from Fakhar Zaman, he wanted to drive it through cover, gets it off the inside half of the blade and it ends up to the on-side
3.1
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman pushes it to mid-on
2.6
Cottrell to Imam, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Well, nerves of the occasion got the better of Imam. He wasn't looking in his elements at all, must have had some butterflies in his stomach. It was short and was down the leg-side, Imam any other day would have pulled it for a boundary. But he was late onto it today, gets a bit of glove and Shai Hope takes a fine catch down the leg-side wkt (1-17) min (15m). Imam c Shai Hope b Cottrell 2(11)
2.5
Cottrell to Imam, no run, this one came back in a touch, Imam stays put in the crease and pushes it to cover
2.4
Cottrell to Imam, no run, on a good length and in that channel wide of off, Imam gets behind the line of the ball and blocks it to the off-side
2.3
Cottrell to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, it was on the stumps and Fakhar Zaman tucks it to the on-side
2.2
Cottrell to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, short and wide and asking for trouble! Fakhar Zaman reaches for it, gets on top of the bounce and punches it over the in-field on the off-side. The outfield is quick and it will run away for a boundary
2.1
Cottrell to Imam, 1 run, errs in line, dishes it out on the pads. Imam flicks, but the placemment was not good enough as he hits it straight to deep backward square leg
1.6
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, no run, much fuller and going away from Fakhar Zaman, he leaves it alone
1.5
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length delivery curving into Fakhar Zaman, he wanted to tuck, misses it. It his him on the body and deflects to the off-side
1.4
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, SIX, wow! Enough of tuk-tuk says Fakhar! it was on his pads, he takes out the pick-up shot and absolutely nails it. It sailed over the deep mid-wicket fence for a maximum!
1.3
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Fakhar Zaman leaves it alone
1.2
Holder to Imam, 1 run, just a gentle push to mid-off and he will get off the mark too
1.1
Holder to Fakhar Zaman, 3 runs, fuller and on the stumps, Fakhar Zaman punches it down the ground with a straight bat. Decent timing but it will be stopped inside the ropes. He will take three to get off the mark.
0.6
Cottrell to Imam, no run, another excellent delivery from Cottrell! It curved back in the air, Imam was beaten by the late movement. No feet movement from Imam, he gets just a little bit inside edge and it ends up back in the direction of the bowler
0.5
Cottrell to Imam, no run, on a good length and wide of off, it moves away off the deck and goes past the bat of Imam
0.4
Cottrell to Imam, no run, getting a little too ambitious here. Was looking for a yorker probably, gets his length wrong and it ends up being a full toss. Imam was taken aback by it a touch and got his bat down late, managed to push it back at the bowler
0.3
Cottrell to Imam, no run, brilliant delivery from Cottrell! Pitches this one closer to the stumps and gets it to move away, Imam plays it away from the body slightly and it beats his outside edge
0.2
Cottrell to Imam, no run, similar line and similar length. Imam had no intention of playing at it and he leaves it alone
0.1
Cottrell to Imam, no run, much better from Cottrell! On a good length and a hint of away movement, Imam lifts his bat and lets it go
0.1
Cottrell to Imam, wide, errs in line straightaway, throws it well wide of off and it moves further away. Imam leaves and umpire calls it as a wide
Commentary
Gayle, Darren Bravo,Andre Russell, Ashley Nurse, Carlos Brathwaite, Jason Holder (c), Sheldon Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope, Oshane Thomas
Hafeez, Sarfaraz,Riaz,Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
