48.6
Brathwaite to Starc, out Caught by Holder!! It's in the air again, it's Holder again and he closes the innings out. Brathwaite has three wickets to his name all of a sudden. Starc tried to launch this over the rope, made decent contact with the loft to this full ball, but didn't have enough power behind the shot. Long-on moved to his left to complete the catch wkt (10-288) min (13m). Starc c Holder b Brathwaite 8(9) [4s-1]
48.5
Brathwaite to Starc, no run, now Starc pulls and misses
48.4
Brathwaite to Starc, FOUR, nice pull shot, controlled with the roll of wrists to keep the ball along the ground and hits it to the deep square leg fence
48.3
Brathwaite to Starc, no run, short delivery, Starc misses the pull, hit on the ribs, hope he's wearing a chest guard
48.2
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, out Caught by Holder!! He's mis-hit this and Holder swallows the ball at long-off. A deserved hundred goes begging. Brilliant hand from NCN at No. 8. Brathwaite overpitched and dished out a perfect delivery to be smashed into the stands. The bat turned in his hands on impact with the ball and he slices it high in the air. Standing ovation for Coulter Nile wkt (9-284) min (79m). Coulter Nile c Holder b Brathwaite 92(60) [4s-8 6s-4]
48.1
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, 2 runs, again loud cheer as Chris Gayle chases the ball all the way towards the third man boundary from short third man. Wide yorker, the ball runs away off the toe-end. Gayle funnily holds his hamstring, but he looks fine
47.6
Thomas to Starc, 2 runs, driven in the air, mid-off dives to his right and gets a hand on it, they steal the second run
47.5
Thomas to Starc, 2 runs, yorker on the leg stump, Starc flicks it through backward square leg
47.4
Thomas to Starc, no run, short and on the leg stump, Starc is hit on the thigh pad as he misses the pull shot, Hope stops the ball
47.3
Thomas to Coulter Nile, 1 run, low full toss, hits the toe-end and to long-off, NCN checks his bat immediately
47.2
Thomas to Coulter Nile, no run, edged, but it falls just short of Hope. Wide yorker, NCN reaches out and tries to squeeze, only manages an edge
47.1
Thomas to Coulter Nile, no run, low full toss outside off stump, NCN looks to drive, gets an inside edge that goes to backward square leg
46.6
Brathwaite to Starc, no run, slower delivery on the shorter side, Starc swivels early and mistimes the guide
46.5
Brathwaite to Starc, no run, there was a noise as the ball passed the bat, but no appeal. Short fuller length on the stumps, Starc goes for the pull, looked like he missed it
46.4
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, 1 run, yorker outside off stump, NCN digs it out to long-off
46.3
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, FOUR, he pulls, he hits the gap and he finds the boundary. What an innings this. Brathwaite doesn't the pace to trouble NCN with the short ball, this actually was a rank long hop and the ball was sent to deep square leg
46.2
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, FOUR, you can't bowl full and in the slot to a set batsman, NCN gets down on his knees and lofts the cover-drive hard over the infield, no one in the deep
46.1
Brathwaite to Pat Cummins, out Caught by Cottrell!! Sigh of relief for Brathwaite. Finally gets into the wickets column. Short delivery on the stumps, Cummins goes for the pull shot, gets a top edge, Cottrell settles under it at deep backward square leg and grabs it cleanly wkt (8-268) min (12m). Pat Cummins c Cottrell b Brathwaite 2(6)
45.6
Cottrell to Pat Cummins, 1 run, full and outside off stump, Cummins drives it to cover, keeps strike
45.5
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Coulter Nile slaps it to long-off
45.4
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, SIX, highest score by a No. 8 batsman in World Cup history. What an effort, Cottrell missed the yorker and bowled a freebie full ball, NCN gets under the ball and smashes it over long-on
45.3
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, SIX, how hard and flat has he hit this? Almost went for six. Short of a length delivery, NCN pulls powerfully, Brathwaite dives to his left at deep square leg and looks like he has parried the ball into the ad cushions. Would have bounced inside otherwise
45.2
Cottrell to Pat Cummins, 1 run, squeezed out to third man
45.1
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, inside edge past the sticks and look at Chris Gayle there. The Universe Boss dives to his right and stops. Gets a loud cheer from the crowd and he spreads his arms with a smile to acknowledge
44.6
Thomas to Pat Cummins, no run, nice yorker to round off the over, Cummins digs it out
44.5
Thomas to Pat Cummins, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, swings and misses
44.4
Thomas to Pat Cummins, no run, short delivery outside off stump, Cummins shoulders arms
44.3
Thomas to Coulter Nile, 1 run, mistimed slap to long-on
44.3
Thomas to Coulter Nile, wide, NCN swings but this is very wide again
44.3
Thomas to Coulter Nile, wide, way outside off stump
44.2
Thomas to Smith, out Caught by Cottrell!! Oh what a stunning grab by Cottrell. Salute to the soldier. Gets a great round of applause, while Smith is being booed off the field. Smith can't believe Cottrell has caught this. This was actually a stylish whip from Smith, targetting the backward square leg fence. The timing was good enough to go all the way. Cottrell ran to his left from fine leg, but it looked like it will go past him. But he stuck his left hand out and caught the ball, was too close to the rope, takes a step and then releases as he was about to cross the rope. Recovers in time and catches it again. What a catch. But take nothing away from Smith's knock. Hung in there, absorbed all the pressure and now Australia have a good fighting score wkt (7-249) min (178m). Smith c Cottrell b Thomas 73(103) [4s-7]
44.1
Thomas to Smith, FOUR, mid-off is inside the ring, so Smith is happy to launch this over the infield. Overpitched delivery from Thomas, Smith didn't find the middle of the bat but he gets four runs
43.6
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, pushed into the off-side to cover
43.6
Nurse to Smith, wide, another wide down the leg-side
43.5
Nurse to Coulter Nile, 1 run, worked away to deep mid-wicket
43.4
Nurse to Coulter Nile, 2 runs, flighted delivery outside off stump, Coulter Nile lofts over the infield over cover, the man at long-off runs to his left and tidies up
43.3
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, flatter delivery outside off stump, punched
43.2
Nurse to Coulter Nile, 1 run, dropped! Hetmyer ran to his left and dived but spilled the ball. Flighted delivery on the stumps, Coulter Nile slogs, connects decently well, hits it flat and gets away with it as the catch is dropped at deep mid-wicket
43.2
Nurse to Coulter Nile, wide, sprayed down the leg-side, Hope appeals to put the ump off, but the ump was sharp enough
43.1
Nurse to Coulter Nile, FOUR, this is clever batting from NCN. Moved right across and exposed the sticks, lured Nurse into bowling at the stumps, knows fine leg is in, so just helps it on its way to the fence for four
42.6
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, 1 run, slower outside off, Coulter Nile back cuts it to third man
42.5
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, SIX, into the crowd. Full toss and Coulter Nile ensures he gets maximum result out of that, he uses all his power to muscle the big hit over the long-on fence
42.4
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, 2 runs, fifty for Coulter Nile. Maiden ODI half century and he couldn't have chosen a better time to get it. His knock has ensured Smith can bat through without any pressure. The slower delivery and Coulter Nile heaves it to deep mid-wicket, the ball lands in no man's land and the duo take a brace
42.3
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, the natural angle from Brathwaite is flicked off the pads to deep square leg
42.2
Brathwaite to Smith, FOUR, not where he intended but Smith will take 'em. There was width outside off and he threw his bat, the outside edge runs away fine with third man not even in the picture
42.2
Brathwaite to Smith, wide, bouncer wasted down leg, Smith gets inside the line and is happy to collect the wide
42.1
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, leg-cutter on middle, Smith turns it to mid-wicket
41.6
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, flighted outside off, Smith drives it down the ground, keeps strike
41.5
Nurse to Smith, no run, tight lines, on off and middle, Smith can only knock it back to Nurse
41.4
Nurse to Smith, no run, driven to cover
41.3
Nurse to Coulter Nile, 1 run, miscommunication but Coulter Nile gets in safely. Nurdled to short fine and Smith was racing across to the striker's end, NCN was late to take off but Nurse not collecting helped him reach there
41.2
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, on middle and leg, flicked away to deep mid-wicket
41.1
Nurse to Coulter Nile, 1 run, flatter and outside off, Coulter Nile punches it to sweeper cover
40.6
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, 1 run, full toss on the pads, flicked to deep backward square
40.5
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, back of a length around off, Smith steers it away to third man
40.4
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, fuller and outside off, Smith angles it away to backward point
40.3
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, 1 run, slower delivery outside off, Coulter Nile under edges the cut to third man
40.2
Brathwaite to Coulter Nile, FOUR, Coulter Nile is playing a fine innings here. Waiting for the deliveries in his arc and once he gets those, he is ensuring that he puts it away. Full toss on off and middle, Coulter Nile chips it over mid-wicket and the fast outfield takes care of the rest
40.1
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, close to yorker length, whipped away to long-on
39.6
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, very full delivery and Smith is third time lucky, he drives it between Nurse and mid-wicket
39.5
Nurse to Smith, no run, a firmer drive to the right of Nurse, who dives across to stop the single
39.4
Nurse to Smith, no run, pushed back to the bowler
39.3
Nurse to Coulter Nile, 1 run, now Coulter Nile angles it away to the same region and there's a loud cheer as Universe Boos gets to the ball
39.2
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, angled across the right hander, dabbed away behind point for a single
39.1
Nurse to Coulter Nile, 1 run, from round the wicket Nurse pushes it through, nudged to square leg
38.6
A Russell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, short and at the body, Coulter Nile top-edges the pull but it lands well in front of fine leg. Russell is once again on his haunches and it might be the last ball he's bowled in this game. He's going off..
38.5
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, similar kind of delivery and this time Coulter Nile falls over, misses and is rapped on the pads
38.4
A Russell to Coulter Nile, SIX, brings up the 50-run partnership with the first six of the innings. Full and on the pads, Coulter Nile nonchalantly picks it over deep square leg and since it pinged off the middle, the ball travels the distance
38.3
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, bouncer around leg-stump, Coulter Nile pulls and the ball flies over his left shoulder
38.2
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, slow loopy delivery, Coulter Nile blocks it back to Russell
38.1
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, back of a length around off, dabbed to backward point
37.6
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, good length ball, Coulter Nile defends off the bat face and the ball rolls behind, Smith races across to the striker's end
37.6
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, wide, sprays it down leg and Coulter Nile can't meet with the glance, easy call
37.5
Cottrell to Smith, 1 run, short of length around off, Smith rides the bounce and tucks it to square leg
37.4
Cottrell to Smith, 2 runs, back of a length outside off, punched in front of square and the two fielders - point and cover - allow the ball to go past them, two more
37.3
Cottrell to Smith, no run, slanted in from short of length, Smith with his shuffle misses out on the pull shot
37.2
Cottrell to Smith, no run, back of a length around off, Smith is back and across to defend to cover
37.1
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Coulter Nile throws the bat and squirts an inside edge past his stumps
36.6
A Russell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, short and venomless, Coulter Nile swivels and helps it along the way to fine leg
36.5
A Russell to Coulter Nile, 2 runs, off-cutter and Coulter Nile wanted to hack it across the line, drags it off the inner half and the ball beats mid-wicket's dive to give Australia a double
36.4
A Russell to Coulter Nile, FOUR, "catch" shouted Russell put it was well away from the fielder. He rushes Coulter Nile with a short ball and the top-edge pull skies towards deep backward square, bounces once before beating the fielder
36.3
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, half hearted appeal for LBW. Umpire Ruchira Palliyaguruge was not convinced with that. Decks in from a length and catches Coulter Nile rooted to the crease, height was an issue and it was probably heading down leg as well
36.2
A Russell to Smith, 1 run, finger roller, Smith shuffles and nurdles it backward of square leg, wanted two but settles with one
36.1
A Russell to Smith, no run, short of length outside off, Smith rides the bounce and knocks it to mid-off
35.6
Cottrell to Smith, 1 run, full and slanting in, Smith wrists it to mid-on and sets off for a quick single
35.5
Cottrell to Smith, no run, short of length around off, Smith hops and drops it into the off-side
35.4
Cottrell to Smith, FOUR, fifty for Smith. A battling innings and the first on his return to the Australian side. His job is not done yet. He needs to carry on and convert this into a big one. Sees the width outside off and throws his bat outside off, the toe-edge runs away fine beating third man's attempt to stop it
35.3
Cottrell to Smith, no run, on a length outside off, Smith drives without any timing to cover
35.2
Cottrell to Smith, no run, oh! Back of a length down leg, Smith in an attempt to tickle it fine, gloves it on the bounce to Shai Hope
35.1
Cottrell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, low full toss around off, Coulter Nile digs it out behind point
34.6
A Russell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, Coulter Nile is growing in confidence and even Smith is now willing to let him have the strike. This good length delivery is inside edged onto the pad, the ball drops into the off-side and Smith calls him through for a quick single
34.5
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, spears it in the blockhole, jammed back out to Russell
34.4
A Russell to Coulter Nile, 2 runs, Coulter Nile is taking on the bowling. Another cutter and he is through the heave early, gets more height than distance as the ball plugs in the outfield near deep mid-wicket, just a brace
34.4
A Russell to Coulter Nile, wide, and again.. Too short and Coulter Nile just needed a half duck to evade that
34.4
A Russell to Coulter Nile, wide, bumper on the stumps, Coulter Nile ducks but the umpire reckons it is too high
34.3
A Russell to Coulter Nile, FOUR, this is turning out to be a handy contribution from Coulter Nile. Takes on the short ball and even though the top-edge is found, the ball flies away fine to the fence
34.2
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, slower short of length delivery, Coulter Nile is beaten by the lack of pace this time. He has a slash and fails to make contact, ball bounces on the way Shai Hope
34.1
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, fraction short outside off, Coulter Nile flashes and misses. He was undone by the lack of pounce
33.6
Thomas to Coulter Nile, 1 run, on the hips and Coulter Nile helps it along the way to fine leg
33.5
Thomas to Coulter Nile, FOUR, Thomas disappointed. He bowls a full ball on the pads and Coulter Nile flicks it in the air backward of square, Pooran instead of cutting the angle tries to get around, but the ball gets away from him and runs into the fence
33.4
Thomas to Coulter Nile, no run, fuller and outside off, Coulter Nile pushes it to mid-off
33.4
Thomas to Coulter Nile, wide, sprays it down leg, Coulter Nile stays inside the line to collect a wide
33.3
Thomas to Coulter Nile, 2 runs, short and angled in, Coulter Nile makes use of his height and pulls it over mid-wicket, plenty of vacant spaces in the deep and the pair scamper back for the second
33.2
Thomas to Coulter Nile, FOUR, squeezed for four. Thomas is trying to beat Coulter Nile with pace on the yorker, but the tall fast bowler gets his bat down and jams it straight down the ground, the outfield takes care of the rest
33.1
Thomas to Smith, 1 run, good length ball and Smith is caught in the crease, he is squared up and the leading edge rolls away behind point. The bat had come across to knock it into the leg-side and hence the edge
32.6
A Russell to Smith, 3 runs, wee bit of width offered and Smith is quick to capitalize, he hangs back and crunches the punch through extra cover, Pooran gives chase and pulls it in just before the rope. Smith keeps strike
32.5
A Russell to Smith, no run, short of length delivery that has Smith hopping in his crease, blocked back to Russell
32.4
A Russell to Smith, no run, bouncer on the stumps, Smith sinks down and lets the ball sail over him
32.3
A Russell to Smith, no run, pitched up and Smith mistimes the on-drive to mid-on. The weight was on the back foot expecting the short ball and hence the mistime. He knows as he throws his head back
32.2
A Russell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, fuller and Coulter Nile's feet move belatedly as he drives towards mid-off, Holder throws himself to his left and stops some runs, but can't keep NCN on strike
32.1
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, back of a length around off, punched towards point and there was a single which the duo missed
31.6
Thomas to Smith, no run, ouch! Smith rattled for the first time today. He looks at the surface did see if the ball hit a crack or something. Climbs from a back of a length and catches Smith by surprise, he does well to soften the impact and the ball goes to ground after hitting his bottom glove
31.5
Thomas to Coulter Nile, 1 run, good call from Smith. Coulter Nile is in all sorts of problems. The full delivery catches Coulter Nile glued to the crease, the inside edge on the pad saves him and Smith calls him through
31.4
Thomas to Coulter Nile, no run, bouncer on middle and leg, Coulter Nile ducks and allows it to sail over him
31.3
Thomas to Coulter Nile, no run, once more Coulter Nile is rushed by the short of length delivery, right at the body and he has nowhere to go, tries to fend it away and luckily for him the ball drops safely near silly mid-on
31.2
Thomas to Coulter Nile, no run, goes for the yorker and gets it spot on, Coulter Nile squeezes it into the off-side
31.1
Thomas to Coulter Nile, no run, full toss aimed for the stumps, Coulter Nile turns it to mid-wicket
30.6
A Russell to Coulter Nile, 1 run, in the air and safe. Coulter Nile is hurried by the short delivery and is in no position to play the pull, the top-edge balloons up and drops backward of square leg - right between the running keeper and mid-wicket
30.5
A Russell to Coulter Nile, no run, oh! Was that a misjudgement or a good leave? Coulter Nile will think the latter. Fuller than a good length and angling in, Coulter Nile doesn't cover his off-stump as he lets go, the ball misses the sticks by an inch or so
30.4
A Russell to Carey, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Edged and gone! Russell brought back and he strikes immediately. The partnership has been broken. Nothing but a gentle slanter outside off, Carey with feet stuck to the crease goes feeling for the ball, the outside edge is found and Shai Hope picks up his fourth catch. Russell was not on the field for some time and so he had to stay on before he could bowl, Holder went to him as soon as he completed that wkt (6-147) min (62m). Carey c Shai Hope b A Russell 45(55) [4s-7]
30.3
A Russell to Smith, 1 run, similar kind of delivery and Smith gets the back foot knock straighter, single through mid-on
30.2
A Russell to Smith, no run, back of a length around off, Smith blocks it into the leg-side
30.1
A Russell to Smith, no run, fuller and around off, Smith drives it straight down and Russell stops it in his followthrough
29.6
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, flatter and around off, Smith stabs it into the off-side and retains strike with a quick single
29.5
Nurse to Carey, 1 run, flighted on middle and leg, Carey eases it down to long-on
29.4
Nurse to Carey, no run, drag down and Carey pulls towards mid-wicket, Russell dives across to stop it
29.3
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, fraction short and Smith has missed out there, chops the cut square on the off-side. He is disappointed that he didn't connect better
29.2
Nurse to Smith, no run, closer to off-stumpm, Smith wrists it to the right of the bowler, Nurse dives and parries it to mid-wicket
29.1
Nurse to Smith, no run, drifted across off-stump, Smith prods forward and blocks
28.6
Brathwaite to Carey, 2 runs, this time Carey decides Brathwaite does not have the pace to trouble him with the short ball and hence takes him on, swivel and pulls backward of square, Nurse runs across from fine leg and puts in a dive to stop the boundary
28.5
Brathwaite to Carey, 2 runs, banged in halfway down, Carey ramps it fine and Cottrell manages to get across, two added
28.4
Brathwaite to Carey, no run, a gentle bouncer at 122kph, hardly bounces but Carey does not want to risk anything, he just ducks under it and the ball goes on the bounce to Shai Hope
28.3
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, even a delivery on off-stump Smith is able to pick off the pads with his shuffle, single to deep square leg
28.2
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, fuller and outside off, Smith drives without any timing to mid-off
28.1
Brathwaite to Carey, 1 run, starts from round the wicket, on a length outside off, patted away square on the off-side
27.6
Nurse to Carey, 1 run, flighted outside off, Carey presses forward and eases it to sweeper cover
27.5
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, slower on off and middle, Smith nudges it past mid-wicket, for a single
27.4
Nurse to Smith, no run, throws it much wider and Smith has to reach out, he bends down and drives to cover
27.3
Nurse to Carey, 1 run, full toss on middle and Carey is content with a knock down to long-on
27.2
Nurse to Carey, FOUR, he is growing in confidence. Tossed up on off-stump, Carey kneels and brings his bat down at the right time to play the reverse sweep, the connection was sweet and the ball raced away behind point
27.1
Nurse to Smith, 1 run, almost strikes with his first ball. Starts from round the wicket and gets it to drift across the right hander, Smith saw the flight and went for the booming drive, the inside edge whizzes past the stumps and is stopped by the big boot of Thomas near short fine
26.6
Holder to Carey, no run, short of length angled across outside off, Carey lifts his bat and lets it go
26.5
Holder to Carey, 2 runs, short and at the body, Carey gets into a tangle as he plays the glance off the glove to fine leg, two added
26.4
Holder to Carey, no run, full and outside off, Carey drives and finds cover, the ball is pinging off the middle
26.3
Holder to Carey, FOUR, shot! That was in the air but Carey had placed it perfectly. On a length outside off, Carey drives on the rise and even though it was uppish, he had creamed it through extra cover
26.2
Holder to Smith, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Smith drives it wide of mid-off, where the fielder had to tumble across to make the stop
26.1
Holder to Smith, no run, on a length outside off, Smith shuffles and blocks it dead into the off-side
25.6
Cottrell to Carey, no run, 138kph, back to the short ones. Carey is on a one-kneed sway out
25.5
Cottrell to Smith, 1 run, 139kph, a waited punch, opening up his bat as he guides it away to third man
25.4
Cottrell to Smith, no run, 129kph, short again. Smith ducks this time
25.3
Cottrell to Carey, 1 run, 134kph, sticks out an opened up bat face in front of his body in front of backward point .. and take him on easily
25.2
Cottrell to Carey, no run, 132kph. Short, Carey has his bat in some sort of a periscope as he ducks under
25.1
Cottrell to Smith, 1 run, 141kph, back of a length. Smith seemingly with all the time in the world waits behind it to knock it away behind square
24.6
Holder to Carey, no run, 127kph, plonks, covering out the line in blocking it away to point
24.5
Holder to Smith, 1 run, shuffle, tucking it away further into square leg. This is getting really easy here
24.4
Holder to Carey, 1 run, tummy-lined. Dropped softly in front of square, quick legs
24.3
Holder to Carey, no run, half a poke. No feet, sticking his bat out at a delivery angling across, all of it inside the line
24.2
Holder to Smith, 3 runs, full, tailing into the pads. Oh these are easy clippings, so what if it's the sucker ball to follow the bouncer, simply whipped into mid-wicket
24.1
Holder to Smith, FOUR, top-edged. And Cottrell at fine leg makes a real mess. So Smith can't resist pulling, so he goes hard at a short one, gets the miscue and Cottrell loses the ball, running in at a strange angle and then slipping as he aims to slide
23.6
Cottrell to Carey, FOUR, some swing, but in the quest of it dishes out a rank half volley in the slot. Carey milks the over further, with his third and perhaps the most calm boundary .. hammering it through mid-off
23.5
Cottrell to Smith, 1 run, short, angling in, swatted away round the corner
23.4
Cottrell to Carey, 1 run, lines up beside and pushes it out in front of cover
23.3
Cottrell to Carey, FOUR, more predictable stuff. Carey will continue throwing his hands out at them -- once agan cutting it easily over backward point .. he's cleared out his ugly ball-runs ratio so damn easily
23.2
Cottrell to Carey, FOUR, carved uppishly. Short, lots of width and Carey throws the kitchen sink at it - slapping with all his might, comfortably getting it into an empty third man
23.1
Cottrell to Carey, no run, tummy-lined. Softly dropped at his feet with a jump over it
22.6
Thomas to Carey, 1 run, 134kph, dabs it softly in front of backward point, and some quick legs to take him on successfully
22.5
Thomas to Carey, FOUR, too full. Carey only needs to clear out his front leg, free up his arms and then shovel it through the covers
22.4
Thomas to Carey, no run, sharp short. Carey drops his wrists, in a jumping sway out just in the avoiding-nick of time
22.3
Thomas to Carey, FOUR, oh cheeky. The attempted cramping back of a length line going across really close. But Carey gets himself in a perfect pose by swaying out of it and then ramping it over the man at slip
22.2
Thomas to Carey, no run, 142kph, perhaps hos first shot with some intent, crisply punching it to a diving cover
22.1
Thomas to Smith, 1 run, full on the stumps. Whipped away through square leg
21.6
Holder to Carey, no run, yup, maiden. 128kph of a back of a length on the body. Carey does the usual - riding the bounce and dropping them at his feet
21.5
Holder to Carey, no run, 130kph, continues hopping on top of the bounce, and needless to add, continues jabbing them down
21.4
Holder to Carey, no run, 129kph, keeps jumping, riding the bounce to keep it out - although off the splice - to point
21.3
Holder to Carey, no run, 131kph, on the jump inside the line to softly nudge it away
21.2
Holder to Carey, no run, 134kph, lines up on off, steering the fourth-stumper to point
21.1
Holder to Carey, no run, ribs. Carey HAS to play at these with the angle from round the wicket, and he'll defend them at his feet
20.6
Thomas to Carey, 1 run, carved uppishly. Reaches away from his body to push, but is undone by the ball stopping just a touch on the pitch -- safely over the leaping point
20.5
Thomas to Smith, 1 run, full, hoping to get him bowled round the legs. And then Smith with all his audacity can lift his back leg as he flicks it away behind square
20.4
Thomas to Smith, no run, 137kph, continues getting fully behind back of a length stuff. Closes his bat face then as he knocks his defence to leg
20.3
Thomas to Carey, 1 run, ramps hia bat in front of his body, dabbing it down to third man
20.2
Thomas to Carey, no run, 127kph, lines up beside, covring his stumps with dropped wrists as he leaves it alone
20.1
Thomas to Carey, no run, low full toss, sucking him into reaching out away from his body to drive. Carey does the first bit well - leaning close to the pitch of it, but can't power his stroke beyond cover
19.6
Holder to Smith, no run, bouncer. Really not all that high, but Smith will still duck really low
19.5
Holder to Carey, 1 run, 128kph, more on the ribs. Quite an ugly fend away to leg, but Carey'll take it, he's off the mark in his 15th ball
19.4
Holder to Carey, no run, fourth-stump, draws Carey into the cover-push
19.3
Holder to Carey, no run, 127kph, full, and there's some late movement off the pitch going away .. left alone well before that
19.2
Holder to Carey, no run, shorter, cramping up the room further. Carey will hop and bunt it down now
19.1
Holder to Carey, no run, 127kph, back of a length angler across. Carey stays beside, lets it get close as he dabs it away to point
18.6
Thomas to Smith, no run, back of a length on the body. Smith's already behind it in defence
18.6
Thomas to Smith, wide, bumped in. Too high, well down leg as well
18.5
Thomas to Smith, no run, sharp kick up, hurrying onto Smith's really awkward fend away, lobbing up off the gloves to square leg
18.5
Thomas to Smith, wide, fooled by Smith walk across in the hope that he would pull. But no, he leaves this down leg
18.4
Thomas to Smith, no run, walking across to punch it with the same momentum, mid-off
18.3
Thomas to Smith, no run, shuffles, neatly glancing it out to square leg
18.2
Thomas to Smith, no run, pitched fuller on off, Smith squeezes out a drive, Thomas's palm will cut it off
18.1
Thomas to Smith, no run, punched away on the up, crisply to mid-off
17.6
Brathwaite to Carey, no run, bat-pad close, lining up his defence next to it to keep it out to point
17.5
Brathwaite to Carey, no run, lifts up off the back of a length. Carey can continue shouldering arms to them
17.4
Brathwaite to Carey, no run, near chipped balloon. Carey tries to defend, but ends up with an inside-edge popping up off the front pad back down the pitch .. but it's too much for even the 6'8 Brathwaite to run in and take
17.3
Brathwaite to Carey, no run, 132kph, shuffling nudge, after the shuffle to knock it to leg. So, seven balls into his stay, Carey finally uses his bat
17.2
Brathwaite to Carey, no run, West Indies review an LBW. Brathwaite gets it to cut in big, Carey ends up playing down the wrong line - outside - and gets rapped on the front knee roll. Height? The impact? Anyway, the umpire won't budge, so Holder will hope the third umpire does. So there's no bat .. the impact's fine .. but, alas, it's going over the stumps to make them lose the review as well
17.1
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, full, sucker ball on middle. Smith quietly pushes it down the pitch, realizes the softness in it can allow him the quick single
16.6
Holder to Carey, no run, 135kph, decent carry. But all of it is outside off - Carey isn't bothered. A wicket-cum-maiden
16.5
Holder to Carey, no run, around fifth stump. Again, Carey needs it to be close to be tempted to use his bat
16.4
Holder to Carey, no run, 132kph, more of the across stuff. Carey continues lining up on off and shouldering arms
16.3
Holder to Carey, no run, shorter, continues angling them across and Carey's leave gets all the more extravagant
16.2
Holder to Carey, no run, 132kph, angling across. Carey covers off, leaving
16.1
Holder to Stoinis, out Caught by Pooran!! Now, now. When fate wants it to go wrong, even half-trackers will do your job. A real nothing ball this, asking to be heaved. Stoinis obliges, swivels, flat-bats powerfully, and times it well too. But picks out square leg perfectly, so much so that Pooran doesn't have to move a millimeter wkt (5-79) min (41m). Stoinis c Pooran b Holder 19(23) [4s-4]
15.6
Brathwaite to Smith, FOUR, and ruins the prospective maiden. Smith will arch back, line up neatly and then punch it will all poise through extra cover
15.5
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, a bit of spit up off a length, hitting Smith high on the bat in the attempted nudge around
15.4
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, 129kph, too short. Smith is not keen, not one bit
15.3
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, 129kph, back of a length, not a lot of room though. Smith wants to pinch one with a tap in front of point, so he'll go a cool few steps down, only to be sent back
15.2
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, length, on the stumps. Powerfully crunched back, straight to Carlos
15.1
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, cuts back in sharply off a length. Smith doesn't do himself any favours with his compulsive walk across the stumps, getting cramped up as he flicks all around it
14.6
Holder to Smith, 1 run, 131kph, too straight again. Nudged away, fine leg
14.5
Holder to Smith, no run, 141kph, bouncer, too high, too leg-sided and have a duck down from Smith will do. But, but, the square leg umpire's pretty forgiving
14.4
Holder to Smith, no run, 133kph, fifth stump. Smith's behind it already to block it down to mid-on.
14.3
Holder to Stoinis, 1 run, legs again. Turned away wristily behind square
14.2
Holder to Smith, 1 run, 142kph, another shuffle, helping the eventual line that's down leg to pull - although with more of the inside half - down to fine leg
14.1
Holder to Smith, no run, back of a length, outside off, Smith's jumping shuffling stab to point
13.6
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, 130kph, short, up on the shoulder. Pulled away round the corner
13.5
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, 127kph, bumper. Spotted early, ducking under early enough
13.5
Brathwaite to Smith, wide, asd27kph, tailing down leg, which Smith makes look worse with his shuffle fully across
13.4
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, more shoulder in this bouncer. Smith isn't getting in the way of it
13.3
Brathwaite to Stoinis, 1 run, short, angling into the ribs. Stoinis nudges it very, very softly just next to the pitch on the leg-side, with Smith stealing the quick one
13.2
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, 129kph, length, Smith's on another shuffle to tickle this down to fine leg
13.1
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, the typical shuffle, the typical back-footed defence and then the typical bat-pointing to his partner to refuse a single
12.6
Holder to Stoinis, no run, length, nipping back in on off. Stoinis stays beside, tapping it away somewhere into off
12.5
Holder to Stoinis, no run, back of a length just outside off, a poky-steer to point
12.4
Holder to Stoinis, FOUR, this one's more an overcook. Stoinis gets out his front leg, lays into the pitch of it in drilling it straight down the ground
12.3
Holder to Stoinis, FOUR, chipped straight drive, checks it as he leans onto his front foot and then holds his shape as the ball chips just next to the pitch and then sneaks under the diving mid-off
12.2
Holder to Stoinis, no run, 132kph, floated up full on off. Squeezed back down the pitch
12.1
Holder to Stoinis, no run, 132kph, length, middle-lined. Stoinis presses forward, head-on-ball keep out
11.6
Brathwaite to Smith, FOUR, a real nothing length .. back of a length, well outside off and Smith very politely punches it away through point
11.5
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, 131kph, bangs it short-er. Surely Smith's not going to go hooking, surely not at this stage
11.4
Brathwaite to Stoinis, 1 run, 126kph, more thigh-lines, and more of the soft glances to fine leg
11.3
Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run, 131kph, arches behind with some neat high elbows to punch it out to point
11.2
Brathwaite to Smith, 1 run, 127kph, tailing into the legs, nurdled, round the corner
11.1
Brathwaite to Smith, no run, 130kph, tummy-lined. Smith shuffles fully across, stays behind, straight-batting his defences
10.6
A Russell to Stoinis, no run, 138kph, another quick bumper. A jumpy-gloved drop down it is, right by his feet
10.5
A Russell to Stoinis, no run, 140kph, more back of a length in-jaggers. Stoinis isn't fiddling, swaying away further
10.4
A Russell to Stoinis, no run, 143kph, keeps up with the shortened lengths. Stoinis opens his back-footed defence, steering it out to point
10.3
A Russell to Stoinis, no run, hopping up again, this time riding the bounce in stabbing it away to point
10.3
A Russell to Stoinis, wide, asd40kph, bouncer. Stoinis is fully tall, hopping as he sways away
10.2
A Russell to Smith, 1 run, 137kph, big time shuffle, flicking the line from outside off to fine leg
10.1
A Russell to Smith, FOUR, 144kph but a rank high full toss. Smith stays his ground, merely punching it back through the line, and nobody bothers chasing this down the ground
9.6
Brathwaite to Stoinis, FOUR, a bouncer at 130kph is never threatening, and surely Brathwaite is no Cottrell to trouble. It sits up nicely around the shoulder, which Stoinis pulls convincingly with a swivel to deposit it well and truly behind square
9.5
Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run, middle-lined, turned away softly to mid-wicket
9.4
Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run, squared up with the bounce, climbing up awkwardly to get the outside of the splice to point
9.3
Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run, 130kph, length, fifth-stumped and then nipping back in off the pitch. Stoinis though will trust his leave
9.2
Brathwaite to Stoinis, FOUR, well, well, this must seem like a relief. Proper full toss and Stoinis goes full-faced, crunching it straight down
9.1
Brathwaite to Stoinis, no run, 128kph, nipping in on a good length on the stumps. Stoinis shuffles in knocking it to leg
8.6
A Russell to Smith, no run, on a good length and around off, Smith gets behind the line of the ball and pushes it to the off-side
8.6
A Russell to Smith, wide, bouncer flies over a half ducking Smith, called a wide for height
8.5
A Russell to Smith, no run, another delivery pounded on a short of length, it was on the hip height and Smith tucks it to the on-side
8.5
A Russell to Smith, wide, this bumper was down the leg-side, wide called. Russell doesn't look pleased with the call
8.4
A Russell to Smith, no run, on a short of length and on the body, Smith jumps in the crease and tucks it to the on-side
8.3
A Russell to Smith, no run, Russell banged this short of length down the leg-side, Smith leaves it alone
8.2
A Russell to Smith, no run, another lively bumper! Smith drops his head and leaves it alone
8.1
A Russell to Smith, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Smith tucks it to square leg
7.6
Cottrell to Stoinis, no run, peach from Cottrell! It was on a fuller length and in that corridor of uncertainty, Stoinis did well to play it inside the line of the ball and went past his outside edge
7.5
Cottrell to Stoinis, no run, on a short of length and on the stumps, Stoinis gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
7.4
Cottrell to Maxwell, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Oh dear! Oh dear! Maxwell succumbs to the short ball now and West Indies are flying high at the Bridge. It was a well-directed bumper on the face, Maxwell went after it. It clipped his top-edge and went miles up in air, Shai Hope came under it and took it with a glee on his face wkt (4-38) min (5m). The salute is back! Maxwell c Shai Hope b Cottrell 0(2)
7.3
Cottrell to Maxwell, no run, on a fuller length and wide of off, Maxwell defends it to backward point
7.2
Cottrell to Smith, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Smith steers it to third man
7.2
Cottrell to Smith, wide, short and down the leg-side, Smith leaves and umpire calls it a wide
7.1
Cottrell to Smith, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Smith works it to mid-wicket
6.6
A Russell to Khawaja, out Caught by Shai Hope!! That's the effect of short-pitch bowling. Windes have made Pakistan suffer using that and they are doing the same to Australia here. Khawaja clearly looked unsettled at the crease, he moved back in his crease to make some room. Russell threw it wide of off and Khawaja threw his bat at it in an ungainly fashion. It clipped his outside edge and Hope dived to his left and takes a magnificent catch wkt (3-36) min (26m). Khawaja c Shai Hope b A Russell 13(19) [4s-2]
6.5
A Russell to Khawaja, no run, another short of length and this is an even better one. Khawaja was onto the pull late and it hit him on the shoulder as he swivelled across
6.4
A Russell to Khawaja, 2 runs, first short delivery of his spell and it was a well-directed one. Khawaja gets on top of it nicely and pulled it to deep backward square leg for a brace
6.3
A Russell to Khawaja, no run, fuller and wide of off, Khawaja went for a drive away from the body. Fails to connect it and it beats his outside edge
6.2
A Russell to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Khawaja gets behind and defends it back
6.1
A Russell to Smith, 1 run, starts with a good length delivery, it was wide of off and Smith punches it wide of third man for a single
5.6
Cottrell to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Khawaja pushes it straight to cover
5.5
Cottrell to Khawaja, no run, on a short of length and wide of off, Khawaja gets behind that and defends it solidly to the off-side
5.4
Cottrell to Smith, 1 run, on a good length and just wide of off, Smith opened the face of the bat and steers it to third man for a single
5.3
Cottrell to Smith, no run, on a good length and around off, Smith defends it back to Cottrell
5.2
Cottrell to Smith, no run, on a back of a length and attacking the body, Smith jumps, gets in line of the ball and defends to the off-side
5.1
Cottrell to Smith, no run, blocked it back to the bowler
4.6
Thomas to Khawaja, FOUR, short and down the leg-side, Khawaja shuffled to the off-side and pulled it fine of fine leg for a boundary
4.5
Thomas to Khawaja, no run, short of length on the face, Khawaja goes for the pull and gets it off the toe-end, luckily it lands in front of the slip cordon
4.4
Thomas to Smith, 1 run, on a short of length and aimed on the body, Smith shuffles to the off-side and tucks it to the on-side. Cottrell in the deep got down quickly and jumped before throwing it. West Indies look pumped
4.3
Thomas to Khawaja, Byes, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Khawaja pokes at it away from the body. It misses his outside edge and Shai Hope fumbles it behind the stumps which allows an extra run to be taken
4.2
Thomas to Khawaja, no run, on a fuller length and angling away from Khawaja, he went for a drive through cover, it clipped the inside edge and went towards the on-side
4.1
Thomas to Khawaja, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Khawaja pushed it back to Thomas
3.6
Cottrell to Warner, out Caught by Hetmyer!! The signature Cottrell salute is back. And Warner departs for Australia, they are in real trouble now. It was on a back of a length and was wide of off, Warner reached for it in a clumsy fashion. And pushed at it tentatively, it hit him high on the bat and went straight into the hands of Hetmyer at backward point who takes it with utmost ease wkt (2-26) min (24m). Warner c Hetmyer b Cottrell 3(8)
3.6
Cottrell to Warner, wide, too short from Cottrell. It went over the head of Warner and will be called a wide
3.5
Cottrell to Khawaja, 1 run, on a fuller length and down the leg-side, Khawaja whips it fine leg for a single
3.4
Cottrell to Khawaja, no run, on a short of length and attacking the stumps, Khawaja hops in the crease, gets behind the ball and defends it back
3.3
Cottrell to Warner, 1 run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Warner clips it to fine leg for a single
3.2
Cottrell to Warner, no run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Warner plunges forward and defends it back
3.1
Cottrell to Khawaja, 1 run, on a back of a length and on the stumps, Khawaja moves to the off-side and tucks it wide of backward square leg for a single
2.6
Thomas to Khawaja, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Khawaja opened the face of the bat and steers it to third man
2.5
Thomas to Khawaja, no run, oh dear! That is a nose-breaker! It was pounded on a short of length, it came back in sharply off the deck, Khawaja failed to get away from the line of the ball and it struck him hard on the grill of the helmet. The physio is out in the middle to attend to him, he has a nervous smile on his face. He looks fine to go now! First hit him on the glove which took some sting off the ball
2.5
Thomas to Khawaja, wide, pounded in on a short of length, too short as it sailed over the keeper's head. Wide called!
2.4
Thomas to Khawaja, FOUR, just a push from Khawaja, nothing more than that. But West Indies have an ultra positive field and there was no one at mid-on so it will race to the fence
2.3
Thomas to Khawaja, no run, on a good length and just wide of off, Khawaja gets behind it and pushes it to the off-side
2.3
Thomas to Khawaja, wide, banged in short and down the leg-side, wide called
2.2
Thomas to Finch, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Wow! Whatta delivery! Thomas has the knack of producing some absolute beauties. And he has produced one to the Australian skipper now. It was on a good length and in that corridor of uncertainty, it moved away off the deck ever-so-slighly. It kissed the outside edge of Finch and settles into the gloves of Shai Hope. Thomas vindicates the trust that his skipper showed in him wkt (1-15) min (13m). Finch c Shai Hope b Thomas 6(10)
2.1
Thomas to Finch, no run, swing and a miss! It was on a fuller length and was wide of off, Finch swung hard at it but ended up missing it totally
1.6
Cottrell to Finch, 1 run, short and aiming on the body, Finch was hurried on the pull shot. He mistimed it wide of square leg for a single
1.5
Cottrell to Finch, no run, banged in on a short of length, it was marginally wide of off, Finch opened the face of the bat and guided it straight to backward point
1.4
Cottrell to Finch, 2 runs, full-toss wide of off, just below waist height, I reckon. Finch reaches for it and steers it wide of backward point for a brace
1.3
Cottrell to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, errs in line, it was down the leg-side. Warner got his bat down just a touch late, it missed his bat and clipped his pad
1.2
Cottrell to Warner, no run, on a back of a length and attacking the stumps, Warner gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
1.1
Cottrell to Finch, 1 run, fuller length delivery curving back into Finch, he flicks it uppishly to deep square leg for a single. The fielder there once thought about going for the catch but decided against it in the end. He collected it on one bounce
0.6
Thomas to Finch, 1 run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Finch gets behind it and taps it to cover. He will take a single and that ends the eventful first over
0.5
Thomas to Finch, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, it jumped off the deck. Finch went for the cut, ended up missing it
0.4
Thomas to Finch, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Finch lifts his bat and lets it go
0.3
Thomas to Warner, 1 run, in the air, mid-on drops it but it doesn't matter as it is a free hit. Warner will take a single. Brathwaite flew across to his left and got both hands, but the ball did not stick. He saved a few there
0.3
Thomas to Warner, no ball, now, he has overstepped. This is ordinary cricket from Thomas. Not the best move to give him the new ball. It was a fuller length delivery and it nipped back in, Warner got an inside edge and it clipped his pad then
0.2
Thomas to Finch, 1 run, very full and wide of off, Finch threw his bat at it. It came off the outside edge but ended up wide of backward point. Finch will take a single
0.1
Thomas to Warner, 1 run, much better from Thomas! On a back of a length and wide of off, Warner hops in the crease a touch and punches it to third man
0.1
Thomas to Warner, wide, 5 clumsy from Thomas! He got the line horribly wrong, it was way down the leg-side, Warner had no chance to put bat to it. Shai Hope failed to collect it down the leg-side, it clipped his hand and went to the boundary
Commentary
Gayle,Darren Bravo,A Russell,Nurse,Brathwaite,Holder,Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey
