44.4
Starc to Adil Rashid, out Caught by Stoinis!! That's the end of that. Australia seal their place in the semis. Full ball at the stumps from Starc, Rashid aims off-side again, only to slice it off the outside half. Can't clear extra cover where Stoinis's reverse-cup is waiting wkt (10-221) min (24m). Adil Rashid c Stoinis b Starc 25(20) [4s-3 6s-1]
44.3
Starc to Adil Rashid, no run, back of a length, probably a slower ball. Rashid misses with his attempted dab
44.2
Starc to Adil Rashid, FOUR, now he carves this through extra cover while moving towards the leg-side. Desperate dive in the deep to no avail
44.1
Starc to Adil Rashid, FOUR, top-edged over the keeper. Big grin on Starc's face. Banged it in short, Rashid swung hard on the pull and got lucky
43.6
Behrendorff to Mark Wood, no run, steered wide of backward point. They don't take the run
43.5
Behrendorff to Adil Rashid, leg byes, 1 run, slower ball on leg, deflects off Rashid's pad into the on-side. Behrendorff gets to it and tries a back-flick at the stumps, but is miles off target. Would've been touch and go with the run-out had he hit
43.4
Behrendorff to Mark Wood, 1 run, yorker length on off, slower ball, sliced wide of point
43.3
Behrendorff to Jofra Archer, out Caught by Warner!! Behrendorff comes into the team and has a five-for straightaway. Isn't he pleased! Claps his hands repeatedly before getting hold of the ball to flaunt it around. Slower ball in the slot around off, Archer's got nothing to achieve by hanging around so he gives it a tonk. Straight to long-off wkt (9-211) min (10m). Jofra Archer c Warner b Behrendorff 1(4)
43.2
Behrendorff to Jofra Archer, no run, length ball outside off, Archer swings and misses. The angle causing his undoing
43.1
Behrendorff to Adil Rashid, 1 run, back of a length around the waist, heaves it to deep midwicket
42.6
Starc to Adil Rashid, 1 run, slices this full toss through backward point
42.5
Starc to Adil Rashid, no run, full toss swinging away, beats Rashid on the outside edge
42.4
Starc to Jofra Archer, 1 run, covers all his stumps and steers this low full toss through point
42.3
Starc to Adil Rashid, 1 run, full ball straightening outside off, lays bat on it this time and carves it to sweeper cover
42.2
Starc to Adil Rashid, no run, and again! Not in the blockhole this time, was in the slot instead, but it curves away late. Rashid, stepping towards the leg-side makes his task doubly difficult as well
42.1
Starc to Adil Rashid, no run, yorker outside off, Rashid is a no-hoper, especially with the late away slant. Beaten!
41.6
Behrendorff to Jofra Archer, no run, beaten on the edge as this ball leaves him with the angle
41.5
Behrendorff to Adil Rashid, 1 run, back of a length across off, steered through point
41.4
Behrendorff to Adil Rashid, FOUR, slanting down leg, nicely picked up by Rashid as he whips it over the fielder at short fine leg
41.3
Behrendorff to Woakes, out Caught by Finch!! Maxwell's made this look like child's play but don't be fooled. This is a brilliant bit of work at the boundary. Woakes got hold of this slower ball quite well. Problem was, he was hitting towards the longest boundary across the diagonal. Maxwell tiptoes around at deep midwicket, takes the catch and before going over the ropes, tosses it to the converging Finch from long-on. Brilliant wkt (8-202) min (64m). Woakes c Finch b Behrendorff 26(34) [4s-2]
41.2
Behrendorff to Adil Rashid, 1 run, short of length on off, pats it through point
41.1
Behrendorff to Woakes, 1 run, slower dipping ball on off, overpitches, Woakes drives to long-off
40.6
Lyon to Adil Rashid, no run, blocked from the crease
40.5
Lyon to Woakes, 1 run, works this off the back foot into the on-side. 200 up on the board, serves to momentarily lift this Lord's crowd which is a bit shocked dare I say
40.4
Lyon to Adil Rashid, 1 run, pulls the length back, spins it into middle, Rashid tucks it through midwicket
40.3
Lyon to Adil Rashid, SIX, Rashid dances down, swings hard and clears long-on! That's probably taken Lyon by surprise. Excellent use of the feet, and perhaps an even better swing
40.2
Lyon to Adil Rashid, no run, flighted up on off stump, pushed to cover
40.1
Lyon to Woakes, 1 run, slightly short, turning in from outside off, Woakes cuts to sweeper cover
39.6
Behrendorff to Adil Rashid, no run, 129kph, length ball just outside off, tapped to backward point
39.5
Behrendorff to Woakes, 1 run, off-pace ball at 117kph, Woakes forces it to sweeper cover
39.4
Behrendorff to Adil Rashid, 1 run, wristy Rashid gets off the mark with a wristy shot. Full on leg, whipped away to deep square leg
39.3
Behrendorff to Moeen Ali, out Caught by Carey!! Edged and taken! Jason Behrendorff has his revenge. After conceding a boundary, Behrendorff is back to what he does the best - tight line and length. He pounded in a short of length around off, that might have moved away off the deck. Moeen Ali stayed leg-side of the ball and pushed with hard hands and got an outside edge. A simple catch for the man with the mitts wkt (7-189) min (14m). Moeen Ali c Carey b Behrendorff 6(9) [4s-1]
39.2
Behrendorff to Moeen Ali, FOUR, cutter from Behrendorff, Moeen Ali picks it and puts it away. He waits for the ball to come and lifts it over extra cover with ease. Used the width to good effect
39.1
Behrendorff to Woakes, 1 run, 128kph, fuller than a good length ball, push-driven to long-off
38.6
Starc to Moeen Ali, no run, a bouncer at 136kph, Moeen Ali half-ducks to evade that
38.5
Starc to Moeen Ali, no run, 148kph, low full toss, meant to be the yorker. Moeen Ali pushes it gently to mid-off
38.4
Starc to Moeen Ali, no run, another inswinger, yorker length, Moeen Ali brings his bat down on time to keep it out on the leg-side
38.3
Starc to Moeen Ali, no run, 142kph, full and tailing in, squeezed out to mid-on
38.2
Starc to Woakes, 1 run, 146kph, very full ball outside off, Woakes crouches and carves it away to deep backward point
38.1
Starc to Woakes, no run, 146kph, full ball from round the wicket, pushed towards cover
37.6
Pat Cummins to Woakes, leg byes, 1 run, pacy length ball, leg-lined, Woakes is late to close his bat-face. Brushes his thigh pad and rolls towards short fine
37.5
Pat Cummins to Moeen Ali, 1 run, 136kph, shortish ball, Moeen Ali hops to ride the bounce and turns it behind square leg
37.4
Pat Cummins to Woakes, 1 run, 140kph, rib-tickler, tucked to deep square leg
37.3
Pat Cummins to Moeen Ali, 1 run, 141kph, away-angler just outside off and Moeen Ali flays his bat at it. Manages only an inside edge to square leg and he gets off the mark in a streaky manner
37.2
Pat Cummins to Moeen Ali, no run, 140kph, pitched up delivery, push-driven to mid-off
37.1
Pat Cummins to Woakes, 1 run, width on offer on this short of length delivery, Woakes runs it down to third man
37.1
Pat Cummins to Woakes, wide, back of a length delivery slipping down leg, Woakes shuffles across and misses the glance
36.6
Starc to Stokes, out Bowled!! An absolute corker! Australia's spearhead has probably sealed the match here. Stokes's brave fight comes to an end. It needed something special to knock him over and Starc is more-than-special. The left-arm pacer slips in a 145kph inswinging yorker, that'd unsettle any batsman in the world. A well-set Stokes is late to bring his bat down and the ball cannons onto the off-stump. Stokes loses his bat, kicks it away in distraught before walking back to the dressing room wkt (6-177) min (14m). Stokes b Starc 89(115) [4s-8 6s-2]
36.5
Starc to Woakes, 1 run, 143kph, width dished outside off and that's been cut with authority in front of square on the off-side. However, there's protection in the deep
36.4
Starc to Woakes, no run, 150kph! Good length ball, Woakes stays leg-side of the ball and defends it on the off-side
36.3
Starc to Woakes, 2 runs, 148kph, full and angling away, Woakes throws his bat hard for a drive and gets a thick outside edge that goes to the left of backward point. The fielder takes pace off it with a dive and third man mops it up
36.2
Starc to Stokes, 1 run, 146kph, full ball and hint of tail in towards the left-hander. Stokes knocks it to the left of mid-on and the single brings up the 50-run stand
36.1
Starc to Stokes, no run, 143kph, pitched up delivery, driven back at the bowler and Starc mocks a throw at the batsman
35.6
Pat Cummins to Woakes, FOUR, Woakes wants to join the party! In-slanter at 139kph, the length is on the shorter side and Woakes picked that up early. The right-handed batsman gets into a good position on the back foot and pulls it away fiercely through the mid-wicket region. Expensive over - 13 off it!
35.5
Pat Cummins to Stokes, 1 run, 138kph, Stokes plays the one-legged Nataraja-pull shot. A single to deep square leg
35.4
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, shortened length, poked into the off-side
35.3
Pat Cummins to Stokes, FOUR, battered! Stokes is not giving up and he's decided to go after Cummins. Once again, he advances down the track and flays his bat hard at this length ball. It flew past a leaping extra cover fielder
35.2
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, away-angler that keeps low, fortunately for Stokes the line was wide of off. He poked his bat at it and got beaten on the outside edge
35.1
Pat Cummins to Stokes, FOUR, wow! Cummins is bowling at 140ks, but Stokes puts it away with disdain. The English all-rounder dances down the track and spanks it through point. No chance for the sweeper
34.6
Lyon to Woakes, no run, tad slower and wide of off, Woakes has his bat close to his pad as he pushes it defensively to short cover
34.5
Lyon to Woakes, no run, 92kph, flat in trajectory, push-driven towards extra cover
34.4
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, 90kph, shorter in length, cut past the fielder at cover
34.3
Lyon to Woakes, 1 run, turn and bounce for Lyon, Woakes makes the necessary adjustment and tucks it around the corner
34.2
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, turned to the left of mid-on
34.1
Lyon to Woakes, 1 run, Woakes comes on the front foot and inside-halves the glance to fine leg
33.6
Pat Cummins to Stokes, FOUR, past the diving fielder and it's the second boundary of the over. Banged in short by Cummins, Stokes stands tall and pulls hard. Went straighter than he wanted it to place, but still had enough legs to beat the man at mid-on who put in a desperate dive to his left
33.5
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, 138kph, fuller than a good length ball, Stokes wants to drive it on the rise. Doesn't quite middle it and the ball rolls to mid-on off the inner part of the bat
33.4
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, 137kph, back of a length delivery from round the wicket, solidly blocked back at the bowler
33.3
Pat Cummins to Woakes, 1 run, 139kph, Woakes uses the bowler's pace and width to steer it down to third man
33.2
Pat Cummins to Woakes, FOUR, beautiful stroke! Cummins slightly overpitches on middle and Woakes uses his wrists to good effect. Allows the ball to come to him and clips it past mid-on, beating the fielder to his right. Exquisite timing
33.1
Pat Cummins to Woakes, no run, 138kph, in-angling good length ball on off and middle, Woakes drops it in front of backward point with soft hands, can't steal a run
32.6
Lyon to Stokes, no run, Stokes unleashes the reverse sweep on seeing the line wide of off. Made decent contact, but for no run as the man at short third man made a diving stop to his right. Just two runs off the over
32.5
Lyon to Woakes, 1 run, forced to extra cover off the back foot and NCN fumbles, allows the batters to rotate strike
32.4
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, bunted through mid-on
32.3
Lyon to Stokes, no run, Lyon drags it short and gets away with it. Slapped hard off the back foot by Stokes, but an acrobatic Smith throws himself to his right at short cover to make a superb one-handed stop
32.2
Lyon to Stokes, no run, slower and Stokes shapes up to slog-sweep. Gets beaten by the grip and wears it on the arm
32.1
Lyon to Stokes, no run, bounce for Lyon from round the wicket, Stokes goes back and punches to cover
31.6
Stoinis to Woakes, no run, another off-pace ball - 112kph - fullish in length and Woakes pushes it into the cover region
31.5
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, 124kph, fuller than a good length ball, Stokes comes down the track and in the process moves leg-side to wrist it to the left of long-on
31.4
Stoinis to Woakes, 1 run, 127kph, pitched up delivery, flicked away to deep mid-wicket
31.3
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, slower ball bouncer, Stokes helps it on its way to fine leg with a gentle pull shot
31.2
Stoinis to Woakes, 1 run, 113kph, cuts in sharply and cramps Woakes for room. Woakes was looking to run it down to third man and only managed an inside edge onto his body that died down in front of the keeper. Carey attacked the ball and had a shy at the striker's end, but missed. Stokes would have been in
31.1
Stoinis to Woakes, no run, 119kph, length ball on middle, tucked to mid-wicket
30.6
Maxwell to Stokes, no run, three dots in a row! Another dart at 96kph marginally outside off, Stokes prods across and taps it out towards point
30.5
Maxwell to Stokes, no run, flat and quick, pushed back at the bowler
30.4
Maxwell to Stokes, no run, pushed through on middle, Stokes blocks
30.3
Maxwell to Stokes, SIX, slog-swept for another six. Slider on middle and leg, Stokes smacks it flat and the man at deep mid-wicket would have been interested for a moment. But, the placement was spot-on - well wide of the fielder in the deep
30.2
Maxwell to Stokes, no run, 92kph, quicker one, tapped to backward point
30.1
Maxwell to Stokes, SIX, a half-tracker and Stokes takes heavy toll of it. Stokes went deep in his crease and pummeled the pull into the deep square leg fence
29.6
Stoinis to Woakes, no run, attacks the stumps with a full delivery, Woakes eases it to mid-on
29.5
Stoinis to Woakes, no run, very full delivery that is close to the blockhole, squeezed out to cover
29.4
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, direct hit and Woakes was gone. Smith again. Stokes again. There was never a run as he turns it to mid-wicket, Woakes had to respond as Stokes was more than a halfway down, Smith takes aim and misses at the striker's end. Woakes was not even in the frame
29.3
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, off-speed delivery that is banged in, Stokes did not spot it at first but was quick to adjust, hops up and steers it to short third man, Woakes is not going to risk a single
29.2
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, loopy slower delivery around off, Stokes pushes it firmly back to Stoinis
29.1
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, shimmies down the wicket and punches the short of length delivery to cover
28.6
Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run, sliding on with the angle, Stokes nurdles it square on the leg-side, for a single
28.5
Maxwell to Woakes, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Woakes stays low and crunches it square on the off-side
28.4
Maxwell to Woakes, no run, now a bit of turn, Woakes prods forward with the bat away from his body and ekes out an inside edge onto the pad
28.3
Maxwell to Woakes, no run, drifts away outside off, Woakes is down on his back knee to play the drive, the ball doesn't spin in for him to connect and he's beaten on the outside edge
28.2
Maxwell to Woakes, no run, spins from outside off, Woakes turns it to mid-wicket
28.1
Maxwell to Stokes, 1 run, drifts in from round the wicket, Stokes pushes it past his partner and crosses over
27.6
Stoinis to Woakes, no run, good length ball close to off, Woakes is right behind the line to defend
27.5
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, slower short of length delivery, Stokes pulls it along the ground to deep square leg
27.4
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, slower delivery on off, Stokes defends with the head right on top of the ball
27.3
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, very full delivery close to yorker length, jammed back to Stoinis
27.2
Stoinis to Buttler, out Caught by Khawaja!! Superb catch by Khawaja. This is a huge wicket. Probably a game changer. Stoinis exults in joy. The plan to stick with him has worked for Australia and Finch. It was a nothing delivery, good length ball around off-stump, Buttler shuffles across and whips it with a crouched stance to deep backward square, Khawaja runs to his right around the boundary circumference, sticks both his hands out and plucks it out right in front of some Aussie supporters. The more important thing was maintaining balance and Khawaja was able to that wkt (5-124) min (60m). Buttler c Khawaja b Stoinis 25(27) [4s-2]
27.1
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, charges down and has to be content with a knock square on the off-side. The length and line did not allow him to free his arms
27.1
Stoinis to Stokes, wide, off-cutter sprayed down leg, Stokes is happy to let it pass and collect an extra
26.6
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, slider which drifts in with the angle, Stokes knocks it wide of cover after getting his front leg out of the way and Buttler is made to hurry by Smith, who swoops in and releases the ball quickly
26.5
Lyon to Buttler, 1 run, fraction short and Buttler is quick to go back, pulled to deep mid-wicket
26.4
Lyon to Buttler, no run, for the second time he has failed to connect with the paddle sweep, under-edges it onto the pad and the ball rolls into the leg-side
26.3
Lyon to Buttler, 2 runs, on the shorter side and bit of extra bounce as well, Buttler gets on top of it and cracks the cut square on the off-side, Cummins needed to put in a full length dive to save a boundary, which he does
26.2
Lyon to Buttler, no run, advances down the wicket and Lyon cleverly dragged the length back, Buttler uses his pad to keep it out
26.1
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, flatter delivery around off, Stokes punches it down to long-off. Still not moving swiftly
25.6
Stoinis to Buttler, FOUR, smashed! It was only a matter of time before Buttler layed into Stoinis' military medium. He walks down the wicket, converts it into a half volley and dismisses it straight past mid-on
25.5
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, banged in halfway down and Stoinis barely gets it to rise above the hip, Stokes adjusts well and pulls it to deep square leg
25.4
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, missed out there. On the pads and Stokes fails to meet it with the flick, the ball hits the pad and rolls back
25.3
Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run, back of a length outside off, punched away to sweeper cover
25.2
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, fifty for Stokes. He was left stranded in the previous game. Can he get England over the line today? No big celebrations. Just a raise of the bat to acknowledge the applause from his team and the crowd at Lord's. He gets a full delivery on the pads, flicks it away to deep backward square leg
25.1
Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run, short of length around off, Buttler wanted to force it through the off-side but gets a thick inside edge to deep square leg
24.6
Lyon to Stokes, no run, drifting in from a shortish length, Stokes tucks it straight to mid-wicket
24.5
Lyon to Stokes, no run, oh! Lyon has his hand up. Smith has his hands on his head. That was close. It was not short to play the cut but Stokes still went for it, too close and he's beaten on the outside edge. That was not far from the off-stump either
24.4
Lyon to Stokes, no run, shade quicker and attacking off-stump, blocked back down the wicket
24.3
Lyon to Stokes, no run, tosses it up outside off, Stokes plunges forward and pushes it back
24.2
Lyon to Stokes, no run, flatter and around off, Stokes stays back and punches it to cover
24.1
Lyon to Stokes, FOUR, what happened there? Stokes chipped the flighted delivery back over Lyon, Finch tried to cut the angle from mid-on but was beaten for pace and once that happened, his chase was never enough
23.6
Stoinis to Buttler, no run, steps out and yorks himself, Buttler looks to drive but the toe-end rolls back to Carey
23.5
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, again around the leg-stump line, picked away to deep square leg
23.4
Stoinis to Buttler, leg byes, 1 run, short of length close to off, Buttler is hurried on the pull and misses it, deflects off the thigh pad to short fine leg
23.3
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, full and on the pads, Stokes flicks it away to deep backward square
23.2
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, no pace on offer and Stokes cannot place his nudge in the gap, straight to mid-wicket
23.1
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, runs down the wicket and is met by a shortened length, steers it towards backward point where Lyon makes a fine stop
22.6
Lyon to Buttler, no run, Buttler has not looked assured against Lyon. He tries to fetch a paddle sweep from outside off, the ball does not turn for him to connect and sneaks past his under-edge
22.5
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, fraction short and Stokes uses the depth of the crease to crack it to sweeper cover
22.4
Lyon to Stokes, no run, more air and more fuller, Stokes prods forward and defends it back to Lyon
22.3
Lyon to Stokes, no run, flatter and around off, Stokes hangs back and knocks it to the off-side
22.2
Lyon to Stokes, FOUR, that is a super shot. A bit risky but Stokes made sure he got bat to that. Flighted on off-stump, Stokes kneels down and sweeps it powerfully to deep square leg. He was in-line with the stumps had he missed it
22.1
Lyon to Stokes, no run, fraction short in length, Stokes is on the back foot to block it
21.6
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, a low full toss, Stokes flicks it away to long-on
21.5
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, back of a length on middle and leg, Stokes is right behind the line to defend
21.4
Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run, walks down across to convert this into a full delivery, flicked through mid-wicket
21.3
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, run out missed. Buttler would have been a goner with a direct hit. Stokes turns it in front of mid-wicket and calls for a non-existent single, Buttler responds and Smith pounces on the ball, picks it up cleanly and under arms the throw while in the air, failed to hit the target and that allows Buttler and England to breathe easy. Stokes knew it was a close call
21.2
Stoinis to Buttler, leg byes, 1 run, that was not the best use of technology. Carey knew it and he was not too interested but Stoinis was. There was plenty going against that appeal. Buttler had walked down and across, so when he missed the tuck to the leg-side the impact was outside off and since he was down the wicket, giving it out was also difficult. Not sure what Stoinis was thinking when he went up in an appeal. Nonetheless, Australia have lost their review
21.1
Stoinis to Buttler, no run, slower good length ball and Buttler checks his block to cover
20.6
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, there was width and Stokes is livid that he couldn't get it past backward point
20.5
Pat Cummins to Buttler, 1 run, short and down leg, Buttler swivels and helps it along the way to fine leg
20.4
Pat Cummins to Stokes, 1 run, finger roller around off, Stokes drops it wide of cover and sets off for a quick single
20.3
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, cramps the southpaw for room wit a short of length delivery, tapped to mid-wicket
20.2
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, good length ball angled in, Stokes closes the bat face and knocks it to mid-wicket
20.1
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, back of a length outside off, Stokes bunts it into the off-side
19.6
Stoinis to Buttler, 2 runs, fuller and on the pads, Buttler clipped it wide of deep square leg and will collect a brace
19.5
Stoinis to Buttler, no run, very full and on the stumps, Buttler comes down and pushes it back to Stoinis
19.4
Stoinis to Stokes, 1 run, down the leg-side and Stokes clips it to the on-side
19.3
Stoinis to Stokes, FOUR, this is counter-attacking cricket at its best. England are under the pump but that won't stop Stokes from charging down. He dashes down again and larrups it over mid-on for a boundary
19.2
Stoinis to Stokes, no run, extra bounce for Stoinis on that delivery. Stokes wanted to steer it to third man, he was taken aback by how that delivery bounced and it went over his bat. Just a gentle appeal from Carey but he knew there was no edge involved
19.1
Stoinis to Buttler, 1 run, gentle delivery around the pads, Buttler stays put and tucks it to mid-wicket for a single
18.6
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Stokes flicked it straight to mid-on
18.5
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, on a good length and on the off-stump, Stokes wanted to block it back. It hits the outside half of the bat and ends up at backward point where Maxwell dives and stops it from going further
18.4
Pat Cummins to Stokes, FOUR, phew! Stokes has absolutely nailed that! He charged down the track, Pat Cummins saw that and he banged it in. Stokes was able to adjust and he smoked it wide of deep mid-wicket. It rocketed to the fence
18.3
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, on a good length and around off, Stokes uses his wrists to flick it to mid-wicket
18.2
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, this one came back into Stokes, he stays put in the crease and defends it to the off-side
18.1
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Stokes walks down and mistimes the punch to cover
17.6
Starc to Stokes, 1 run, another short of length delivery from Starc. He is overdoing it. Stokes was on the back foot and he pulled it wide of fine leg but Behrendorff there did a really good job and allows batsmen to only take a single
17.5
Starc to Stokes, no run, 151 kph targeting the stumps on a fuller length, Stokes gets his bat down early and punches it back to mid-on
17.4
Starc to Stokes, 2 runs, drifting onto the pads of Stokes, he likes it there. Just tucks it wide of fine leg and pushes Buttler to come back for a couple
17.3
Starc to Buttler, 1 run, short and on the body, extra bounce for Starc but Buttler controlled it well and pulled it away to the on-side
17.2
Starc to Stokes, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the pads, Stokes tucks it to deep square leg for a single
17.1
Starc to Stokes, 2 runs, this short of length delivery gets big on Stokes and he top-edges the pull shot. Was in the air but it landed well short of fine leg
16.6
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, it was fuller and was wider, Stokes knocks it to long-off
16.5
Lyon to Stokes, no run, this one came back in with the arm. It skidded off the deck too, Stokes stays put and blocked it back
16.4
Lyon to Stokes, 2 runs, touch short and wide of off, Stokes rocks back and punches it wide of cover for a double
16.3
Lyon to Stokes, no run, blocked it back
16.2
Lyon to Buttler, Byes, 1 run, beauty! Provides lot of revs on this delivery and it spins back into Buttler who was taken aback by the turn on that. It beat the inside edge and deflected away off Carey's gloves
16.1
Lyon to Stokes, 3 runs, offie down the leg-side, Stokes clips it off the pads. The boundary there at fine leg is huge and they will come back for three
15.6
Starc to Buttler, 2 runs, attempted yorker, gets his line just a touch wrong as it was wide of off. Buttler went for the drive again, it clipped his toe-end and went fine of third man where Behrendorff dives and stops it from reaching the fence
15.5
Starc to Stokes, 1 run, Starc bangs this one short, Stokes was hurried on the pull shot and he mistimed it to fine leg
15.4
Starc to Stokes, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Stokes takes a semi-stride forward and defends it back
15.3
Starc to Stokes, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Stokes stays put and defends it back
15.2
Starc to Buttler, 1 run, went for the drive again, this time it came off the outside edge and it ended up at third man. It was in the air for a while but was wide of backward point
15.1
Starc to Buttler, FOUR, Starc dishes out a half-volley and Buttler even at 57/4 won't miss out on this. He plunges forward and drives it with a lot of flair, it beats cover and races to the fence
14.6
Lyon to Buttler, 1 run, offie spinning into Buttler, he goes back and punches it to deep cover
14.5
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, not a lot of turn on this delivery, Stokes goes back and tucks it to deep mid-wicket
14.4
Lyon to Stokes, no run, goes right back in the crease and defends it
14.3
Lyon to Stokes, no run, dead straight bat back to the bowler
14.2
Lyon to Buttler, 1 run, went for a fancy cover drive, inside half of the bat takes it to the on-side
14.1
Lyon to Buttler, no run, flighted and spinning back into Buttler, he blocked it back with a straight bat
13.6
Behrendorff to Buttler, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Buttler steers it to third man and collects a single
13.5
Behrendorff to Bairstow, out Caught by Pat Cummins!! The extra over for Behrendorff has done the trick. Excellent captaincy from Finch and a horrible shot selection from Bairstow. It was short and there was width, Bairstow went for a pull shot. It clipped him high on the bat and he ended up dragging the pull shot. It went up high in the air and went straight into the hands of Cummins at deep mid-wicket. This is a huge moment in the game as Bairstow was looking good. Ricky Ponting knows this and he celebrates it like a teenager on the balcony. Gee! There are emotions involved in this match wkt (4-53) min (68m). Bairstow c Pat Cummins b Behrendorff 27(39) [4s-5]
13.4
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, good leave! In that channel wide of off, that Test match line. Bairstow prods forward and leaves it alone like a Five-day game
13.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and shaping back into Bairstow, he stays put and blocks it back with a straight bat
13.2
Behrendorff to Stokes, 1 run, Stokes tucks it to the on-side
13.1
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, in the air and just short of diving Warner at cover! It was on a length and was on the pads, Stokes wanted to work it to the on-side. He gets squared up by the late movement, it clips the leading edge and luckily for Stokes it lands inches in front of Warner
12.6
Lyon to Bairstow, no run, this one spins back into Bairstow who goes on the back foot and tucks it straight to square leg
12.5
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, goes back and taps it wide of cover
12.4
Lyon to Stokes, no run, went for a reverse sweep, there is a slip in place and Stokes hits it straight to him
12.3
Lyon to Bairstow, 1 run, knocks it down the ground for a single
12.2
Lyon to Stokes, 1 run, sharp bounce for Lyon. Stokes fails to control the extra bounce and it hits him high on the bat as he went for a punch. It was in the air for a fair bit but lands wide of point in no man's land
12.1
Lyon to Stokes, 2 runs, offie spinning away from Stokes, he goes back and punches it wide of cover for a brace
11.6
Pat Cummins to Stokes, 1 run, Pat Cummins bangs this one in, Stokes likes it short, it was on his face and he pulls it wide of fine leg for a single
11.5
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, this one was wide of off and Stokes decides to leave it alone
11.4
Pat Cummins to Stokes, 2 runs, similar shot attempted, gets bat on this one though. Found that gap wide of backward point too and will come back for a brace
11.3
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, on a good length and angling away from Stokes, he went for a cut. Was late on the shot and it misses his outside edge
11.2
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Stokes stays put in the crease and defends it back with a straight bat
11.1
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, 1 run, back of a length delivery coming back into Bairstow, he tucks it to the on-side and rotates strike
10.6
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, fuller and around off, Stokes blocked back with a straight bat
10.5
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, that charge again from Stokes, Behrendorff bowls it on the stumps this time. And Stokes had no room to free his arms
10.4
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, he was late in getting his bat down, it clipped the inside half of the bat and came back to hit the pads
10.3
Behrendorff to Stokes, FOUR, he was 0 off 11 balls before that delivery and he said enough is enough! Charges with a lot of intent and flays into the drive. He times it pretty well and it rockets to the fence
10.2
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, on a short of length and it jumped off the deck, Stokes made himself big, got behind it and blocked it back
10.1
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, tentative from Stokes! It was on a good length and was wide of off, Stokes wanted to leave it alone but was late in doing so. It clipped the toe-end of the bat ended up at keeper
9.6
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, fraction fuller and at the stumps, Bairstow presents the full face of the bat as he drives it to mid-on
9.5
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, flicked straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
9.4
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, FOUR, lovely, too full and too straight from Cummins, on Bairstow's pads and it's flicked in front of square on the on-side - brought his wrists into play there, Bairstow
9.3
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, fraction fuller and in that channel outside off, Bairstow stays behind the ball and defends it with soft hands
9.2
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, Cummins shortens his length around middle, turned to the on-side
9.1
Pat Cummins to Bairstow, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Bairstow gets right behind the line and blocks
8.6
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, extra bounce from a length, Stokes did well to take his bottom hand off as he defended
8.5
Behrendorff to Stokes, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, defended to the off-side
8.4
Behrendorff to Bairstow, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, hacked away without any timing towards mid-wicket
8.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, FOUR, lovely, Bairstow must feel much better now, on a length and well wide of off, Bairstow rides the bounce and crunches it wide of extra-cover, no need to run for those
8.2
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, that's loose from Bairstow, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, Bairstow went for an ambitious drive and is well beaten on the inside edge, didn't carry through to the keeper either
8.1
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, short of a good length and angling across the right-hander, Bairstow hops across and squirts an inside edge to the on-side
7.6
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, not the length to be pulled, Stokes tries exactly that and is beaten
7.5
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, this is excellent bowling from Cummins, pitched up and kept going with the angle, Stokes was coming down the track on the defensive push and is beaten on the outside edge
7.4
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, tad fuller and shaping away from outside off, Stokes watches it all along and lets it go
7.3
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, Cummins shortens his length outside off, Stokes gets behind the line and defends it to the off-side
7.2
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, back of a length and at the stumps, Stokes prods across and defends it to the on-side
7.1
Pat Cummins to Stokes, no run, short of a length and angling across the left-hander, left alone
6.6
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Bairstow gets half-forward and the inside edge rolls towards square leg
6.5
Behrendorff to Bairstow, FOUR, just over Finch at mid-off, he was well inside the ring, else, would have been a simple catch - had he been at the edge. A nothing shot from Bairstow - surely not the shot to play with your team on the brink, went for an ambitious drive to a well pitched up delivery, high off the bat and just over the leaping left-hand of the Australian captain
6.4
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, Behrendorff shortens his length around middle, defended off the back-foot and towards the bowler
6.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, tad fuller and in that channel around off, Bairstow gets half-forward and squirts it towards cover-point
6.2
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, Behrendorff keeps it full and at the stumps - giving every chance for the ball to swing, Bairstow plays with a straight bat and drives it back at the bowler
6.1
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Bairstow gets a big stride forward on the drive, off the inner half towards mid-on
5.6
Starc to Stokes, no run, fuller length delivery and well outside off, Stokes leans into the defensive push and finds the fielder at cover-point
5.5
Starc to Morgan, out Caught by Pat Cummins!! Top-edge and caught! England are unravelling against pace at Lord's. Banged in short and kept climbing onto the left-hander, Morgan was hurried for pace and cramped for room, still went ahead with the pull, gets a fat top-edge and the ball landed safely in the hands of a sliding Cummins at long leg. He went reverse cup and held on. Australia are lording over at Lord's, England are looking very shaky now wkt (3-26) min (13m). Morgan c Pat Cummins b Starc 4(7) [4s-1]
5.4
Starc to Bairstow, 1 run, very full and at the stumps, the attempted inswinger from Starc, Bairstow works it to the right of Warner at mid-on for a single
5.3
Starc to Bairstow, no run, Starc shortens his length and gets it to hold its line outside off, left alone
5.2
Starc to Bairstow, FOUR, beautifully played, width on offer and Bairstow lets his hands do the job, leans across, gets a good stride forward and finds the gap wide of cover
5.1
Starc to Bairstow, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Bairstow prods half-forward and defends it to the on-side
4.6
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Morgan covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
4.5
Behrendorff to Morgan, FOUR, aggression from Morgan, shimmies down the track, gets to the ball on the half-volley and drills it back past the bowler - can the English skipper lead the counter-punch?
4.4
Behrendorff to Morgan, no run, full and wide of off, Morgan's feet didn't go anywhere, went with his hands and gets an inside edge to the off-side
4.4
Behrendorff to Morgan, wide, Behrendorff slides this one down the leg-side, called as a wide
4.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, leg byes, 1 run, the inswinger from Behrendorff, but the line is wrong and he swings it onto Bairstow's pads, beaten on the flick and the ball rolls away behind square on the on-side for a leg-bye
4.2
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, tad fuller and in that channel around off, Bairstow was pressing forward defensively, gets an inside edge that rolls close to the leg-stump
4.1
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, left alone
3.6
Starc to Morgan, no run, a wicket-maiden from Starc, shortens his length and angles it onto Morgan's pads, he was done in for pace as he looked to flick and missed
3.5
Starc to Morgan, no run, this is superb stuff from Starc - but this is very lazy from Morgan, once again - the feet went nowhere to one that shaped away, all the three stumps were visible as he wafted and missed. Coming to the ball, it was pitched around off and shaped away with the angle
3.4
Starc to Morgan, no run, short of a length and on Morgan's hips, he prods across and defends it to the on-side
3.3
Starc to Root, out Lbw!! Root has been given OUT LBW and he's walking. This looked close and umpire Ravi has no doubts - neither does Root as he walks away disconsolate. This was full and swung back into the right-hander, once again, like Vince - Root didn't get across to cover for the movement, shaped to play an extravagant drive, the bat came across the front-pad and once he missed it, it was always going to be curtains. Struck low and bang in front of middle, would have been crashing into the middle of middle - as plumb as it gets. England find themselves in a spot of bother wkt (2-15) min (16m). Root lbw b Starc 8(9) [4s-2]
3.2
Starc to Root, no run, Starc is getting his line and rhythm right now, keeps it full and in that channel outside off, Root is drawn into the drive and gets an inside edge onto the pads
3.1
Starc to Root, no run, nicely bowled by Starc, fuller length delivery and a hint of nip back into the right-hander, drew Root into an expansive drive and beat him on the inside edge
2.6
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, short of a length and on Bairstow's pads, he was looking to tuck it towards the on-side and missed, off the thigh-pad and rolled to the on-side
2.5
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Bairstow leans well forward and defends it to the off-side
2.4
Behrendorff to Bairstow, FOUR, cracking shot, length ball on Bairstow's pads, he waits on it and then brings his drive into play, finds the gap wide of mid-on and the ball rolls away across the fast outfield
2.3
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, Behrendorff shortens his length around off, Bairstow swivelled across on the pull and missed, off his thigh and the ball rolled to the slip region
2.2
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, short of a length and just outside off, Bairstow plays with soft hands and defends it to the off-side
2.1
Behrendorff to Bairstow, no run, Behrendorff shortens his length and gets it to shape away from off, Bairstow was caught in two minds, makes a late call to poke at it and is beaten on the outside edge
1.6
Starc to Root, no run, fuller length delivery and shaping away from outside off, left alone
1.5
Starc to Root, FOUR, wrong line from Starc, swing on offer, but he swings this one onto Root's pads, a neat little glance and Root gets it away fine for a boundary
1.4
Starc to Bairstow, 1 run, full and wide of off, looking to lure Bairstow into the drive, he can't resist and went hard on the drive, the thick edge flies past the two slips
1.3
Starc to Bairstow, 2 runs, nicely played, on a good length and well wide of off, Bairstow leans into the drive and finds the gap to the left of cover-point - Two men, Stoinis and Maxwell give chase, keeps them down to a couple
1.2
Starc to Bairstow, no run, tad too full and well wide of off, Bairstow doesn't need to play at those, left alone
1.1
Starc to Bairstow, no run, that's a good leave from Bairstow, short of a good length and a hint of shape back into the right-hander, Bairstow has his stumps covered as he let it go by
0.6
Behrendorff to Root, FOUR, short, wide and four, width on offer and Root is off the mark in style - stays back and cuts it late, was in the air for a long time but it's well out of reach of a flying Maxwell at backward point
0.5
Behrendorff to Root, no run, fraction fuller and shaping away from outside off, Root watches it all along and lets it go
0.4
Behrendorff to Root, no run, back of a length and well wide of off, Root stands tall and punches it to the right of cover-point where Maxwell makes a tumbling stop
0.3
Behrendorff to Root, no run, this one goes the other way, on a good length and slanting across the right-hander, Root covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.2
Behrendorff to James Vince, out Bowled!! Cleaned up! What a start for Australia and Behrendorff - a corker and Vince is out for a duck. Unplayable stuff - could Vince have played better though? Perhaps, playing with a straight bat could have given him a chance - sheer magic from Behrendorff, full and swinging in late, Vince's head was all over the place as he looked to flick and missed, smashed into the middle-stump and England have lost an early wicket wkt (1-0) min (2m). James Vince b Behrendorff 0(2)
0.1
Behrendorff to James Vince, no run, fuller length delivery at the stumps, Vince presents the full face of the bat and finds mid-on with the drive
Commentary
Mark Wood,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Jofra Archer,James Vince
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Jason Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Nathon Lyon
