49.6
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, SIX, butchers it over square leg for a maximum. Typical MSD finish here. 16 off the final over and India will be happy with this total. It was short at the body, Ms Dhoni goes back and muscles it hard to dismiss it into the stands
49.5
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and wide of off, Ms Dhoni creams it to sweeper cover
49.4
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, fifty for Ms Dhoni. "He's had to work for it but has found a little bit of acceleration of late," says Ian Bishop on air. Waves his bat and the Indian fans go wild in the stands. Shuffles across in his crease and slots it ferociously towards long-on. Hetmyer moved to his left and put in an acrobatic dive but it eluded him to zoom away to the fence
49.3
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length, angling in at the body and Ms Dhoni swats it to deep square leg, refuses to take the single and rightly so
49.2
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, no run, excellent riposte. Nails the yorker, at the base of middle. Ms Dhoni, who was making room can only squeeze it back to the bowler
49.1
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, SIX, clubbed into the deep mid-wicket stands. Much-needed hit for India. Poor bowling from Thomas, especially at this stage of the innings. Lenght ball is a big no-no to Ms Dhoni and Thomas learns it why. Ms Dhoni flexes his muscles and picked the bones out of it
48.6
Cottrell to Kuldeep Yadav, no run, follows Kuldeep, who was backing away with a toe-crusher. Flicked away to fine leg and Ms Dhoni doesn't take the single
48.5
Cottrell to Shami, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Was there a glove? Yes. Shami walks and Cottrell picks up his second wicket. Went short but it was down leg. Shami swivels across and tries to help it past the keeper. But gets rushed by the pace and ended up gloving it to the keeper. Wonderful stuff from the pacer, West Indies are pulling it back superbly here  wkt (7-252) min (4m). Shami c Shai Hope b Cottrell 0(2)
48.4
Cottrell to Shami, no run, oh, this is a brutal delivery from Cottrell. Another pacy length delivery that kicks up and hurries onto Shami, who was stranded in his crease. Jabs at it, didn't expect it to rear up sharply and gets hit high on the bat
48.3
Cottrell to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, pacy short delivery, Ms Dhoni pulls it to mid-wicket
48.3
Cottrell to Ms Dhoni, wide, overdoes it now. Hurls it outside the tramlines and has to rebowl it
48.2
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Fabian Allen!! There's the salute from Cottrell. He's bowled really well today. Pandya's stay at the crease comes to an end. It was a slower delivery floated up outside off, Pandya went too hard at that and lifts it straight down the throat of Allen at sweeper cover. Virat Virat Kohli covers his mouth in disbelief in the dressing room  wkt (6-250) min (48m). Hardik Pandya c Fabian Allen b Cottrell 46(38) [4s-5]
48.1
Cottrell to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, wristed to mid-wicket and that will be 250 for India
47.6
Thomas to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, priceless boundary for India. Fierce strike from Pandya. Flails his hands at this and fillets it through extra cover. It sped off the bat in a jiffy and the fielder at extra cover had no chance
47.5
Thomas to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, pitched up, outside off and Pandya chips it over extra cover. Didn't go full-throttle and the bat face turned in his hands which meant it was a bit of a miscue
47.4
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, Thomas puts down a tough chance off his own bowling. Full marks to the effort but unfortunately, it didn't stick. Back of a length delivery that stops and forces Ms Dhoni to check the shot. Gets it high on the bat and lobs it back. Thomas bends in his followthrough and stretches his right hand only for the ball to pop out of his hand
47.3
Thomas to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, steers it to point
47.2
Thomas to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, Pandya launches a top-edge into the sky but it falls in no-man's land behind short fine leg. Clearly missed out as it was a low full toss at the leg-stump and Hardik Pandya sort of completed his swing early. It was in the air for a long time but luckily for the batsman, it didn't find the fielder
47.1
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, cramps Ms Dhoni with this short ball which was aimed at the armpit. Ms Dhoni swivels and drags it off the glove to short fine leg
46.6
Cottrell to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, sprays the low full toss outside off, Ms Dhoni opens his bat face and slices it to sweeper cover
46.5
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, very full, tailing into the right-hander. Strong bottom-handed drive to long-on
46.4
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, shortens his length and keeps it outside off, slashed to the right of sweeper cover and Allen with a sliding stop, althought can't prevent the second
46.3
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, lofted over mid-off. Cross-seamer, on a fuller length and Pandya gets deep in his crease to get under it and sends it over the in-field. It nearly came off the toe-end but enough power to clear the fielder
46.2
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, no run, doesn't give any width to Pandya, who tries to backaway and ends up punching it to mid-off
46.1
Cottrell to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, 137kph, ushers in a short ball at the body. Ms Dhoni pulls it to deep square leg
45.6
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, almost a yorker, swerving in and Ms Dhoni takes it on the full to clip it to mid-wicket and keeps the strike
45.5
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, cutter from Brathwaite, takes all the pace off this length delivery. Ms Dhoni works it in the acres of gap at mid-wicket and rushes back for the second
45.4
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, dug in short, Pandya hammers the pull along the ground to deep mid-wicket
45.3
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, goes wide of off, push-driven through cover
45.2
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, finally, he's opened up. "It's his first boundary in 16 overs", informs Sourav Ganguly on air. Tells you the kind of struggle.. anyway, this was right in the arc outside off, Ms Dhoni stretches forward a bit and flat-bats it powerfully over mid-off. Those long levers I tell you..
45.1
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, whippage from Pandya towards deep mid-wicket. Thought about the second and took a couple of steps but MS wasn't interested
44.6
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, another slower one, Pandya waits in the crease and pats it towards mid-off
44.5
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, wild throw at the bowler's end and they sneak the second run as well. Was a slower ball that was bunted in front of mid-off and they sneaked a sharp run. Nobody was backing up for the throw and that meant a bonus run for India
44.4
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, no run, slash and a miss! The length wasn't quite there for the cut and on this sort of a pitch, it's not easy to manufacture a stroke. Pandya tries to cut it hard from the crease but makes no contact
44.3
Cottrell to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, skiddy from back of a length, Ms Dhoni swivels to pull it away to deep square leg
44.2
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, fuller and wider outside off, Pandya fetches it and jams it towards cover
44.1
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, no run, Pandya wanted the single but is sent back by Ms Dhoni. Worked this fuller ball in front of short fine leg and searched for the run. Might have been a tight one
43.6
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, very full and wide outside off, Ms Dhoni reaches out and places the drive square through the off-side. An easy brace, especially with Gayle out there in the deep
43.5
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, very full and outside off, Pandya squeezes it out through the covers and the initial call was for two but they'll have to be contend with just a single
43.4
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slower and wider outside off, Ms Dhoni drives with hard hands but gets a thick edge that nearly carries to short third man. Cottrell over there dived and landed a big gingerly
43.3
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, uppish but falls safe! Another one that held onto the pitch with bounce as Pandya tried to work it away on the leg-side. The leading edge lobbed up for a while before falling safe at sweeper cover
43.2
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, much needed boundary for India. It's been a while coming. Slower and short from Brathwaite, Pandya sat deep and flat-batted it past the bowler with a lot of power. Long-on couldn't get across to it in time. With mid-off up, this was a sensible shot
43.1
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, low full toss and Ms Dhoni was on the move to drive this, gets a thick inside edge in front of short fine leg. They pinch a single
42.6
Cottrell to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, dug in short on leg stump, Ms Dhoni walks across and controls the pull down to fine leg
42.5
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, very full and outside off, dug out towards the mid-off fielder. Pandya eggs Ms Dhoni to get through for the single
42.4
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, no run, on a length outside off, Pandya wants to cut once again and this time, chops it to point
42.3
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, no run, kicks up a bit from a good length, surprises Pandya totally and he is forced to check his cut shot. Correction, has to abort his cut shot
42.2
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, shortish and on the pads, Pandya walks across and tucks it through backward square leg. Larger part of the ground and a slow Oshane coming from fine leg ensures a smooth brace
42.1
Cottrell to Hardik Pandya, no run, fuller and outside off, Pandya jams out the drive towards mid-off
41.6
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, back of a length on middle and off, Pandya walks across and pulls it hard to deep square leg
41.6
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, wide, Brathwaite isn't pleased with this wide call. Marginal one I reckon. Slower bouncer on middle and leg, Pandya tries to swat it away with a pull stroke but misses as this slips slightly down leg
41.6
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, wide, loses his radar and Pandya ends up spilling this down the leg-side
41.5
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, terrific placement! There is a deep square leg and a deep mid-wicket, Pandya places this shovel-pull right between those two. The fact that this didn't rise as much as he expected also makes the shot commendable. Skidded through from a shorter length and Pandya was ready for the pull
41.4
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shortish and on middle and leg, worked off the back foot into the gap at mid-wicket
41.3
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, 3 runs, low full toss on the pads and Pandya clips it away wide of short fine leg. On most grounds, this was a boundary but it's a longer part of the ground and Ambris gets across from deep square leg somehow. Uses his football skills to save a run
41.2
Brathwaite to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, quite full and angling in on middle, wristed away down to long-on
41.1
Brathwaite to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, angling in on off, Pandya gets across and punches it down to long-on
40.6
Holder to Ms Dhoni, no run, short of a length and this skids a bit as Ms Dhoni goes for the pull. Sneaks beneath the blade en route to Shai Hope
40.5
Holder to Ms Dhoni, no run, angling into Ms Dhoni who defends with a shuffle across the stumps
40.4
Holder to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, shortish again and this time Pandya swivels inside the line to control the pull down to fine leg
40.3
Holder to Hardik Pandya, no run, shortish and Pandya wanted to pull this away but it held onto the pitch and took a cue-end of the blade
40.2
Holder to Hardik Pandya, no run, shortish and on off stump, blocked off the back foot to mid-wicket
40.1
Holder to Hardik Pandya, no run, straight-rammed into the non-striker's stumps! Was too full and angling into Pandya who timed this straight drive with a lot of power but got it a bit too straight
39.6
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, loopy on a good length, Ms Dhoni sits back and punches but finds cover
39.5
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, tossed up around off, Ms Dhoni lunges into the forward defence to cover
39.4
Fabian Allen to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, quicker and fuller on leg stump, driven away down to long-on
39.3
Fabian Allen to Hardik Pandya, no run, mix up but safe! Pandya was well down the track but Ms Dhoni was never interested. In the end, the former gets back in the nick of time. Was patted towards cover and there was a single to be honest, if they had run instantly
39.2
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slower and shorter this time, crashed away off the back foot to deep point
39.1
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, flatter and no room at all, punched off the back foot to mid-wicket
38.6
Holder to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, cracking pull from Pandya and Oshane at fine leg messes the sliding stop to parry it past the ropes. Was a short of a length ball that Pandya climbed onto. Cracks the pull through backward square leg
38.5
Holder to Hardik Pandya, no run, fuller and outside off, Pandya leans forward and drives to mid-off where there is a fumble. Pandya spots it and wants a single but Ms Dhoni isn't interested
38.4
Holder to Hardik Pandya, no run, fuller and straighter as well, defended off the front foot to mid-on
38.3
Holder to Hardik Pandya, no run, fuller and angling into Pandya who defends off the inside half to mid-wicket
38.2
Holder to Virat Kohli, out Caught by (sub)Darren Bravo!! Virat Kohli is in disbelief! Fourth successive fifty that he hasn't been able to convert into a big score. More than getting out, it's the manner of dismissal that must be frustrating for him. Was a short of a length ball which stuck onto the pitch as Virat Kohli went for the swivel-pull. Not in control of it and ends up spooning a dolly to mid-wicket. The West Indies cannot believe their luck at all, this is such a bonus breakthrough with Virat Kohli having looked so assured at the crease. West Indies tightening the screws  wkt (5-180) min (146m). Virat Kohli c (sub)Darren Bravo b Holder 72(82) [4s-8]
38.1
Holder to Virat Kohli, FOUR, sensational stroke! Fuller one angling in around off, Virat Kohli just wrists it ever so sweetly wide of mid-on. Timing and placement, double check
37.6
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, no room on this slider and Ms Dhoni cuts it off the back foot to point
37.5
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, wanted to work across the line, Ms Dhoni, but is cramped on the crease and adjusts with a defensive push
37.4
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, drifting in from around off, Virat Kohli stays leg-side of the ball and strokes it down to long-off
37.3
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, drops it short and outside off, cut away off the back foot to sweeper cover
37.2
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, slower and fuller on off stump, defended firmly back to Allen
37.1
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, flatter and fuller on off, Ms Dhoni gets across with a shuffle and smothers it
36.6
Holder to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, Virat Kohli wanted the second run sensing Gayle closing in on the ball but Ms Dhoni declines it. Was a good length ball angling into MS who got a faint inside edge towards square leg
36.5
Holder to Ms Dhoni, no run, hits the deck and keeps it outside off, punched off the back foot to cover
36.4
Holder to Ms Dhoni, no run, fine stop at point, not a clean one but it's parried towads cover. Ms Dhoni wanted the single, Virat Kohli wisely sent his senior partner back. Was a shortish length ball that was helped towards the off-side
36.3
Holder to Virat Kohli, 1 run, pitched up outside off and Virat Kohli drives sweetly to the left of mid-off where Brathwaite makes a tumbling stop
36.2
Holder to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Ms Dhoni stands tall and punches through the gap at cover
36.1
Holder to Ms Dhoni, no run, short of a length around off stump, Ms Dhoni stays in the crease and defends to short cover
35.6
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, quicker one on leg stump, Ms Dhoni stays back and flicks it away to deep square leg
35.5
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, drifting into Ms Dhoni who gets a big stride and defends towards cover
35.4
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, sliding in from a good length, Ms Dhoni makes room on the back foot and punches to cover
35.3
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and slower this time, defended off the front foot to short cover
35.2
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, Allen errs on the shorter side again and this time Ms Dhoni gets the back foot cut away through point with a fair amount of power. Nurse at sweeper gets across and makes a terrific stop, saves a couple of runs
35.1
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, fumble at backward point and these two pick up the second run as well. Was the flatter one around off, Ms Dhoni lunged into the open-faced poke that wasn't cut off by the fielder in the ring
34.6
Roach to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, the traditional Virat Kohli cover drive, without which his big knocks are incomplete. Leans into the stroke really well on this fuller ball and strokes it sweetly through the gap at extra cover
34.5
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, Roach continues to plug away on those probing lines around the off stump, fuller and angling into Virat Kohli who keeps it out with a solid defence
34.4
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, shortish and climbs a bit onto Virat Kohli who fends it softly towards point. Once again, he is keen on the single that's not there, sent back
34.3
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, wants the single but Ms Dhoni sends him back and rightly so. Was the fuller ball that was dabbed softly towards cover
34.2
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, fuller and closer to off stump, Virat Kohli presses forward and defends
34.1
Roach to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, fuller and straighter in line, flicked away behind square leg and they race back for the second
33.6
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter and outside off, Virat Kohli hangs back and punches it down to long-off
33.5
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, FOUR, Virat Kohli is starting to up a gear now. Senses the opportunity to score off Allen and that's what he does. Gets a half-tracker with a bit of width, VK sits back and cuts it late behind point. Much-needed boundary for India
33.4
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slightly short and Ms Dhoni makes room to crash it away to sweeper cover
33.3
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flatter and straighter as well, punched off the back foot down to long-on
33.2
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, fuller and outside off, pushed gently into the on-side
33.1
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, Byes, 1 run, what on earth was this?? Stumping missed and how!! Shai Hope had two cracks at this with Ms Dhoni way, way down the pitch and the latter had given up totally. The chance still goes down and the batsmen get a bye eventually. The LED stumps had lightened up but that had nothing to do with a stumping attempt. Totally bizarre! Ms Dhoni gave the charge early, like in the previous game, and missed it totally as this whizzed past the outside edge. Should have been a regulation stumping but it wasn't to be
32.6
Roach to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, quite full and slanting in on middle and leg, dug out to the right of mid-on for an easy single
32.5
Roach to Ms Dhoni, no run, on the move goes Ms Dhoni with a shuffle to keep this in-angler from Roach. Blocked firmly
32.4
Roach to Ms Dhoni, no run, hits the deck and angles it into Ms Dhoni who is on the move, worked softly off the back foot to mid-on
32.3
Roach to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Ms Dhoni shuffles a bit to wrist it away but isn't in control. Gets it to mid-on
32.2
Roach to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length, cramping up Ms Dhoni who stays back and tucks it to short mid-wicket
32.1
Roach to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortish and sprayed into the pads, glanced away down to fine leg
31.6
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and sliding into Ms Dhoni who leans onto the forward defence
31.5
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fractionally short again, Virat Kohli makes room and powers it to sweeper cover
31.4
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, flatter and outside off, Virat Kohli makes room to cut but chops it to extra cover
31.3
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, slower and closer to off, a bit of bounce on this and Virat Kohli dabs it to point with caution
31.2
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, Allen isn't finding the right length, another drag-down and is fortunate that Virat Kohli's back foot punch found extra cover
31.1
Fabian Allen to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, drops it a bit short and Ms Dhoni sits back to punch it away to sweeper cover
30.6
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, on a good length with no room at all and Virat Kohli hangs back to defend softly into the off-side. Wants the single but with short cover on the prowl, no chance
30.5
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, fuller and around off stump, Virat Kohli holds his shape and finds mid-off with the drive
30.4
Roach to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, looked quite iffy, Ms Dhoni, as he played this one from middle and leg. The ball bounced just a bit as he tried to flick it away and caught the inside edge down to fine leg
30.3
Roach to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and closer to off stump, Ms Dhoni is solid in defence off the front foot
30.2
Roach to Virat Kohli, 1 run, off the edge but well wide of Shai Hope! There isn't anyone in the cordon and it dribbles away down to third man. Might have perhaps been a chance for second slip if there was one. Roach continues to trouble these right-handers with those deliveries that straighten after a sharp inward angle. Virat Kohli is forced to play at it and gets squared up a bit
30.1
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, pitches it up, angling into Virat Kohli who checks his drive to short cover
29.6
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, no run, hits the deck hard again, this time outside off, left alone
29.6
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, wide, tries the bouncer but it's well down the leg-side, Ms Dhoni lets it pass
29.5
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, slapped away! Some width on offer and shortish as well, Ms Dhoni just stood tall and crashed it away past the point fielder. Got on top of the bounce nicely and more importantly, found the gap on the punch
29.4
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and outside off, Ms Dhoni stabs it with hard hands towards cover
29.3
Thomas to Virat Kohli, 1 run, slightly erratic once again, on leg stump and it's worked away down to fine leg
29.2
Thomas to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, strays onto the pads and Ms Dhoni shuffles a tad to clip it down towards fine leg
29.1
Thomas to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length angling into the pads, tucked away towards deep square leg
28.6
Roach to Ms Dhoni, no run, shortish and bounces a bit extra as Ms Dhoni looks to defend from the crease. Hits the splice
28.5
Roach to Kedar Jadhav, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Brilliant review! West Indies were confident from the outset and went for the review despite Kettleborough's initial denial. Was a inward angling delivery that straightened just a tad, as most Roach deliveries do, Jadhav just felt for it with no footwork at all and the ball just nibbled away ever so slightly with a bit of bounce as well. Looked really dicey in real time and UltraEdge confirms a slight spike that's enough to reverse the on-field call. West Indies are clawing back into the game in some style  wkt (4-140) min (13m). Kedar Jadhav c Shai Hope b Roach 7(10) [4s-1]
28.4
Roach to Kedar Jadhav, FOUR, crunchy pull! For a little man, Jadhav packs quite a punch when he connects them properly. Saw this fractionally too short and jumped into it with a pummelling pull to the deep mid-wicket fence
28.3
Roach to Kedar Jadhav, no run, quite full this time, cramping Jadhav who wanted to work it on the leg-side, ekes out a soft leading edge to cover
28.2
Roach to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortish and skiddy from Roach with the angle in from wide of the crease, Virat Kohli rocks back quickly and pulls through mid-wicket
28.1
Roach to Virat Kohli, no run, lovely shot! Just couldn't find the gap. Was full and angling into Virat Kohli who stroked the straight drive ever so sweetly
27.6
Thomas to Kedar Jadhav, 2 runs, short and wide of off, Kedar rides the bounce and cracks it behind square on the off-side, was running away towards the boundary until Nurse's sprawling dive, saved a couple of runs for his team
27.5
Thomas to Kedar Jadhav, no run, Thomas shortens his length outside off, Kedar rides with the bounce and drops it to the on-side
27.4
Thomas to Kedar Jadhav, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, left alone
27.3
Thomas to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fifty for Virat Kohli, his 4th WC fifty in a row, on a good length and well outside off, eased into the gap wide of cover for a single
27.2
Thomas to Virat Kohli, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, defended to the off-side
27.1
Thomas to Virat Kohli, FOUR, uppish and four, this was full and this was wide of off, Virat Kohli strode forward on the drive and think he checked his shot at the last moment, popped up in the air and split the gap between cover and mid-off
26.6
Roach to Virat Kohli, 1 run, too full and on Virat Kohli's pads, clipped behind square on the on-side for a single
26.5
Roach to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, fuller length delivery at the stumps, worked to the right of mid-on and Kedar is off the mark with a single
26.4
Roach to Kedar Jadhav, no run, on a good length and well outside off, Kedar presses well forward and blocks
26.3
Roach to Kedar Jadhav, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Kedar leans well forward and defends it solidly
26.2
Roach to Kedar Jadhav, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Kedar prods across and pushes it to the on-side
26.1
Roach to Shankar, out Caught by Shai Hope!! Edged and caught! Beautifully bowled and the Indian middle-order has been opened up now, pitched up and it kept coming with the angle, lured Shankar into pushing at that - the ball straightened at the last moment, caught Shankar's edge and Shai Hope completes the catch, moving across to his right. Couldn't have done anything better here, Shankar, but the perennial questions about India's number four will be asked once again  wkt (3-126) min (26m). Shankar c Shai Hope b Roach 14(19) [4s-3]
25.6
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, on a good length and well wide of off, Virat Kohli leans into the drive and places it wide of cover, comes back for an easy second run
25.5
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length and at the stumps, Virat Kohli was looking to nudge it to the on-side and missed, off the thigh-pad and rolled back at the bowler
25.4
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, FOUR, easy pickings for Virat Kohli, short and at Virat Kohli's body, doesn't rise as much as Cottrell expected - Virat Kohli swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it very fine for a boundary
25.3
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Virat Kohli drops it in front of point and wants a single, sent back by his partner
25.2
Cottrell to Shankar, 1 run, back of a length and on Shankar's hips, tucked down towards long leg for a single
25.1
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Virat Kohli swivels across and pulls it to deep mid-wicket for a single
24.6
Holder to Shankar, FOUR, beautifully played, too full and too straight from Holder, Shankar gets across and the brings his wrists into play, the on-drive is timed superbly and this time it beats the diving Brathwaite at mid-on
24.5
Holder to Shankar, no run, Holder keeps it full and well outside off, driven straight to the fielder at mid-off
24.4
Holder to Virat Kohli, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Virat Kohli gets close to the ball and then unfurls the wristy on-drive, to the right of mid-on where Brathwaite makes a tumbling stop. Brings up 20000 international runs for Virat Kohli, that's quite a lot
24.3
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, a juicy full-toss and Virat Kohli has missed out, whips it straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
24.2
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, half-an appeal for LBW, but the inside edge saved the Indian captain, was caught on the move as he looked to flick, gets an inside edge and the ball thudded into his pads
24.1
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, Virat Kohli prods across and defends it to the off-side
23.6
Cottrell to Shankar, no run, back of a length and at the stumps, defended back at the bowler
23.5
Cottrell to Shankar, no run, back of a length and at the stumps, Shankar stays back and turns it to mid-wicket
23.4
Cottrell to Shankar, no run, short of a good length and well wide of off, Shankar stands tall and pushes it to cover-point
23.3
Cottrell to Shankar, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Shankar stands tall and punches it to mid-off
23.2
Cottrell to Shankar, no run, tad fuller and at the stumps, defended back at the bowler
23.1
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
22.6
Holder to Shankar, FOUR, Shankar gets away with a boundary, but that will spur Holder, short and angling into his ribs, Shankar got inside the line on the tuck, but was late in doing so - brushed the inner half of the bat and looped wide of the keeper
22.5
Holder to Shankar, no run, pitched up and in that channel outside off, defended with soft hands towards cover
22.4
Holder to Shankar, no run, tad fuller and around the leg-stump line, Shankar gets behind the ball and pushes it to the on-side
22.3
Holder to Shankar, no run, back of a length and angling into the right-hander, Shankar was looking to run it down towards third man, gets an inside edge onto his body
22.2
Holder to Shankar, no run, Holder shorten shis length outside off, Shankar prods across and pushes it back at the bowler
22.1
Holder to Shankar, FOUR, lovely, that should get Shankar going - friendly half-volley outside off, he leans into the drive and caresses it to the left of mid-off. Oshane Thomas sticks his boot out and missed, first boundary for Shankar - courtesy that clumsy effort
21.6
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Virat Kohli prods across and defends it to the off-side
21.5
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, FOUR, top-edge and four, excellent short delivery from Cottrell, banged in short and kept rising onto the Indian captain - he was late on the pull and the top-edge went fine, the fielder in the deep is square though, one bounce and over the ropes
21.4
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, no run, a sharp bouncer from Cottrell, Virat Kohli drops his wrists and sways away from the line
21.3
Cottrell to Shankar, 1 run, back of a length and on Shankar's hips, tucked past square leg and the single brings up India's 100
21.2
Cottrell to Shankar, no run, short of a good length and in that channel outside off, Shankar hops across and pushes it to backward point
21.1
Cottrell to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, Virat Kohli rides the bounce and cuts it to deep cover for a single
20.6
Holder to Shankar, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Shankar leans forward and defends it to the off-side
20.5
Holder to Shankar, no run, that's a lovely delivery, short and kept climbing onto the right-hander, Shankar watches it all along, lifts his bat and lets it go
20.4
Holder to Kl Rahul, out Bowled!! Holder strikes and Kl Rahul misses out on half-scentury - Excellent delivery, pitched up and shaped back into the right-hander, Kl Rahul was tentative as he pushed forward, feet didn't move across to the line of the ball, the bat-pad gap was found, the ball clipped the front-pad and went back to rattle the off-stump. The partnership has been broken, a start once again for KL, but he can't convert it into a big knock  wkt (2-98) min (91m). Kl Rahul b Holder 48(64) [4s-6]
20.3
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, short and wide of off, Kl Rahul waits on it and cuts it to the left of backward point - was scurrying away before Allen's left hands got to intercept it, saved a boundary there
20.2
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length and angling into the right-hander, Kl Rahul hops back on the tuck, but can't beat Pooran at mid-wicket
20.1
Holder to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on a good length and well outside off, driven in front of cover for a single
19.6
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, FOUR, cheeky and four, nicely done by Kl Rahul, spotted the quicker ball, shuffled across, bent down low, used the pace on the ball and then lapped it fine, runs away to the ropes in a hurry
19.5
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, slower and wider of off, Virat Kohli pushes it into the gap wide of cover for a single
19.4
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, flighted delivery outside off, Virat Kohli leans forward and was a tad too early on the push, a leading edge and the ball rolls to the bowler
19.3
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tad too short from Allen, Kl Rahul rocks back and gently pulls it past square leg for a single
19.2
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, loud applause at OT as Gayle makes a sliding stop - he acknowledges the crowd by waving both his hands, dropped short and wide of off, Virat Kohli cut it late and to the left of backward point, would have been a boundary had it not been for the dive
19.1
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Kl Rahul comes down the track to a well flighted delivery and eases it wide of cover for a single
18.6
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, back of a length and climbing onto the right-hander, Virat Kohli rid the bounce and pushes it towards backward point
18.5
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, short of a good length and well wide of off, punched off the back-foot and to the right of cover-point
18.4
Holder to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, excellent running from Virat Kohli, tucks a length ball on his body and gets it behind square on the on-side, the call was always for the second run and Virat Kohli was home with ease
18.3
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, length delivery at the stumps, Virat Kohli lets the ball come and then clips it to mid-wicket
18.2
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, on a good length and angling across the right-hander, Virat Kohli presses across and drops it in front of cover, wants a single and is sent back
18.1
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, extra bounce from a length - Holder has been brilliant in this spell so far, Virat Kohli was walking down the track and can't adjust to the extra bounce, fended at it and the ball rolled to the off-side, off the thick top-edge
17.6
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, very full from Allen, not a lot of turn on offer for Allen, lets Virat Kohli drive against the spin and down to long-on for a single
17.5
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, 1 run, pushed through flatter and quicker of off, cracked square on the off-side for a single
17.4
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, tossed up around off, Virat Kohli gets well forward and drives it back past the bowler for a single
17.3
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, Allen tosses one well outside off, Virat Kohli gets well forward and places the drive wide of cover, back for the second run
17.2
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, 1 run, good use of the feet, comes down the track, does Kl Rahul, gets close to the ball and drives it to long-on for a single
17.1
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, FOUR, cracking shot, fraction too short and wide of off, KL is quick to spot the length, rocks back and beats backward point with the cut
16.6
Holder to Kl Rahul, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Kl Rahul swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it down to deep square leg
16.5
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, Kl Rahul prods across and defends it towards cover-point
16.4
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, left alone
16.3
Holder to Kl Rahul, FOUR, lovely, Holder concedes his first runs and it's a stylish boundary from KL - too full and well outside off, Kl Rahul leans across, brings his wrists into play and plays a lovely on-drive, back past his captain and well wide of the diving Brathwaite at mid-on
16.2
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, Holder keeps it full and in that corridor outside off, Kl Rahul isn't tempted at playing those, left alone
16.1
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, short of a good length and in that channel outside off, Kl Rahul stays besides the line and pushes it to the off-side
15.6
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, Allen drifts one well outside off, Virat Kohli presses forward and blocks
15.5
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, pushed through outside off, defended off the back-foot
15.4
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, 1 run, a little shimmy from Kl Rahul, gets close to the ball and eases it down to long-off
15.3
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, FOUR, streaky and four, tossed up wide of off, Kl Rahul saw the width and went hard on the drive, squirted off the outer half and rolled away past Gayle at slip - was all along the carpet though
15.2
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, no run, nicely tossed up outside off, pushed back at the bowler
15.1
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, no run, flighted on the leg-stump line, Kl Rahul prods forward and blocks
14.6
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, back-to-back maiden overs from Holder, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Virat Kohli was lunging across on the defensive push, gets an inside edge back at the bowler
14.5
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Virat Kohli gets a good stride forward, lifts his bat and lets it go
14.4
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Virat Kohli was leaning forward on the on-drive, played with a slightly closed face and the leading edge rolled to mid-off
14.3
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, Holder keeps it full and wide of off, Virat Kohli gets a good stride across and pushes it to cover-point
14.2
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Virat Kohli gets a good stride forward as he defends
14.1
Holder to Virat Kohli, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Virat Kohli leans into the drive and finds cover
13.6
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, too full on this occasion, firmly driven to long-off
13.5
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, non-turner on the pads, turned behind square leg for a brace
13.4
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, 1 run, more air on this delivery, Kl Rahul stays leg-side of the ball and drills it past the short extra cover fielder. Bottom hand power
13.3
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, no run, tossed up ball, pushed to the left of the bowler
13.2
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, touch short and that's been jabbed to short mid-wicket. Holder misfields - allows it to go through him. Sloppy
13.1
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, flighted delivery, full and on the stumps, Virat Kohli gets forward to stonewall
12.6
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, full and outside off, left alone
12.5
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, guided to backward point
12.4
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, big shout for lbw, turned down. Holder has a word with the keeper and decides not to go upstairs. In-nipper and a shuffling Kl Rahul is beaten on the inside edge. A big gap between pad and bat too. He was struck marginally outside off (umpire's call on ball-tracking). Hawkeye showed it to be going over the off-stump
12.3
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, 130kph, very full ball, Kl Rahul drives it straight to mid-off
12.2
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, 130kph, full length delivery, knocked to mid-on
12.1
Holder to Kl Rahul, no run, 130kph, hoops in ... does this low full toss, Kl Rahul slightly falls over as he wrists it to mid-on
11.6
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, FOUR, quicker delivery at 96kph, probably too close to be cutting. Virat Kohli went deep in his crease to scythe it away through backward point and got a big outside edge that eluded first slip and raced away to the third man fence
11.5
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, stump-to-stump line, played back at the bowler
11.4
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Kl Rahul moves across towards off and bunts to long-on
11.3
Fabian Allen to Kl Rahul, no run, 85kph, short of length delivery, patted to cover
11.2
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, 1 run, low full toss, Virat Kohli uses his bottom hand power to drill it past the non-striker. A mini-collision between Allen and Kl Rahul, but that doesn't stop the batters from taking the single
11.1
Fabian Allen to Virat Kohli, no run, flat ball on the sticks, punched back to the bowler
10.6
Thomas to Kl Rahul, no run, a mix-up, but Virat Kohli is safe! Kl Rahul hops and drops this back of a length delivery at 143kph to the left of cover-point. The single wasn't on, but Virat Kohli had set off. A loud 'no' and a fumble by Allen helped Virat Kohli's cause
10.5
Thomas to Kl Rahul, FOUR, classy shot! An overpitched delivery at 143kph, Kl Rahul comes forward, bends his back leg and creams the drive through the gap between mid-off and extra cover. Everything right about that shot
10.4
Thomas to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 139kph, short of length delivery outside off, steered to third man
10.3
Thomas to Virat Kohli, FOUR, up and over cover! Shortish, but too wide at 143kph. Virat Kohli uses the pace and width to his advantage. He has enough time to hang back and elevate it over cover
10.2
Thomas to Virat Kohli, no run, 140kph, pitched up delivery, knocked to mid-off
10.1
Thomas to Virat Kohli, no run, 143kph, back of a length delivery, Virat Kohli miscues the cross-batted shot to cover-point
9.6
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 133kph, good length delivery, Kl Rahul stays in his crease and keeps it out towards backward point with a defensive stroke
9.5
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, shortened length, turned to mid-wicket
9.4
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, blunts a length ball to mid-on
9.3
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, hangs back in his crease and belatedly dabs at a back of a length delivery
9.2
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, a good stride forward followed by a neat push-drive, straight to cover
9.1
Roach to Virat Kohli, 3 runs, there are two men inside the 30-yard in the mid-wicket region, but Virat Kohli manages to find the gap. Very full ball and the Indian captain whips it away in front of square for a triple
8.6
Thomas to Kl Rahul, no run, shortish and well outside off, Kl Rahul lets it be
8.5
Thomas to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, 138kph, back of a length delivery, Kl Rahul doesn't quite ride the bounce and opens his bat-face to awkwardly run it past the diving second slip fielder. Cottrell runs across to his left from third man, puts in a full-length dive and saves a couple of runs. Top effort from the big man
8.4
Thomas to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, uppish, but safe! Kl Rahul plays an uppish clip to a 144kph short of length delivery. Was in the air for a while, but Pooran was in front of square leg. He dived to his right, no dice
8.3
Thomas to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, strays on the pads, flicked away to long leg
8.2
Thomas to Kl Rahul, no run, 143kph, fuller and closer to off, pushed towards mid-off
8.1
Thomas to Kl Rahul, no run, 141kph, short of a good length ball around the fifth stump channel, Kl Rahul covers his sticks and shoulders arms
7.6
Roach to Kl Rahul, 3 runs, 133kph, sightly too full and Kl Rahul caresses the drive to the right of mid-off. Holder runs back from mid-off and showcases his football skills to stop it reaching the fence. Not sure, if it's a sane move here. Could injure badly. No harm done now and the skipper managed to save a run
7.5
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, full again, kept out on the off-side
7.4
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, good length delivery, blunted into the leg-side
7.3
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, Roach persists with the full length and Kl Rahul pushes it tentatively to mid-off
7.2
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 133kph, in-angler on middle, defended to the right of the bowler
7.1
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, fullish ball, pushed into the off-side
6.6
Thomas to Virat Kohli, FOUR, Virat Kohli gets off the mark in style! A pacy back of a length delivery at 140kph, but Thomas commits the sin by dishing width outside off. Virat Kohli hangs back in his crease and crashes it through the covers. Right off the meat of the bat
6.6
Thomas to Virat Kohli, wide, asd40kph, errs in line slightly - too wide outside off, left alone
6.5
Thomas to Virat Kohli, no run, 141kph, Virat Kohli is back and across to defend this back of a length delivery to backward point
6.4
Thomas to Virat Kohli, no run, 137kph, good length delivery, Virat Kohli taps it into the off-side
6.3
Thomas to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 142kph, Thomas shortens his length and bowls it wider outside off, Kl Rahul hops and opens his bat-face at the last moment to run it down to third man. Can't call it a convincing shot though
6.2
Thomas to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller than a good length ball, knocked towards mid-on and Kl Rahul eyes a quick single, rightly sent back by Virat Kohli
6.1
Thomas to Kl Rahul, no run, what a start for Thomas! A superb outswinger that curled away late at 139kph, Kl Rahul hung back and was playing for the angle. Beaten comprehensively on the outside edge
5.6
Roach to Rohit Sharma, out Caught by Shai Hope!! A confident caught-behind appeal from WI, not given by the onfield umpire. West Indies review. It's a fair delivery. There's a spike on UltraEdge and the onfield call has been reversed. Rohit Sharma doesn't want to leave. There was a spike alright, but was it off the pad or bat? The ball was between those two, but it looked like the ball was closer to the bat. The third umpire was quick to deem it out. It was a superb delivery from Roach. Angled in a length ball from wide of the crease and it kept coming in with the angle. It decked in further and Rohit Sharma was prodding away from his body. There was a big gap between bat and pad and the ball might have kissed the inside edge before going into the keeper's mitts. Was there conclusive evidence to overturn the decision? Roach was certain that there was a nick. Successful review from West Indies  wkt (1-29) min (28m). Rohit Sharma c Shai Hope b Roach 18(23) [4s-1 6s-1]
5.5
Roach to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Roach shortens his length and that's been tucked around the corner
5.4
Roach to Kl Rahul, FOUR, top shot! Roach goes full, probably the length to be bowling here. Unfortunately for Roach, there's no swing on offer. Kl Rahul shows the maker's name as he middles the straight drive beating Roach and mid-on comfortably
5.3
Roach to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, dropped in front of mid-on for a quick single
5.2
Roach to Rohit Sharma, SIX, there's the trademark Rohit Sharma pull shot! Shortish ball, no pace and Rohit Sharma will surely punish you. This right-hander is one of the best pullers in the world and he has ample time to put it away. Pulled high and over deep mid-wicket for the first six of the match
5.1
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, 133kph, pitched up delivery, Rohit Sharma comes forward and neatly drives it straight to mid-off
4.6
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shorter in length, no real venom to trouble the batsman. Rohit Sharma swivels across with his left leg off the ground to play a well-timed pull shot to deep square leg
4.5
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, Cottrell drags his length back and Rohit Sharma has all the time in the world to half-pull it in front of square leg
4.4
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, better line-and-length from Cottrell. Fuller and on the stumps, Rohit Sharma is watchful in his push down the pitch
4.3
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, first boundary of the match! A freebie doled out by Cottrell and the Indian opener takes full toll of it. Loads of width outside off and the length was on the shorter side, Rohit Sharma goes back in his crease and flays the cut to the left of backward point. No chance for third man to cut it off
4.2
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 130kph, hurled fuller, Rohit Sharma leans into a drive and inside-edges it towards short fine leg
4.1
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 137kph, harmless shortish ball outside off, Kl Rahul has ample time to play his one-legged controlled pull shot through square leg
3.6
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, away-seamer from a length, Rohit Sharma sees the line outside off and lifts his bat up
3.5
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, shortish ball outside off, Rohit Sharma rides the bounce and dabs it to the right of backward point, can't steal a run on this
3.4
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, 132kph, fuller length ball, dropped towards mid-on
3.3
Roach to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 136kph, short of length delivery, tapped with an opened bat-face to the left of backward point. Fabian Allen moves across and fumbles, which allows Kl Rahul to take the single
3.2
Roach to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 137kph, pitched up delivery, Rohit Sharma's bat turns at the point of impact as he knocks it to the right of mid-on
3.1
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, 138kph, full and angling in towards off, Rohit Sharma comes forward and pushes it to cover
2.6
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, no run, a good ball to end the over. A well-directed short ball slanted across the right-handed batsman. Kl Rahul crouches low, drops his wrists and sways away from the line of it
2.5
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 139kph, the sucker ball from Cottrell. Full and wide outside off, Rohit Sharma almost falls for the bait. The Indian opener reaches out a long way to play an expansive drive. Gets a thick outside edge past the first slip. A streaky single down to third man
2.5
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, wide, asd38kph, errs in line and slips it down leg, past Rohit Sharma's glance/flick
2.4
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 135kph, fuller length delivery, pushed firmly towards mid-on
2.3
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 133kph, extra bounce on this in-nipper and Rohit Sharma is cramped for room. He jumps and tries to tuck it around the corner, only manages an inside edge onto his body
2.2
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, effort ball! Bends his back and darts a shortish ball at 137kph, Rohit Sharma sees the line outside off and tries to carve it over point. Beaten by the extra bounce
2.1
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 133kph, decks in a touch from a length, Rohit Sharma leans across and taps it to cover
1.6
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, Roach pitches it up - an in-angler from wide of the crease and attacking the sticks. Kl Rahul bunts it to mid-on
1.5
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 133kph, fullish ball wide of off, seams in a bit, but that's been left alone on line. Goes to the keeper on the bounce
1.4
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, touch fuller, Kl Rahul gets forward and fences it to backward point
1.3
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, continues with the shorter length does Roach and Kl Rahul punches it towards cover off the back foot
1.2
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, pounds in a short of length ball from wide of the crease, Kl Rahul allows the ball to come to him and drops it into the off-side
1.1
Roach to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 136kph, in-slanting length ball on the stumps, Rohit Sharma tucks it into the mid-wicket pocket and hares to the other end
0.6
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, no run, 132kph, back of a length delivery around middle and off, Kl Rahul hangs back in his crease and gets slightly opened up as he tries to manoeuvre it through the off-side. Hits the bat hard and dies down on the off-side
0.5
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 133kph, touch too short and on the ribs, Rohit Sharma walks across and employs a one-legged tuck to backward square leg
0.4
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 137kph, good length ball closer to the off-stump, might have nipped in a touch too, Rohit Sharma lifts his bat and lets it go
0.3
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 132kph, very full and outside off, no swing. Rohit Sharma is happy to shoulder arms
0.2
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, 3 runs, India and Kl Rahul get off the mark. Short of length marginally ball wide of off, Kl Rahul jumps back in his crease and punches it through point. Didn't over-hit it and opens his account with a triple
0.1
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller than a good length ball with a hint of shape into the right-hander, a good stride forward from Kl Rahul as he solidly blocks it into the off-side
Commentary
Gayle,Roach,Brathwaite,Holder,Ambris,Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal,Vijay Shankar,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
