49.6
Mathews to Cottrell, no run, SL prevail in this well-fought contest! Slower ball outside off, Cottrell punches off the back foot but picks out extra cover
49.5
Mathews to Gabriel, 1 run, on that good length once again, Gabriel is heaving furiously but isn't able to middle them. Can't fault him. Not his job. Gets an inside edge towards mid-wicket and they take a quick single
49.4
Mathews to Cottrell, 1 run, slot ball but Cottrell is cramped for room as he swings at this one. Doesn't connect that well, well short of wide long-on
49.3
Mathews to Gabriel, 1 run, charges down the track for the pull but only gets an under edge down to fine leg
49.2
Mathews to Gabriel, no run, another play and a miss! Takes pace off completely and keeps it outside off, Gabriel cannot get bat on it
49.1
Mathews to Gabriel, no run, very full and follows Gabriel who was backing away for the big shot. Can't connect
48.6
Malinga to Gabriel, 1 run, another yorker, relentless from Malinga and it's jammed out down to long-on. Just a single
48.5
Malinga to Gabriel, no run, has a big hoick but connects thin air! Was the perfect yorker but just a bit outside leg and that saves Gabriel who was never going to connect this one. Not the way he was intending to
48.4
Malinga to Gabriel, no run, nearly repeats the feat, Malinga! Very full and tailing into Gabriel who somehow gets a faint inside edge onto the pad
48.3
Malinga to Thomas, out Lbw!! good review by the Lankans and they are one wicket away now. That inimitable inswinging yorker from Malinga and it was too hot to handle for a tailender like Thomas. He sat in the crease, trying to keep it out but got rapped on the back pad. Looked out in real time itself but the umpire perhaps felt that there was an inside edge. SL challenged the call and once UltraEdge confirmed no bat, the result was a foregone conclusion. Hitting leg stump on Hawkeye. Down to the last wicket now wkt (10-286) min (2m). Thomas lbw b Malinga 1(6)       
48.2
Malinga to Thomas, no run, goes for the yorker but ends up as a low full toss, Thomas swings for the ocean but doesn't connect. Whizzes past the off pole
48.1
Malinga to Thomas, no run, fuller and outside off, Thomas drives but cannot beat the man at extra cover
47.6
Mathews to Cottrell, no run, very full and straighter as well, jammed out towards mid-wicket. What an over from Mathews! Has sealed the game in favor of SL and now it's over to Malinga to close things out
47.5
Mathews to Cottrell, 2 runs, dropped by Udana! SL's fielding over the last hour or so has been nothing short of disastrous. Udana, normally an agile fielder, shells a rather straightforward chance at long-on. Was a fuller one and Cottrell swung hard at it but got more height than distance on the shot. Got lucky eventually
47.4
Mathews to Thomas, 1 run, direct hit would have taken out Thomas! The throw misses by a whisker and he survives. Was a fuller ball that got bunted to extra cover and they went for the quick single
47.3
Mathews to Thomas, no run, another dot! Well wide and angling across Thomas who plays well inside the line
47.2
Mathews to Thomas, no run, swing and a miss! Shortish and outside off, Thomas throws his bat at it but cannot connect
47.1
Mathews to Pooran, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! Mathews you rockstar! That's the killer blow. After a gap of 18 months, he comes to bowl with the game on the line and guess what, takes out the set batsman. Wow! Mathews is jumping around like a teenager who has just won a lottery. His mates know the value of this wicket too. Wasn't a wicket-taking ball, angled it across Pooran who wanted to cut it away but could only manage a thin feather on it. Perera doesn't miss out as he holds onto the chance. Ends a spectacular innings from Pooran, brought the WI this close from out of nowhere but will have to go now. He's dejected as makes that painful walk back wkt (9-286) min (18m). Pooran c Kusal Perera b Mathews 118(103) [4s-11 6s-4]
46.6
Udana to Cottrell, no run, dug in short once again, kicks up onto Cottrell who does well to fend it towards square leg. Udana is done
46.6
Udana to Cottrell, wide, wrong lines from Udana as he spills it well down the leg-side
46.5
Udana to Cottrell, 2 runs, tempers flaring among the Lankans. An overthrow allows the extra run. Was another short ball that Cottrell fended awkwardly towards the off-side. The single was always on and the throw at the bowler's end was unwanted really. The fielder backing up can't stop it cleanly, thereby allowing the second
46.4
Udana to Cottrell, no run, the short ball, well outside off and Cottrell ignores it
46.3
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, better from Udana, cramps Pooran with a skiddy short of a length ball that gives no room. Jabbed off the back foot towards long leg
46.2
Udana to Pooran, FOUR, there he goes! Raw power from Pooran but the placement is equally good and that's the crucial part. Harmless drag down, there wasn't pace on it but Pooran was ready. Sat back and nailed the pull, bisecting long-on and deep mid-wicket with clinical precision
46.1
Udana to Cottrell, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Cottrell dabs it down to third man. 300 up for WI!
45.6
Malinga to Pooran, no run, dot ball! Gets the yorker fairly right, Pooran can't do much but bunt it to extra cover and he's hit it so well that a single is out of question. Fab over from Malinga, just 7 off it! Should have had Pooran too if not for that fielding blip
45.6
Malinga to Pooran, wide, whooopsyyy!! Another high full toss! Second time today that it's slipped out of Malinga's hands but this isn't as high and was very, very wide outside off as well. Perera does well to stop it
45.5
Malinga to Cottrell, 1 run, a searing yorker, on cue, from Malinga. Cottrell did really well to get some bat on it. Thick inside edge through his legs behind square leg
45.4
Malinga to Pooran, 1 run, a bit too straight this time and Pooran flicks it away to deep mid-wicket. Takes the single
45.3
Malinga to Pooran, no run, fuller and straighter once more, Pooran manages to keep it out
45.2
Malinga to Pooran, no run, fine yorker outside off, superb from Malinga and Pooran digs it out to the off-side
45.1
Malinga to Pooran, FOUR, Thisara has made a royal mess at long-off!! Misjudged the catch totally, overran it and eventually, fingeripped over his head to the fence. He dare not go anywhere near Malinga who is red-faced out there. What a moment this could be! Fuller ball outside off, Pooran didn't get hold of the loft at all as he was foxed by th slower ball. Thisara didn't pick it properly and eventually, let it slip
44.6
Udana to Cottrell, no run, angled into Cottrell from around middle and leg, blocked to mid-wicket and the crowd cheer it
44.5
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, fuller and angling in on off, dug out down the ground to long-on
44.4
Udana to Pooran, SIX, blasted into the stands! We could be in for some serious carnage, if there hasn't been much already. Slower short ball from Udana, Pooran picks it early and mauls the swivel pull over deep backward square leg. Was a six the moment he connected
44.4
Udana to Pooran, wide, erratic from Udana as he fires this well down leg. Good take by Perera
44.3
Udana to Pooran, no run, very full and outside off, jammed back towards the bowler down the track
44.2
Udana to Pooran, 2 runs, maiden ODI ton for Pooran! If it was Fernando earlier on in the day, it's this dashing West Indian's turn to show that there are some promising talents in these two countries. Pooran has been good for a major part of the tournament to be honest and a big knock was on the cards. Reaches the milestone with a flick through mid-wicket, runs hard to get a brace. He's taken WI to the brink here but has to finish things
44.1
Udana to Fabian Allen, out Fabian Allen Run Out!! What a brain fade moment! Allen is furious as he walks off, constantly cursing himself. This is an absolute waste of a wicket really. The partnership was on fire, Sri Lanka were starting to wilt and then, this happens. Was a fuller ball that was worked towards short fine leg by Allen. To be fair to Pooran, a single was there to be taken if they ran swiftly but Allen froze and hardly moved as his partner reached his end. He then made an insignificant try but was nowhere in the frame as Rajitha's throw at the bowler's end came for Udana to do the rest wkt (8-257) min (5m). Fabian Allen run out (Rajitha/Udana) 51(32) [4s-7 6s-1]
43.6
Rajitha to Fabian Allen, 1 run, low full toss around middle and leg, thumped away down to long-on for Allen to retain strike
43.5
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, very full and curving away from around off, jammed out to sweeper cover
43.4
Rajitha to Fabian Allen, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Allen sits back and punches it through the covers. 50 for him! Has to be one of the finest cameos of this tournament
43.3
Rajitha to Fabian Allen, SIX, nonchalance! Absolute nonchalance! How cool is this kid?? He is playing a blinder here. Slot ball from Rajitha who missed the yorker by the faintest of margins but that was enough as it got deposited straight back down the ground for a flat maximum. Wow!
43.2
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, fuller and outside off, driven fluently through cover-point
43.2
Rajitha to Pooran, wide, another widish slower ball but this is well beyond the tramline outside off
43.1
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, smart off cutter, wider outside off and forces an edge as Pooran goes for a square drive. Doesn't carry to the keeper
42.6
Udana to Fabian Allen, no run, on a length with straighter lines, Allen blocks it back towards Udana
42.5
Udana to Fabian Allen, no run, shortish and outside off, Allen shapes for a flashy cut but misses
42.4
Udana to Fabian Allen, FOUR, messy fielding! I guess this was a sharp chance but Rajitha not only misses it but also lets the ball through to the fence. Shoddy stuff! Was a poor ball from Udana too, feeded it down leg and Allen helped it away with an uppish whip that should have been stopped at short fine leg. Gets a boundary. Allen is turning it on here
42.3
Udana to Fabian Allen, no run, shortish and angling into Allen who defends it towards the leg-side. Udana gets across quickly to the ball and prevents the single. Pooran wanted the run but is sent back in time
42.2
Udana to Fabian Allen, FOUR, Allen continues to find the boundaries and this is relieving Pooran at the other end. There was a bit of width on this one and with short third man and backward point in place, wasn't a wise choice from Udana. Allen played the cut late and bisectd the two fielders superbly
42.1
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, off stump yorker, good execution from Udana and Pooran digs it out down to long-off
41.6
Rajitha to Fabian Allen, no run, goes for the stock pace delivery, low full toss and it's bunted to mid-off
41.5
Rajitha to Fabian Allen, FOUR, has he got hold of this one? Oh yes, he has! Picks the slower short one early, does Allen and goes for a meaty pull over mid-wicket. Just on the bounce past the ropes
41.4
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, chipped over the bowler! Rajitha's slower balls have been very effective today. Nearly foxes Pooran with one here, the southpaw checks his shot at the last moment and gets it over Rajitha somehow
41.3
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, keeps it very full once more, wider as well and Pooran can only jam the slower ball out. This is clever bowling from Rajitha
41.2
Rajitha to Fabian Allen, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Allen hangs back and pulls but only down to long-on for a single
41.1
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, starts with a widish slower ball outside off, jammed out towards deep point
40.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, 1 run, fuller and outside off, driven down the ground to long-off
40.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, FOUR, streaky runs! Luck cancelling it out for Pooran. This was a thick bottom edge as he shaped back for the cut and the ball went through Perera to the third man fence
40.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, another fine shot but it's another dot. Sits back for the late cut, connects well but finds point
40.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, once again fires it outside off, Pooran punches it beautifully off the back foot once more but finds extra cover
40.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, the slider that cramps Pooran for room on the back foot, stabbed to mid-off
40.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, SIX, smashed away! Pooran is fighting really hard here and another few overs of him could really make this game very close. Poor ball this, a long hop and Pooran picked it early, rocked back and blasted the pull over deep square leg
39.6
Malinga to Pooran, 1 run, very full and curving in towards the base of middle, Pooran drives straight and gets it past the non-striker for an easy single
39.5
Malinga to Fabian Allen, 1 run, opens the bat face and steers the length delivery square of third man
39.4
Malinga to Pooran, 1 run, attacks the stumps with another slower ball, Pooran opens the face and dinks it into the off-side for a quick single
39.3
Malinga to Fabian Allen, 1 run, off-cutter bowled on a length around off, Fabian Allen drops it with soft hands into the off-side and rushes through for a quick single
39.2
Malinga to Fabian Allen, 2 runs, slower and fuller outside off, Fabian Allen chips the drive over a backtracking extra cover. Shouts of 'catch it' but it was always evading the fielders
39.1
Malinga to Fabian Allen, FOUR, too full and wide of off, Fabian Allen stays solid in his stance and clobbers the drive past wide mid-off. Excellent timing on that to collect his fourth boundary in three overs
38.6
Udana to Fabian Allen, 3 runs, juicy full toss at the hip, Fabian Allen tucks it away in the gap through mid-wicket, Thirimanne does well to balance himself on the slide in the deep and saves a run for his side
38.5
Udana to Fabian Allen, no run, doesn't pick the variation this time and gets beaten on the outside edge
38.4
Udana to Fabian Allen, FOUR, imposes himself on this shot. Picks up the change of pace outside off and thumps the drive through extra cover with full-throttle, forces the pace and gets the desired result
38.3
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, short and slightly wide of off at 132ks, cut away to the right of backward point
38.2
Udana to Pooran, no run, full at off-stump, Pooran pings the drive straight to the fielder at mid-off
38.1
Udana to Fabian Allen, 1 run, full and angling away outside off, Fabian Allen chops the cut wide of third man to his right
37.6
Malinga to Fabian Allen, 1 run, low full toss at the stumps, Fabian Allen biffs the drive to deep mid-on
37.5
Malinga to Fabian Allen, FOUR, he is just sitting back and reading Malinga's variations. Picks the full ball on leg-stump and hoicks it over the mid-wicket fielder for his second boundary of the over
37.4
Malinga to Pooran, leg byes, 1 run, the slower dipping yorker on the pads, Pooran misses the flick and manages to sneak a leg bye as the ball dribbles round the corner on the leg-side
37.3
Malinga to Pooran, no run, full and angling away outside off, Pooran tries to squeeze it down to third man but can't lay bat on that
37.2
Malinga to Fabian Allen, 1 run, 131ks full and straight, Fabian Allen jams the drive straight past the non-striker
37.1
Malinga to Fabian Allen, FOUR, this one dips at his toes and Fabian Allen plays a perfect pick-up flick over backward square. He just needed to give the ball direction and he did that with some ease
37.1
Malinga to Fabian Allen, wide, bumper down the leg-side, past Fabian Allen's bat swing. Called wide for line, too far down
36.6
Udana to Pooran, FOUR, there's a big gap between fly slip and keeper and the ball rolls through that same region. Pooran has an optimistic swing outside off and the thick edge keeps trickling to the fence
36.5
Udana to Fabian Allen, 1 run, hangs back and cuts this late behind point
36.4
Udana to Fabian Allen, no run, slants this across the right-hander on a good length, Fabian Allen goes deep inside the crease and swings through the off-side. No contact once again
36.3
Udana to Fabian Allen, no run, back of a length outside off, punched away to backward point
36.2
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, 132ks full and angling into middle and leg, driven firmly towards long-on
36.1
Udana to Pooran, no run, full and wide of off, no pace on that and Pooran's early bat swing fetches him nothing. Thin air...
35.6
Malinga to Fabian Allen, no run, yorker at off-stump, Fabian Allen brings his bat down straight and blocks it into the leg-side
35.5
Malinga to Fabian Allen, no run, another low full toss and this has been toe-ended straight to mid-on
35.4
Malinga to Pooran, 1 run, low full toss outside off, Pooran presents the full face of the bat to drive it down to long-off
35.3
Malinga to Fabian Allen, 1 run, loopy yorker on the pads, Fabian Allen manages an inside edge onto boot which rolls backwards of square leg
35.2
Malinga to Fabian Allen, 2 runs, full at the stumps, clipped away to the right of deep square
35.1
Malinga to Pooran, 3 runs, bowls the full off-cutter outside off, Pooran lifts the drive over mid-off and he is lucky that it managed to sail over the backtracking Mathews who does well to flick it back inches inside the boundary ropes
34.6
Udana to Fabian Allen, no run, off-cutter angling away outside off, Allen looks to punch on the up but no dice
34.5
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, short ball at the ribcage, pulled away to deep square and that shall bring West Indies' 200
34.4
Udana to Pooran, no run, full on middle and leg, Pooran flicks and finds short fine
34.3
Udana to Pooran, out Brathwaite Run Out!! Dished full at the stumps and Pooran nailed a straight drive right off the middle, Udana looks to pull off a diving catch and gets a fingertip in the process, Brathwaite was caught napping at the bowling end and he wasn't even in the frame. Backed up too far down the pitch and paid heavy price for it. It just grazed the fingertipes and smashed the stumps wkt (7-245) min (55m). Brathwaite run out (Udana) 8(15) [4s-1]
34.2
Udana to Pooran, FOUR, poor bowling from Udana! Bowls the slower ball but sprays it way down the leg-side, Pooran just helps it on its way to the fine leg fence
34.1
Udana to Brathwaite, 1 run, leg-cutter at the stumps, Brathwaite taps it into the off-side and gets through for a quick single
33.6
Rajitha to Pooran, 2 runs, dishes it full and wide of off, Pooran slices the drive over backward point. Easy two
33.5
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, slower and angling away outside off, Pooran throws his bat on the drive and sends an inside edge rolling down towards the keeper
33.4
Rajitha to Pooran, SIX, he's on a roll! Expects the short ball, stays back and bang! Hits the pull with the breeze and clears the square leg ropes by some distance
33.3
Rajitha to Brathwaite, 1 run, gets on top of the length delivery and crunches it along the ground to deep cover
33.2
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, back of a length on middle and leg, flicked away square on the leg-side
33.1
Rajitha to Pooran, FOUR, advances down the pitch, takes on the length delivery and swats it over mid-wicket, huge gaps in the deep and it will trickle away to the boundary ropes
33.1
Rajitha to Pooran, wide, slower and slipping down the leg-side, Pooran hoicks and makes no contact
32.6
Karunaratne to Brathwaite, no run, slices the cut towards backward point and looks for a non-existent single. Brathwaite clearly wasn't watching his partner there, keeps running and then realises midway that he had to rush back. Just made it. A better throw would have had Brathwaite
32.5
Karunaratne to Brathwaite, no run, flicks this slightly wide of mid-wicket but they don't risk a single
32.4
Karunaratne to Brathwaite, no run, fuller on middle, flicked away straight to mid-wicket
32.3
Karunaratne to Brathwaite, no run, gentle medium pace outside off, Brathwaite looks for a late cut but can't get bat on ball
32.2
Karunaratne to Pooran, 1 run, fuller outside off, Pooran drills a drive down to long-off
32.1
Karunaratne to Pooran, SIX, fifty up for Nicholas Pooran! Gets a back of a length hit-me outside off and he stands tall to maul it for a 81-metre maximum over mid-wicket. Clean as a whistle
31.6
Rajitha to Brathwaite, no run, good length on off, Brathwaite hops and drops it dead near his feet
31.5
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, firmly punched towards deep mid-off and they make an early call to complete the single
31.4
Rajitha to Pooran, Byes, 2 runs, change of pace from Rajitha, slants it across Pooran's bat swing and Kusal Perera yet again fails to read the variation. Another fumble and the extras swell up to 20
31.3
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, on a length around middle and leg, Pooran stays back and bunts it down the pitch with soft hands
31.2
Rajitha to Brathwaite, 1 run, drifting into the pads, flicked away square on the leg-side
31.1
Rajitha to Brathwaite, no run, back of a length outside off, Brathwaite gets on toes and toe-ends the punchy drive back to the bowler
30.6
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, fuller around off, pushed back to the bowler
30.6
Vandersay to Brathwaite, wide, 2, googly down the leg-side, too far down and Brathwaite lets it pass. A fumble from Perera allows the duo to sneak an extra run
30.5
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, half-tracker outside off, Pooran drags it to wide long-on
30.4
Vandersay to Pooran, FOUR, Vandersay continues to dish freebies. This one's down the leg-side and Pooran gets down quickly to slam the sweep through backward square region
30.3
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, the legbreak now, Pooran rocks back and drags the pull back to the bowler
30.2
Vandersay to Pooran, 2 runs, gives more width on this wrong 'un, Pooran gets across and slaps it to the right of deep cover. Easy two
30.1
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, googly, short and spinning away outside off, Pooran chops it into the off-side off the bottom edge
29.6
Rajitha to Brathwaite, FOUR, half-volley on the stumps, and that is a glorious checked on-drive to the straight boundary for four. Just stand up and applaud!
29.5
Rajitha to Brathwaite, no run, free hit, back of a length delivery on the stumps, Brathwaite almost swings himself off his feet to try and get it over cow corner - misses it by a mile. Bounces through to the wicketkeeper
29.5
Rajitha to Brathwaite, no ball, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched to cover, and he has overstepped!
29.4
Rajitha to Brathwaite, no run, short and wide, stays low, Brathwaite has a slash at it, misses
29.3
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the thigh, nudged - missed - off the pads into the on-side for a leg-bye
29.2
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, banged in on a back of a length, doesn't rise enough for the pull, sneaks under the bat but just over the stumps and through to the wicketkeeper
29.1
Rajitha to Brathwaite, Byes, 1 run, short, wide, stays low, Brathwaite misses the cut, on the bounce to the keeper, who can't collect it cleanly, and finally it's a bye to third man
28.6
Vandersay to Pooran, 2 runs, a tad short, skids through a little, pulled away off the backfoot towards deep mid-wicket for a couple
28.5
Vandersay to Pooran, FOUR, an overpitched loopy delivery on middle, smoked straight down the ground for four. Murdered!
28.4
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, loopy delivery on leg-stump, Pooran misses the sweep - and another dot ball. Should have been put away
28.3
Vandersay to Brathwaite, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Brathwaite nails the drive through extra cover for a single
28.2
Vandersay to Holder, out Caught by (sub)J Mendis! Holder can't believe it! He's frozen in disbelief! A leg-break on a half-volley length, Holder had it perfectly in the slot, tried to loft it over the in-field - simply didn't get the elevation, and just flat-bats it to the substitute fielder at mid-on who doesn't have to move an inch! He's absolutely gift-wrapped his wicket and handed it graciously to Sri Lanka wkt (5-145) min (38m). Holder c (sub)Mendis b Vandersay 26(26) [4s-4]
28.1
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, loopy full-toss, mauled away towards deep mid-wicket for a single. Didn't get all of that.
28.1
Vandersay to Pooran, wide, wide down leg, well collected by the 'keeper
27.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, 1 run, skids through on middle, punched off the backfoot towards mid-on for a single
27.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, tossed up and angling in towards middle, Pooran opens his stance and defends it towards cover
27.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, skids through on the middle-stump, punched back hastily off the backfoot
27.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, FOUR, very full, skidding through, and I don't know how he cut that - just got really low, and ran his hands through a wristy cut to get it to spin between backward point and short third man for four
27.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, dropped shortish, no width, punched off the backfoot towards wide mid-off
27.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Holder, 1 run, skids through on off, swatted off the backfoot towards mid-on - a fumble - and a single is allowed as a result
26.6
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, fuller length delivery on off, Pooran reaches out and swats a whip towards midwicket
26.5
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, very full delivery on middle, whipped to short midwicket
26.4
Vandersay to Pooran, FOUR, a half-tracker of a leg-break, juicy, and all his weight comes down on that pull, flat through cow corner for four
26.3
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, overspinner, punched off the backfoot towards mid-on
26.2
Vandersay to Holder, 1 run, loopy leg-break outside off, a loft over the in-field inside out towards deep extra cover for a single
26.1
Vandersay to Holder, no run, loopy delivery on off, deadbatted off a full stretch
25.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, skids through off the lacquer again, blocked off the backfoot hastily
25.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Holder, 1 run, skids through on the stumps, punched off the backfoot towards long-on, through a diving bowler, for a single
25.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, 1 run, skids through outside off, carved to backward point for a single
25.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, full one on middle, deadbatted
25.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, tempting, very tempting, turning away and beating the outside edge, does the backfoot leave the crease? Yeah, momentarily, but it's back down by the time the bails are whipped off. An umpire review, but it is declared "not out" immediately
25.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, FOUR, flat and full on middle and leg, a whipped on-drive towards the long-on boundary for four.
24.6
Vandersay to Holder, 2 runs, tossed up full outside off, Holder reaches out and runs his hands through the line and drive it inside out towards deep extra cover for a couple
24.5
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, short and wide, rank half-tracker, carved to the right of backward point where Malinga dives to cut it off - still manages to allow the single
24.4
Vandersay to Holder, 1 run, tossed up very full, full-toss, drilled down to long-off for a single
24.3
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, loopy one down leg, a flight-killing sweep down to backward square leg for a single
24.2
Vandersay to Holder, 1 run, loads of flight outside off, driven hard down to deep extra cover for a single
24.1
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, full delivery on the boots, whipped away towards long-on for a single
23.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, 1 run, another tempting delivery outside off, whip-driven to the left of the mid-off fielder who dives to his left to cut it off
23.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, tossed up tantalisingly on the stumps, Pooran reaches out and punches it away towards mid-off
23.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, angling in, middle-stump, Pooran reaches out and pushes it towards cover
23.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, 2 runs, a tad short outside off again, tapped off the backfoot towards deep extra cover for a couple
23.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, skids through on off, Pooran gets low and chops it off the under-edge towards backward point
23.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, tossed up temptingly outside off, whip-driven to mid-off
22.6
Vandersay to Holder, no run, a little too full on middle, check-driven right back, hard
22.5
Vandersay to Holder, no run, loopy delivery just outside off, Holder gets forward and deadbats
22.4
Vandersay to Holder, FOUR, another full-toss, better placement, clubbed away through the in-field to the deep extra cover fence for four. A good dive by the captain, but it beats him
22.3
Vandersay to Holder, no run, full-toss, drilled to cover
22.2
Vandersay to Holder, no run, stays low and turns away to beat the backfoot defence - and the third umpire has been called for the stumping. He seems to have lifted his foot, but not completely, as the 'keeper waited for him before whipping off the bails. NOT OUT
22.1
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, on the boot, a mistimed whip into the on-side for a single
21.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Holder, no run, turns in from a back of a length, nudged away off the backfoot towards square leg
21.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, 1 run, dropped short, punched away off the backfoot to deep extra cover for a single
21.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Pooran, no run, skids through on middle, punched off the backfoot towards mid-off as cover comes around and dives to his left to cut it off
21.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Holder, 1 run, angled in flat towards middle, swatted away towards long-on for a single
21.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Holder, no run, skids through on middle, punched off the backfoot towards mid-on
21.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Holder, FOUR, on the pads, very full, whipped away with crisp timing towards the cow corner fence for four. All bottom-hand, fantastic placement. Poor fielding at the boundary, though
20.6
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, skids through on middle and leg, tucked into the on-side from the crease
20.5
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, on the pads, nudged away towards square leg
20.4
Vandersay to Holder, 1 run, tosses it up on off, driven firmly down to long-off for a single
20.3
Vandersay to Holder, FOUR, tossed up outside off, leg-break, Holder throws his hands at the drive and slices it away to the deep backward point fence for four
20.2
Vandersay to Holder, no run, turns away from a nice length, beats the backfoot defence, much better
20.2
Vandersay to Holder, wide, 5 makes an absolute mess of his line again, about 2 meters down leg-side, and that hurries away to the fine leg fence for five wides
20.1
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, short and wide, still struggling with the lines, chopped away towards sweeper cover for a single
19.6
Rajitha to Holder, no run, in-slanter from a length, tapped towards mid-off
19.5
Rajitha to Holder, FOUR, nice shot! A good length delivery, Holder prods forward and just eases into a drive. Off the sweet spot and he found the gap in the cover region
19.4
Rajitha to Holder, no run, 134kph, short of length delivery, Holder bunts it to mid-on off the inner half. He was looking to push it through mid-off
19.4
Rajitha to Holder, wide, shd 131kph, yorker length well down leg. Kusal Perera does well to stop that moving to his left
19.3
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, 132kph, back of a length delivery, tucked away to deep backward square leg
19.2
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, 131kph, full and pushed across, the lefty has a waft at it, gets beaten on the outside edge
19.1
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, 133kph, skiddy back of a length delivery and Pooran is late on his tuck
18.6
Vandersay to Holder, no run, slow short of length delivery, Holder sees the line wide of off and throws his arms at it. It was a non-turner and Holder ended up inside-edging it onto his pad. Very ordinary over from Vandersay, but gets away conceding just four off it
18.5
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, short-and-wide ball, slapped to left of deep cover
18.4
Vandersay to Holder, 1 run, a drag down, Holder goes back and pulls through backward square leg
18.3
Vandersay to Pooran, 1 run, another tossed up delivery, just 75kph, whipped away to deep mid-wicket
18.2
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, loads of flight on this full ball, wristed to mid-wicket
18.2
Vandersay to Pooran, wide, similar length, way outside off, left alone. Nerves?
18.1
Vandersay to Pooran, no run, starts with a half-tracker outside off, but gets away as Pooran chops it to cover
17.6
Rajitha to Holder, no run, full and tailing in on the pads, Holder misses the flick. An optimistic appeal for lbw, easily going down leg
17.5
Rajitha to Hetmyer, out Hetmyer Run Out!! Dhananjaya scores a direct-hit and Hetmyer was nowhere in the frame. Suicidal running from Hetmyer. Shortish ball, Hetmyer rode the bounce and tapped it into the off-side. Went straight to backward point and he set of for a non-existent single. Surely, the run wasn't on there and Pooran rightly sent him back. Hetmyer had given up, and only a non-direct-hit would have saved him. Unfortunately for Hetmyer, DDS hit the bullseye wkt (4-84) min (38m). Hetmyer run out (Dhananjayade) 29(38) [4s-2]
17.4
Rajitha to Hetmyer, no run, 133kph, away-angler from a short of length, Hetmyer walks forward and looks to go over cover/extra cover, beaten. Wasn't too far away from the outside edge
17.3
Rajitha to Hetmyer, no run, 130kph, on a length and Hetmyer is half-forward as he knocks it towards mid-off
17.2
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, 133kph, slashes at this fullish away-angler and backward point makes a one-handed half-stop diving to his right. Stopped a certain boundary
17.1
Rajitha to Hetmyer, 1 run, 131kph, good length delivery, push-driven to sweeper cover
16.6
Udana to Hetmyer, 1 run, that made a cracking sound! Short ball and Hetmyer pulled hard in front of square. The man at mid-wicket makes a half-stop and keeps the batsmen down to a single
16.5
Udana to Hetmyer, no run, 133kph, short of length delivery, Hetmyer under-edges the cut to short third man
16.4
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, 131kph, back of a length delivery, one-legged pull off the inner part of the bat to fine leg
16.3
Udana to Hetmyer, 1 run, reaches out for this wide-and-shortish ball and dabs it towards point
16.2
Udana to Hetmyer, no run, 133kph, fullish ball, blocked back towards the bowler
16.1
Udana to Pooran, 1 run, 129kph, back of a length delivery, rib-lined, tucked through backward square leg. Initially eyed a couple, but sensibly settle for a single
15.6
Rajitha to Pooran, 1 run, short of length delivery on middle and leg, tucked to mid-wicket
15.5
Rajitha to Pooran, no run, good length delivery, Pooran bunts it to the left of the bowler and the ball rolls towards mid-on. Pooran is halfway down for a single, but Hetmyer is rooted in his crease. The former turns around swiftly and makes his ground. Even a direct hit wouldn't have had him in trouble. The TV umpire's services were used
15.4
Rajitha to Hetmyer, 1 run, hurriedly tucked to square leg for a quick single
15.3
Rajitha to Hetmyer, FOUR, Rajitha has his hands on the head. He knows that it was pretty close to the sticks. Shapes in a touch does this good length delivery and Hetmyer was trying to force it through the off-side with an angled blade. Gets a thick inside edge which eludes the leg-stump and runs away to the fine leg fence
15.3
Rajitha to Hetmyer, wide, short of length delivery slipped down leg
15.2
Rajitha to Gayle, out Caught by Vandersay!! What a comeback! After conceding a six off the previous ball, Rajitha has accounted for the big Jamaican. Pounds in a length ball at 131kph looking to angle it across the left-handed batsman. Gayle went through with his premeditated shot. A wild hoick across the line and the ball skied up off the top-edge. Vandersay moves to his left from short third man to settle under it and gobbles it up calmly wkt (3-70) min (70m). Gayle c Vandersay b Rajitha 35(48) [4s-1 6s-2]
15.1
Rajitha to Gayle, SIX, goes all the way! Slow, low full toss, Gayle gets forward and slightly crouches low to get under it. Looked effortless to the naked eye as he lofted it over long-on
14.6
Udana to Gayle, 1 run, 134kph, angles in on leg, worked wide of mid-wicket for a quick single
14.5
Udana to Gayle, no run, fuller than a good length ball, a defensive push to mid-off follows
14.4
Udana to Hetmyer, 1 run, 127kph, back of a length delivery, pulled hard to deep mid-wicket, just a single
14.3
Udana to Hetmyer, no run, 130kph, shortened length, Hetmyer gets a leading edge towards point on his tuck
14.2
Udana to Gayle, 1 run, huge shout for lbw, turned down by the umpire. Very full in-angling ball and Gayle got an inside edge onto his pad trying to flick it away. Sri Lanka rightly deciding against the review
14.1
Udana to Gayle, no run, fuller length delivery on leg, glanced to mid-wicket
13.6
Rajitha to Hetmyer, no run, 135kph, very full ball and Hetmyer is cramped for room too. Tries to hack it across the line and ends up inside-edging it onto his boot. The ball curled in a bit too
13.5
Rajitha to Gayle, 1 run, another off-pace ball, full and outside off, Gayle squeezes it through point
13.4
Rajitha to Gayle, no run, slower delivery at 114kph, Gayle clears his front leg to smash through the off-side, gets an inside edge that eludes the sticks
13.3
Rajitha to Gayle, no run, 133kph, pitched up delivery, driven firmly, Karunaratne makes a diving stop to his right in the cover region
13.2
Rajitha to Gayle, SIX, slower ball at 114kph from a short of length. Gayle picks it, still has to wait for it before biffing it over mid-wicket with a big swing of the bat. Didn't quite middle it, but he has enough power to place it wide of the man in the deep ... and also send it over the ropes
13.1
Rajitha to Hetmyer, 1 run, 134kph, fullish ball outside off, Hetmyer crouches and slashes it away through cover-point
12.6
Udana to Gayle, no run, 122kph, Gayle opens his bat-face and guides this short of length delivery to backward point
12.5
Udana to Hetmyer, 1 run, slower ball - 113kph from a back of a length, Hetmyer swivels across and pulls it in front of square on the on-side. Played that all along the ground
12.4
Udana to Gayle, 1 run, shorter in length, pulled away, not quite off the middle but pretty well controlled. A single to deep mid-wicket
12.3
Udana to Gayle, no run, short ball, Gayle stays in his crease and drops it into the off-side just adjacent to the pitch
12.2
Udana to Hetmyer, 1 run, slower delivery, Hetmyer walks forward to play across the line and inside-edges it towards square leg
12.1
Udana to Hetmyer, no run, 130kph, in-slanter, jabbed to mid-wicket
12.1
Udana to Hetmyer, wide, wayward delivery, low full toss down leg and Hetmyer can't make contact with his attempted glance/flick. Kusal Perera dives across to stop that
11.6
Rajitha to Gayle, no run, another slower delivery - 117kph. Gayle takes his front leg out of the equation to carve it away. He is early into his shot and hence chops it to backward point off the under edge
11.5
Rajitha to Gayle, no run, change of pace. Gayle stands tall and pushes it to cover
11.4
Rajitha to Hetmyer, 1 run, 140kph, shortish ball wide of off, cut away to deep point
11.3
Rajitha to Gayle, 1 run, 134kph, shortened length, Gayle clears his front leg for a big heave. Only manages an inside edge onto his leg which rolls towards point. The big man hurries across for a quick single
11.2
Rajitha to Gayle, FOUR, first boundary for Gayle! A pitched up delivery at 136kph, Gayle moves leg-side to open up the off-side. Gets underneath the ball and tonks it over wide mid-off for a one-bounce four
11.1
Rajitha to Gayle, no run, back of a length delivery angled across the left-handed batsman, Gayle tries a late-dab, not a sane shot with a slip positioned. Didn't make contact though
10.6
Udana to Hetmyer, FOUR, Hetmyer breaks the shackles and collects his first boundary. Udana errs in line - offers too much width outside off on this 130kph short of length delivery and Hetmyer pounces. The southpaw hangs back in his crease and slaps the cut through point - finding the gap perfectly
10.5
Udana to Hetmyer, 2 runs, off-pace ball, Hetmyer allows the ball to come to him and turns it around the corner - through backward square leg - for a couple
10.4
Udana to Hetmyer, no run, 130kph, good length delivery, Hetmyer gets forward and pats it towards extra cover
10.3
Udana to Gayle, 1 run, 132kph, very full ball, Gayle jams it down to long-on
10.2
Udana to Gayle, no run, loopy slower ball - full and outside off. Gayle picks it very late and tries to squeeze it away through off, no dice. Goes past the outside edge
10.1
Udana to Gayle, no run, 134kph. With a slip in place, Udana starts with an in-angling good length ball, Gayle defends it into the off-side from the crease
9.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
9.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, 1 run, tad too short from DDS, Hetmyer goes back and whips it to long-on for a single
9.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, no run, flatter and wider of off, Hetmyer makes room and finds cover-point with the cut
9.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, 2 runs, another ugly heave from Hetmyer, came down the track, didn't get close to the pitch and drags it past square leg for a couple of runs
9.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, no run, slower and well outside off, Hetmyer gets a big stride forward and finds cover
9.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, no run, tossed up on off, drilled straight to the fielder at mid-on
8.6
Malinga to Gayle, no run, another bouncer from Malinga, Gayle ducks under it and lets it go
8.5
Malinga to Gayle, no run, the bouncer from Malinga, Gayle ducks under it and lets it go
8.4
Malinga to Hetmyer, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, Hetmyer drives it towards mid-off where Mathews is undone by some awkward bounce, rolls away off his body and Hetmyer will get a single
8.3
Malinga to Hetmyer, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Hetmyer leans into the drive but can't get the timing right, straight to the fielder at cover
8.2
Malinga to Hetmyer, no run, another slower ball from Malinga, Hetmyer nudges it in front of mid-wicket, wanted a single but is sent back
8.1
Malinga to Hetmyer, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Hetmyer plays with a straight bat and defends
7.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, 1 run, a better throw might have had Hetmyer in trouble - he called for a quick single and for some reason kept veering wide of the pitch - the throw isn't great and he gets home with ease
7.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg-stump line, nudged wide of the bowler who can only make a half-stop
7.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, slower and at the stumps, Gayle plays well in front of his body as he defends - popped up in the air but dropped well in front of the bowler
7.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, flighted delivery at the stumps, Gayle punches it back at the bowler who makes a sliding stop
7.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, nicely bowled by DDS, tossed up outside off, drew Gayle forward and then spun enough to beat the outside edge
7.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, tossed up just outside off, Gayle leans forward and blocks
6.6
Malinga to Hetmyer, 2 runs, fraction too short from Malinga, Hetmyer swivels across and pulls it wide of mid-wicket, comes back for the second run
6.5
Malinga to Hetmyer, no run, the bouncer from Malinga, Hetmyer ducks under it and lets it go
6.4
Malinga to Hetmyer, no run, was it a chance? Kusal Mendis was diving across to his left, think it carried to him - yes, it did so comfortably and it's shelled. Will go down as a sitter - lovely delivery from Malinga, did Hetmyer in with the change of pace, slipped in the slower ball outside off, Hetmyer went hard on the drive, gets a thick outside edge that lobbed to the lone slip. Perhaps, Mendis expected it to come faster at him
6.3
Malinga to Hetmyer, no run, short and angling across the left-hander, Hetmyer swivels across and pulls it to mid-on
6.2
Malinga to Hetmyer, 2 runs, yorker length delivery outside off, Hetmyer watches it all along, plays with an open face and squeezes it past the slip cordon - Udana gets across quickly and prevents the boundary
6.1
Malinga to Gayle, 1 run, half-a-chance and Thirimanne can't hold on, very full and on Gayle's pads, he was looking to flick and couldn't keep it down - went in the air and to the right of square leg - a terrific effort from Thirimanne, moving across to is right, puttinng in the dive and going one-handed - hit his wrists and rolled away
5.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, no run, much better from Hetmyer, gets a good stride forward to a well flighted delivery and finds cover with the drive
5.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, Gayle quietly works it to mid-on for a single
5.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Hetmyer, 1 run, that was close, the arm-ball that kept coming back at the left-hander, he went back on the cut and is lucky to have managed an inside edge, past the leg-stump and off the mark with a single
5.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, tossed up outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
5.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, flighted delivery on Gayle's pads, he was looking to nudge and missed, rolled off the pad and behind square on the off-side
5.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, tossed up outside off, Gayle gets half-forward on the defensive push
4.6
Malinga to Shai Hope, out Bowled!! Chopped on! Hope has never lived up to his promise in this #CWC2019 and he's gone cheaply once again - done in by the cunningness of Malinga - after a pacy short ball, Malinga changes track and bowls a slower off-cutter, rolled his wrists and didn't give Hope any pace to work with - went hard on the cut, Hope, and all he managed was a big inside edge onto his stumps. He looks at the base of his bat and trudges away, West Indies are off to a poor start in their chase of 339 wkt (2-22) min (13m). Shai Hope b Malinga 5(11) [4s-1]
4.6
Malinga to Shai Hope, wide, another short ball from Malinga, but it's way too high and called as a wide
4.5
Malinga to Shai Hope, no run, change of pace from Malinga, slower ball outside off, Hope was early into the drive and gets an inside edge back at the bowler
4.4
Malinga to Shai Hope, no run, banged in short and holding its line outside off, Hope drops his wrists and sways away from the line
4.3
Malinga to Shai Hope, no run, tad fuller and at the stumps, Hope presses across and defends it to the on-side
4.2
Malinga to Shai Hope, no run, on a length and at the stumps, Hope prods across and clips it to mid-wicket
4.1
Malinga to Gayle, 1 run, another direct hit, but this time Gayle is alert as he beats the throw, called for a quick single after driving one in front of mid-off
3.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Gayle gets a big stride and takes it on the full, punched down towards long-off for a single
3.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, slower and wider of off, Gayle gets a good stride forward and finds cover with the drive
3.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Shai Hope, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, eased down towards long-on for a single
3.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, appeal for a run-out. Lazy from Gayle as he plonked his bat down, it's close but he's well in, NOT OUT is the call. It was tossed up on the pads, Gayle nudged it past square leg and sauntered casually across for a single - almost took it too lightly and nearly paid the price
3.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, pushed through quicker and at the stumps, Gayle makes room and punches it to mid-on
3.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, tossed up on off, Gayle gets half-forward in defence
2.6
Malinga to Shai Hope, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Hope plays with a closed face and finds backward point with the dab
2.5
Malinga to Shai Hope, no run, loose waft from Hope, short of a length and well wide of off, has Hope playing away from his body and is beaten on the edge
2.4
Malinga to Shai Hope, FOUR, cracking shot, a length ball on the free-hit, Hope clears his left leg and drills it over cover for a boundary
2.4
Malinga to Shai Hope, no ball, that's a slower ball gone horribly wrong, turns out to be a beamer and it's called as a no-ball. An immediate apology from Malinga, but his reaction suggested that he thinks he could have castled Hope there - quick to duck under it, was Hope
2.3
Malinga to Shai Hope, no run, short of a length and around the off-stump line, defended solidly to the off-side
2.2
Malinga to Ambris, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! The bouncer does the trick for Malinga - this was short and this was well directed, Ambris swivelled across on the pull, was a tad too late in doing so, the ball grazed the top-edge and Kusal Perera does the rest. A confident appeal and umpire Oxenford lifted the dreaded finger - Ambris knew he had nicked it, off he goes. Another poor start for West Indies - this has been the story of their tournament so far wkt (1-12) min (11m). Ambris c Kusal Perera b Malinga 5(6) [4s-1]
2.1
Malinga to Gayle, leg byes, 1 run, change of pace from Malinga, slower ball on Gayle's pads, he was looking to work it to the on-side and gets an inside edge onto the pad, a single to square leg, given as a leg-bye though
1.6
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, pushed through quicker and flatter, Gayle gets back and tucks it wide of mid-wicket for a single
1.5
Dhananjayade Silva to Ambris, 1 run, the seam-up delivery from DDS, swung back in from off, Ambris leans forward and works it to long-on
1.4
Dhananjayade Silva to Ambris, no run, tossed up well outside off, Ambris gets a big stride forward and finds mid-off with the drive
1.3
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 1 run, slower and well outside off, Gayle leans forward and drives it to long-off for a single
1.2
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, no run, beauty, the off-brea from DDS, slower and just outside off, Gayle was pushing forward as he played for the turn, this one went straight on and past the outside edge, didn't miss the off-stump by much
1.1
Dhananjayade Silva to Gayle, 2 runs, the slider from DDS, came from round the wicket and drifted into the left-hander, Gayle was prodding forward in defence and squirts an inside edge past leg slip
0.6
Malinga to Ambris, FOUR, lovely, too full and a hint of width outside off, Ambris leans forward, plays with an open face and finds the gap wide of cover-point, off the mark with a boundary - Ambris
0.5
Malinga to Ambris, no run, clever change of pace from Malinga, rolled his fingers across the seam on this slower ball, Ambris watches it all along and lets it go
0.4
Malinga to Ambris, no run, fuller length delivery and around the off-stump line, Ambris plays with an open face but can't get it past backward point
0.4
Malinga to Ambris, wide, Malinga goes searching for the inswinging yorker first-up, but he slides it down leg and Ambris misses the flick, called as a wide
0.3
Malinga to Gayle, 1 run, Malinga keeps it full and at the stumps, pushed in front of mid-off and Gayle scampers across for a quick single
0.2
Malinga to Gayle, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Gayle gets half-forward and defends it to the off-side
0.1
Malinga to Gayle, no run, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, luring Gayle into the drive, he went hard on the shot and is beaten on the outside edge
Commentary
Gayle,Gabriel,Brathwaite,Holder,Ambris,Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Malinga,Mathews,Udana,Thirimanne,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Mendis,Jeffrey Vandersay,Kasun Rajitha,Avishka Fernando
