49.6
Amir to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, steps out, slices off the splice over the covers. But Kedar clearly doesn't even want to chance his hammies in the quest of a remote second .. 336 it will be
49.5
Amir to Shankar, 1 run, lots of bottom-hand in this flick, powering the relentless tight full one to long-on
49.5
Amir to Shankar, wide, pushes it wider as it goes across. A walking leave, smartly
49.4
Amir to Shankar, FOUR, his first loosener in ages, and Shankar first shot with some authority. Wide, outside off and it's a swinging lofted chip over extra cover
49.3
Amir to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, bang on the base of middle. Jadhav quickly gets out his front leg, squeezing it inside-out to long-off
49.2
Amir to Kedar Jadhav, no run, wide slower tease. Jadhav edges his early-into-it slap, but luckily for him, the lack of pace doesn't get it to carry through to the keeper
49.1
Amir to Shankar, 1 run, to long-on, full on off. Shankar punches it down the ground, onto the pitch as the bump ball flies over the leaping bowler
48.6
Riaz to Shankar, 1 run, wide low full toss, sliced away through sweeper
48.5
Riaz to Shankar, 2 runs, short. Shankar pull, again, not off the middle of the bat, top-edging it over square leg
48.4
Riaz to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, short, cramping him up for room. Hurried pull it is off the gloves, behind square
48.3
Riaz to Kedar Jadhav, FOUR, dishes it bang in the slot. Jadhav will walk across, loft it through the line, going over mid-off
48.3
Riaz to Kedar Jadhav, wide, and Riaz's back to losing his radar - way, way outside off
48.2
Riaz to Shankar, 1 run, no control scoop. It was full and Shankar can barely toe-end this drive, just wide of mid-off
48.1
Riaz to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, lines up to dab it away to third man
48.1
Riaz to Kedar Jadhav, wide, wide full toss. Jadhav walks across but still doesn't try to over-hit. And he misses the under-hit
47.6
Amir to Kedar Jadhav, 1 run, just plain top-notch bowling. Really tight just outside off and run down to third man quietly. Four runs and Virat Kohli's scalp, and all of it in the 48th over to top it off
47.5
Amir to Kedar Jadhav, no run, rolls his fingers on this slower one. Tapped away to point
47.4
Amir to Virat Kohli, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! Whoa, whoa, whoa. Here's a headline -- Virat Kohli walks to his own self-conciousness. The umpire clearly wasn't going to raise the finger, and Sarfaraz too wasn't appealing for this, but no, Virat Kohli will walk off. A brute of a bouncer this from Amir, has it kicking up at a good head height which Virat Kohli tries to hook, tickling away to the keeper. And this will top it further - there is no deviation at all on the UltraEdge. There's clear daylight between bat and ball in fact. There was a sound though, but then Virat Kohli goes to the dressing room to indicate it to have come off the click in his bat's handle. Hmmm, the perils of ultra-honesty! wkt (5-314) min (105m). Virat Kohli c Sarfaraz b Amir 77(65) [4s-7]
47.3
Amir to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, short, wide, stabbed away through point. Softly enough
47.2
Amir to Shankar, 1 run, 135kph, yorker on middle, flicked away to long-on. And Virat Kohli isn't even keen on turning back for the second
47.1
Amir to Shankar, no run, shuffles, throws his hands out to slap one away through the covers. But no, is too close to connect
46.6
Riaz to Virat Kohli, FOUR, deft guide. Virat Kohli gets cute - gets a back of a length stuff with width and runs it past the keeper. Sarafraz takes time out of his yawning to now shout at Riaz ..
46.6
Riaz to Virat Kohli, wide, tries the foxing slow bumper. Virat Kohli tries his best to pull, but it's just too high, swatting all around it
46.5
Riaz to Shankar, 1 run, thick leading-edge. He tries to flick, but ends up squirting the miscue into the covers
46.4
Riaz to Shankar, no run, full, wide, wild slash, (obvious?) miss. There's no doubt a sound as the ball passes the bat through to the keeper. The umpire's convinced too. Shankar isn't though, he'll go up on DRS -- to stand vindicated with his bat smashing the ground to make that noise. But it may not be the worst thing from Pakistan's perspective to have Shankar on out there for longer
46.3
Riaz to Shankar, 2 runs, shorter, angling into the body. Hurried into the pull behind square awkwardly
46.2
Riaz to Shankar, no run, pitched up, Shankar drives through the line, but again, it's his usual problem of finding the fielders perfectly with these well-timed stroked. Mid-off it is now
46.1
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 118kph, way too short. Virat Kohli stands up to it, and then with the bat pointing upwards, slaps it through point. Understood? Well, even I didn't
45.6
Amir to Shankar, no run, arches behind in a lovely back-foot punch straight to point. Alas, elegance ain't you brownie points
45.5
Amir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, rib-lined. Virat Kohli jabs it away through square leg
45.4
Amir to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, stands up tall, with quite a cross-batted pull through mid-wicket
45.3
Amir to Shankar, 1 run, good length, closer to the stumps now for an easier run down to third man
45.2
Amir to Shankar, no run, remember what Mustafizur did to him in the Nidahas final? Yea, that. Back of a length, angling across and past Shankar's attempted dab
45.1
Amir to Ms Dhoni, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! The ugly hoick first up, and MSD in trying to unleash his younger avatar tries launching one downtown second ball. So not MS. Amir, once again the lone man managing to hold fort in this ship falling apart, gets it to angle across just a touch, gets a big fat nick through to the keeper wkt (4-298) min (2m). Ms Dhoni c Sarfaraz b Amir 1(2)
44.6
Hasan Ali to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, lines beside, with steers down to third man. Also, Hasan Ali has 84 against his name - the most expensive figures by a Pakistani bowler in a World Cup
44.5
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 1 run, those risk-averse tap-runs, into cover
44.4
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, slower waist high full toss, whacked away into mid-wicket, where Imam's dive cuts it off
44.3
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, FOUR, and more horrors down leg. More reverse but the line gets worse, and Virat Kohli keeps feasting them into fine leg
44.2
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, FOUR, there's reverse - yes - but Hasan for some weird reason is wasting all of it down leg. Virat Kohli won't complain, oh he'll laugh instead as he whips this into an empty fine leg -- also, 11K ODI runs for this machine, and he's surely had tougher runs to put away ..
44.1
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, no run, full outside off, carved away to extra cover. Rare, rare dot
43.6
Amir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, a nice full-faced straight push, smearing it all along the carpet to long-off
43.5
Amir to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Babar Azam!! Goes helicopter. But alas, this one is short on fuel -- getting the height only for somebody to pull the equivalent of the train's chain in getting it to land prematurely. So Pandya goes well deep in the crease, picks the longest part of the boundary - at long-on - and goes a little too hard at it, ungainly losing shape and picking out the reverse-cupping Babar out there wkt (3-285) min (24m). Hardik Pandya c Babar Azam b Amir 26(19) [4s-2 6s-1]
43.4
Amir to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, the horrors of slowed up stuff. Pandya can line them up, with really whippy wrists then to launch into then in depositing this with lots and lots of muscle into extra cover
43.3
Amir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, wide, making Virat Kohli stretch which he does to guide his slice backward of point
43.2
Amir to Virat Kohli, FOUR, now simply class. Virat Kohli doesn't bother moving one bit, standing right up there and smashing it straight back
43.1
Amir to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, cutter, slow of course, but Virat Kohli softens it further with a nudge in front of square .. 48+2 .. and it's 50*51
42.6
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, tucked away wristily into cow corner .. and Virat Kohli, who'd blinded by this shot calls for two immediately. And Pandya dare not disagree
42.5
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, no run, hard good length, cutting back in off the pitch as well to cut and cramp under Pandya's cramped cut
42.4
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, no, no. Hasan loses the plot with the mother of filth in this full toss on the pads -- and this time Pandya can time it right. Oh he better time at last this right. Heaved into fine leg
42.3
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, no run, another foxed slowed up one. Pandya swipes early yet again, and it's not even good to get the back of the bat either
42.2
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, SIX, the brutality of the back-of-the-bat miscues. So Pandya's shuffled, fooled by the slower ball as he swipes across the line way too early .. but the somehow, miraculously, the ball flies clearly off the backside face all the way too. Ahh, let's restart those spring in bat rumours!
42.1
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 123kph, length, fifth-stumped. Virat Kohli has a big stride close, bat-pad stuck in tapping it in front of cover
41.6
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 137kph, angling into the body. Virat Kohli's hopping, tucking them softly round the corner
41.5
Riaz to Virat Kohli, no run, another top cramped full one. Virat Kohli can only just keep it out
41.4
Riaz to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, yorker on off, jammed away into off
41.3
Riaz to Hardik Pandya, no run, 142kph. Banged short, hurrying into Pandya's pull -- which ends up being more a tennis forehand off the toe-end back down the pitch
41.2
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, more pace dished out. This time Virat Kohli uses it, just sticking it down to third man
41.1
Riaz to Virat Kohli, FOUR - it may've been 144kph - but no, Virat Kohli's lofted drives are the showstopper. Pitched up in the slot and he flows through the line, tonking it over mid-off, which is all he has to do
40.6
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, 117kph, tummy-lined. Pandya can line this up, wait, and then knock it softly into mid-wicket to pinch another one of these quick braces
40.5
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 139kph, full again, blockhole, jammed flick, long-on it is
40.4
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, massive bottom-handed whip, using the tail in to smash it into fine leg
40.3
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, no run, the choppy edge .. but falls short. A finger-cutter from Hasan here, outside off, enticing a cut which Pandya is clearly early into -- outside-edges and Sarfaraz can never dive into that
40.2
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 1 run, 138kph, another neat yorker, middle now, with Virat Kohli flicking behind square .. India == 250
40.1
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, 138kph, one of those rare yorkers on point. It's on off, and it's neatly squeezed down the ground
39.6
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, sloppy in the field have been Pakistan. Virat Kohli bunts the short ball to wide long-on and Malik's sloppy effort helps him to come back for two
39.5
Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, eases the fullish delivery to long-off and brings skipper back on strike
39.4
Shadab Khan to Hardik Pandya, no run, vicious legbreak outside off, Hardik Pandya goes for a drive but gets beaten due to the spin. Virat Kohli walks upto Hardik and gives him some advice
39.3
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, opens his bat face and glides the short ball to short third man for a single
39.2
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, not great fielding there. Virat Kohli cuts the short ball to deep point, puts pressure on the fielder and takes two more
39.1
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, FOUR, short and punished! Virat Kohli picks the length early, camps back and pulls the short ball over mid-wicket. Plenty of power on that blow as it'll fetch him four more
38.6
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, no run, steep carry on this short ball, Pandya attempts a cut but gets beaten
38.5
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, back of a length around middle and leg, Hardik Pandya works it through mid-wicket for a couple of runs more
38.4
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, short and wide outside off, Hardik Pandya chops it to deep point for a brace. Well stopped near the fence
38.3
Hasan Ali to Hardik Pandya, no run, on a length around middle and leg, nudged into the leg side by Hardik Pandya
38.2
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, out Caught by Riaz!! Rohit Sharma departs in his quest to play a fancy shot and slams his bat in frustration on his way back to the pavilion. Was a length delivery by Hasan Ali and Rohit Sharma was looking to scoop it over short fine leg. However, he doesn't get the timing right and ends up handing an easy catch to Riaz inside the ring. An excellent knock by the Hitman comes to an end. Well played boy! wkt (2-234) min (153m). Rohit Sharma c Riaz b Hasan Ali 140(113) [4s-14 6s-3]
38.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, stand and deliver! It doesn't matter even if there are 15 fielders out there, Rohit Sharma will still get a boundary. Stands tall and pulls the short ball into the gap at deep mid-wicket
37.6
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, eases the fullish delivery to mid-on for a single
37.5
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, short of a length outside off, Rohit Sharma scythes it to square third man for a couple of runs
37.4
Riaz to Virat Kohli, leg byes, 1 run, at the hips by Riaz and it's been clipped to square leg by Virat Kohli
37.3
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short ball at the hips and it's been helped to fine leg off one leg once again
37.2
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, another excellent shot by Ro! A short ball at the hips and the opener uses the pace on this ball. Gets into position and picks it over short fine leg. A flamingo-like shot and that's four more
37.1
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Virat Kohli opens his bat face and glides it down to third man
36.6
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, 1 run, flighted delivery around middle and leg, Virat Kohli drives it down to long-on
36.5
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shimmies down the wicket and drives this one to long-off for a single
36.4
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, 1 run, floated around off and it's been driven to wide long-off by Virat Kohli
36.3
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, on the shorter side, width on offer and it's been chopped through point by Rohit Sharma
36.2
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, 1 run, very full delivery by Imad and it's been driven crisply to long-on by VK
36.1
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, no run, flatter outside off, Virat Kohli is watchful as he deflects it towards short third man
35.6
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, on the shorter side from round the wicket, Virat Kohli shuffles across and glances it down to fine leg
35.5
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short of a length outside off, Rohit Sharma slices it down to third man and gets the skipper back on strike
35.4
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, back of a length around middle and leg, Rohit Sharma works it through mid-wicket for a couple of runs more
35.3
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, he's finding the gaps in all parts of the field. A short ball by Riaz and Rohit Sharma cuts it over backward point. Beats the fielder at square third man comfortably and adds four more to his account
35.2
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a length outside off, Rohit Sharma rides the bounce and punches it towards the man at point
35.1
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, sharp short ball by Riaz that cramps up the batsman. Virat Kohli was in an awkward position but he hacks the short ball into the leg side. As he wasn't in complete control of the shot, the ball stuck the bat's sticker and rolled into the leg side
34.6
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, plays this with soft hands into the leg side, does Rohit Sharma, was a flatter delivery by Wasim to end the over
34.5
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, boundaries are flowing, doesn't matter how they come. Darted around off by Imad and Rohit Sharma gets an outside edge as he tries to knock it with lack of footwork. Had there been a slip this could have been a straight forward chance
34.4
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted deliver around off, tad fuller and it's been guided back to the bowler by Rohit Sharma
34.3
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, flicks the floated delivery through mid-wicket and manages to take two more
34.2
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, 1 run, comes on his front foot and drills the loopy delivery to wide long-off for an easy single. 200 up for India and the decibels at Old Trafford go up a notch higher
34.1
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, no run, floated around off, Virat Kohli plays it with soft hands towards short third man
33.6
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, on the shorter side this ball by Shadab and Rohit Sharma nudges it with soft hands through mid-wicket, scampers back for the second by the time the throw comes in
33.5
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, nelson comes up for Rohit Sharma - 111*. Goes down on his knee and connects his sweep as the ball rockets away to the deep mid-wicket fence. Such a sweetly timed shot that was
33.4
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, sharp legbreak outside off, turns viciously and the batsman leaves it alone
33.3
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, floated on off and it's been driven through covers by Virat Kohli, nicely placed into the gap
33.2
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, slider on a short length outside off, Rohit Sharma attempts a cut and gets an inside edge towards short third man
33.1
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, Shadab drops this one a touch short on seeing Rohit Sharma charge down the wicket. The batsman does well to adjust and slice it to point, can't find the gap though
32.6
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shortish delivery on the stumps, Rohit Sharma punches it to long-on
32.5
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, 1 run, driven down to long-on
32.4
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, punched away to sweeper cover
32.3
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, oh chipped uppishly to cover, Rohit Sharma was slightly early into the push-drive, fell just short of the fielder
32.2
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, 1 run, shortish and around the off stump, Virat Kohli punches it through mid-on
32.1
Imad Wasim to Virat Kohli, no run, flatter delivery outside off stump, Virat Kohli dabs and mistimes to backward point
31.6
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, spinning away outside off stump, Virat Kohli pushes it towards cover
31.5
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, bottom-hand drive past short cover to the left of long-off
31.4
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, no run, doesn't turn much, Virat Kohli defends off the front foot
31.3
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, widish ball, so Rohit Sharma reaches out and cuts to backward point, fumble and they take a run
31.2
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, a firm drive off the front foot to long-off
31.1
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg stump, Rohit Sharma flicks it to long-on
30.6
Amir to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, short ball rising, Virat Kohli rolls his wrists on the pull shot to send it along the ground to deep mid-wicket
30.5
Amir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, another easy guide to third man
30.4
Amir to Virat Kohli, 1 run, walks across and dabs to third man
30.3
Amir to Virat Kohli, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Virat Kohli defends to backward point
30.2
Amir to Virat Kohli, FOUR, oh delightfully driven along the ground through cover. Amir went searching full, Virat Kohli leans forward and smashes it past the fielder for four
30.1
Amir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, dabbed to third man
29.6
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, it's a hundred off just 85 balls in a big game against Pakistan. Great innings. To be honest, he didn't have to sweat much. Rohit Sharma has taken over from Dhawan, who normally bats swiftly when these two bat. Today he's not there, so he has taken control from him. Why doesn't he bat this briskly normally? Well, we will get there later. This was a short delivery, Rohit Sharma guided that through point and Virat Kohli was punching gloves with his deputy congratulating him for the effort. Everyone in the dressing room is up applauding and the crowd are very noisy
29.5
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, nice loop on the drive, Rohit Sharma waits and drives very well through cover, Imam runs quickly across to his left to save a couple of runs. Ro on 99 now and the crowd are on their feet
29.4
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, gets a good stride forward and drives this past short cover to long-off
29.3
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, again short and Rohit Sharma is happy punching that off the back foot to deep cover
29.2
Shadab Khan to Virat Kohli, 1 run, seemed like the straighter one, Virat Kohli punched to long-on
29.1
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Rohit Sharma drives to sweeper cover
28.6
Amir to Virat Kohli, no run, full and angled across, Amir wants Virat Kohli to play away from the body, but Virat Kohli is aware of the trap and lets the ball pass
28.5
Amir to Virat Kohli, no run, softly defended right under his eyes
28.4
Amir to Virat Kohli, no run, now Virat Kohli goes back and across to negate the away-going angle and punches the short of length delivery into the off-side
28.3
Amir to Virat Kohli, no run, the angle across Virat Kohli troubling him on that occasion. He loves guiding the ball to third man, so he tries one now and this scrambled seam delivery nips away off the pitch and almost takes the edge
28.2
Amir to Virat Kohli, no run, nicely behind the line to defend this short of length delivery off the back foot
28.1
Amir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, good length delivery on the stumps, Rohit Sharma flicks into the on-side
27.6
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, lets the ball come and dabs to short third man. Riaz seems to be tiring, this is his third over of the spell
27.6
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, wide, full toss well outside the line
27.5
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, guided away to third man
27.4
Riaz to Virat Kohli, no run, oh extra bounce and into the gloves. Virat Kohli was getting behind the line of this short of length delivery, but it jumped and put Virat Kohli in a spot of bother
27.3
Riaz to Virat Kohli, no run, solid in defence is the Indian captain
27.2
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short delivery on the leg stump, Rohit Sharma helps it away nicely to long leg
27.1
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, no run, fullish and on the stumps, Rohit Sharma defends to short mid-wicket
26.6
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, inside edge to backward square leg. Virat Kohli wants two, he takes the first one very quickly and returns. He walked towards the bowler to push this through the off-side, got away with the edge
26.5
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, leg-side ball, easy glance to fine leg
26.4
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, defended to point
26.3
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Rohit Sharma defends off the back foot, may have just moved away slightly, so Rohit Sharma defended that
26.2
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, SIX, this is Rohit Sharma Sharma for you. The bowler bowled a very good first ball so he respected that by letting it pass, now he pounces on a really bad ball and smashes it effortlessly for six. Short and wide, Rohit Sharma used the pace of the bowler as he cut late, opened the face of the bat to get it over backward point. Indian fans will remember the upper cuts of legends Tendulkar and Sehwag in the 2003 game
26.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, nice zip through to the keeper. 139kph fullish delivery, left alone
25.6
Riaz to Virat Kohli, no run, oh hit on the pad, soft half-appeal from Riaz, but it was missing leg stump. Virat Kohli failed to connect the flick shot and wore it on the pad, Riaz beat Virat Kohli with the angle on this short of length delivery
25.5
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Rohit Sharma drives it to sweeper cover
25.4
Riaz to Virat Kohli, 1 run, easy tap-and-run single to cover-point. 150 up for India, just another reason to clear the throats for the crowd
25.3
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, gets on top of the bounce to this short of length delivery and sends it to third man
25.2
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, a neat cover-drive, full delivery, Rohit Sharma plays all along the ground and plays it to deep extra-cover
25.1
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, no run, oh interesting run-up from Riaz. He started from behind the umpire and ran across to the left as he approached the crease, the batsman would have been blinded for a wee bit, delivers a length delivery but Rohit Sharma has no problems defending
24.6
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, no run, gets right behind the line of this short of length delivery and defends
24.5
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 2 runs, short ball, Virat Kohli mistimes the pull, no one at mid-wicket, so easy two
24.4
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, guided away to the right of third man
24.3
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, oh almost chopped on. Hasan Ali had Rohit Sharma jumping in the crease to dab this late to third man, this short of length delivery jumped on him, lucky that the edge flew past the sticks to the fine leg fence
24.2
Hasan Ali to Virat Kohli, 1 run, great shot to get off the mark. Short and wide outside off stump, Virat Kohli cuts hard, plays along the ground and hit it to deep point. Finding the middle of the bat early in the innings is a great feeling
24.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, lets the ball come and then runs it down to third man
24.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, wide, that's way outside off stump, Rohit Sharma fails to put bat on ball as he tries to reach out
23.6
Riaz to Virat Kohli, no run, shortish and wide outside off stump, Virat Kohli jumps and defends
23.5
Riaz to Kl Rahul, out, Caught by Babar Azam!! And Pakistan have a wicket. Soft dismissal for Kl Rahul. Maybe Riaz should thank Erasmus for that warning, which made him change to round the wicket. This was a friendly full delivery, not much of movement, Kl Rahul seemed a little early into the shot. Just lunged into the drive and didn't control the shot. Straight to the man at cover. Kl Rahul will be kicking himself for missing out on a big score, but he's done a pretty good job wkt (1-136) min (94m). Kl Rahul c Babar Azam b Riaz 57(78) [4s-3 6s-2]
23.4
Riaz to Kl Rahul, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Kl Rahul punched into the off-side
23.3
Riaz to Kl Rahul, no run, short and rising, Kl Rahul is hopping in his defence
23.2
Riaz to Kl Rahul, no run, defends with soft hands, so soft that the ball threatened to roll back and disturb the stumps
23.2
Riaz to Kl Rahul, wide, tries the bouncer, but bowls down the leg-side
23.1
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Rohit Sharma dabs to third man
22.6
Hafeez to Kl Rahul, no run, paddle-sweep again, but can't beat short fine leg
22.5
Hafeez to Kl Rahul, SIX, oh this is a brilliant hit! Kl Rahul gave himself a lot of room to free the off-side, didn't bother hitting against the turn and Hafeez anyway doesn't turn the ball much, so as soon the ball landed full in front of Kl Rahul, he lofted that handsomely over long-off for a maximum
22.4
Hafeez to Kl Rahul, no run, leans forward and defends to mid-wicket
22.3
Hafeez to Kl Rahul, no run, now Kl Rahul jumps down the pitch to tee off, plays an inside-out drive and picks out the man at cover
22.2
Hafeez to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, dabs to short third man now
22.1
Hafeez to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, great use of the feet and then a powerful swing of the bat. Flighted ball on the stumps, Rohit Sharma gets close to the pitch of the ball and powers Hafeez back over the ump's head
21.6
Shoaib Malik to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, down the leg-side again, Rohit Sharma flicks it to backward square leg
21.5
Shoaib Malik to Kl Rahul, 1 run, paddled to short fine leg
21.4
Shoaib Malik to Kl Rahul, SIX, this is a top shot, may have wanted a bit more distance on it though. Malik dropped this short, Kl Rahul quickly went deep into his crease and pulled this ball, didn't come from the middle of the bat, but split the gap between deep mid-wicket and deep backward square leg perfectly to raise his fifty. Been a patient innings
21.3
Shoaib Malik to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, again leg-side from Shoaib Malik, Rohit Sharma tucks to square leg
21.2
Shoaib Malik to Kl Rahul, 1 run, wristed away off the back foot to deep mid-wicket
21.1
Shoaib Malik to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off stump from round the wicket, defended into the off-side towards cover
20.6
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, turned to deep square leg, they are coming back for the second run, Rohit Sharma looks a bit tired as he completed that second run. He was stretching his strides and didn't look brisk
20.5
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, Imad Wasim looks to dive and stop the ball at short mid-wicket but it escapes to long-on
20.4
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this is a nice-looking cover-drive from Kl Rahul after being hurried by this full ball, Kl Rahul drives it to sweeper cover
20.3
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, steered to short third man
20.2
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, short and there was a bit of width on this one, Kl Rahul cuts hard, but hits it to the man sweeping the cover boundary
20.1
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flat and straight, Rohit Sharma hangs back and punches it to long-on
19.6
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, no run, premeditated the reverse sweep and has missed out on a full toss. The look on his face tells you he is disappointed. It was on leg-stump and had he stayed put, Kl Rahul could have deposited this into the crowd, but since he had set up for the reverse sweep, he hits it straight to backward point
19.5
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, no run, slower and turning away, Kl Rahul plays it with soft hands to backward point
19.4
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, floated up outside off, Rohit Sharma eases it past cover and crosses over
19.3
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit Sharma wanted to mow it to the leg-side, but Shadab was smart enough to bowl it very full, Rohit Sharma adjusts and jams it hard into the ground in front of backward point
19.2
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, drifts and turns away slightly, Rohit Sharma prods forward and blocks it back
19.1
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tap and run - that is all India need to do against good deliveries. Kl Rahul eases it square on the off-side and Rohit Sharma responds to the call of the single
18.6
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 93kph fuller delivery outside off, Kl Rahul leans into the drive to sweeper cover
18.5
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, drifts in the air, Kl Rahul prods forward and drops it dead near his feet
18.4
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, slower and on off-stump, Kl Rahul walks into the drive and hits it back to Imad
18.3
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, flighted outside off, Kl Rahul moves forward and slices the forward push to point
18.2
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, 93kph quicker delivery around off, Kl Rahul brings his bat down in time to stab it into the off-side
18.1
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flattish delivery outside off, Rohit Sharma punches it to sweeper cover
17.6
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, no run, flighted outside off, Kl Rahul once more is well forward to push it to cover
17.5
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, no run, floated up around off, Kl Rahul plunges forward and blocks with soft hands
17.4
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Rohit Sharma comes forward and drives to long-off
17.3
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, 1 run, the flags are up as India bring up the 100. A handshake between the two openers. Michael Clarke also informs that this the first 100-run opening stand for India against Pakistan in a World Cup. Kl Rahul opens the bat face and directs it square on the off-side to bring up the milestone
17.2
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, no run, nice loop on the leg-break, Kl Rahul negates it with a big stride forward
17.1
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, no run, flighted outside off, Kl Rahul presses forward and shoulders arms
16.6
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, arrowed in at the stumps, Kl Rahul knocks it off the back foot past a diving Imad
16.5
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, flatter and around off, Kl Rahul knocks it to point and there's a loud call of "no"
16.5
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, wide, darted down leg and Kl Rahul cannot connect with his attempted paddle slap, wide called
16.4
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, uses the drift Imad is generating to work a single down to long-on, it was a tad uppish but well wide of mid-wicket
16.3
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, these two are so good in maneuvering the field. Kl Rahul opens the bat face at the last instant to place this wide of cover
16.2
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, lands it full and outside off, Rohit Sharma eases the forward push to long-off
16.1
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tossed up around off, Kl Rahul presses forward and drives it to long-off
15.6
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, 1 run, on the shorter side, Kl Rahul goes forward and back to crack it to sweeper cover
15.5
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tad too full than Shadab would have liked, Rohit Sharma wrists it away to long-on
15.4
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower and spinning away, Rohit Sharma stays on top of the ball and blocks to backward point
15.3
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, this is not a good shot. He tries to play the sweep when the ball is turning, doesn't pick the right one as well as the ball is too full, sneaks past his swinging willow and goes through to Sarfaraz
15.2
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, turn for Shadab. Flighted around off, Rohit Sharma plunges forward to defend but does not account for the spin, the ball catches the shoulder of the blade and rolls past the vacant slip
15.1
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, wow! That is a classy shot. Fraction short and turning away, Rohit Sharma waits back in the crease and opens the bat face at the point of contact to steer it behind point - past diving backward point and short third man
14.6
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, fired in flat and outside off, Kl Rahul is on the back foot to play the punch to cover
14.5
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Rohit Sharma strides forward and drives to long-off
14.4
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, opens the bat face and directs it straight to point
14.3
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, tossed up around off, Kl Rahul opens the bat face and runs it to short third man, quick single
14.2
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, flighted outside off, Rohit Sharma drives it away to sweeper cover
14.1
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, drifting in with the arm, Kl Rahul eases it down to long-on
13.6
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, loops it up outside off, Rohit Sharma prods forward and defends it to point
13.5
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, 1 run, low dipping full toss outside off, Kl Rahul plays a whippy drive along the ground to long-off
13.4
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, no run, goes back to a delivery to which he should have been forward, knocks it back to Shadab
13.3
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Rohit Sharma opens the bat face at the last second to place the drive past cover
13.2
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, nice and slow outside off, Rohit Sharma plays it with soft hands into the off-side and wants a run, Kl Rahul is not interested
13.1
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, 1 run, flighted outside off, Kl Rahul crouches low and wrists it past a diving Shadab, single to long-on
12.6
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, floated up outside off, Rohit Sharma opens the bat face and directs it to backward point
12.5
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, flighted on the stumps, Rohit Sharma eases it the forward push back to Imad
12.4
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, tosses it up slightly, Rohit Sharma pushes it firmly towards cover
12.3
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, fraction short and Kl Rahul punches it to sweeper cover, for a single
12.2
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, quicker and just outside off, Kl Rahul presses forward and has a feel for the ball, beaten
12.1
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, flatter and around off, Kl Rahul steers it to backward point and the single is not on
11.6
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, no run, tossed up around off, Rohit Sharma plunges forward and defends it solidly
11.5
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, fifty for Rohit Sharma. There are no roofs at Manchester but if there were they would be coming down now. Such is the noise. A fifty off 34 balls and his third 50+ score in tournament. What a start he's had to the World Cup. He raises his bat and acknowledges all the applause from the crowd and his team mates. Coming to the ball - offers width with a quicker delivery, Rohit Sharma bends low and square drives it through point, the ball keeps going away from sweeper cover
11.4
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, SIX, this is just rubbish from Shadab. Three long hops and now a full bunger, Rohit Sharma is not going to miss out with such gifts, he uses his power to nail the big hit into the crowd near deep mid-wicket
11.3
Shadab Khan to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, half tracker and Rohit Sharma is disappointed that he didn't get a four/six. He rocks back and pulls it to wide long-on and Hassan Ali does well to cover some ground and flick it in play, saved two
11.2
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, 1 run, another drag down and Kl Rahul cracks it straight to sweeper cover
11.1
Shadab Khan to Kl Rahul, FOUR, loosener from Shadab to start his spell and Kl Rahul gleefully accepts the freebie - short and outside off, Kl Rahul rocks back in the crease and cuts it square on the off-side, no chance for the sweeper in the deep
10.6
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, no run, bit of air given this time and Rohit Sharma comes forward to defend
10.5
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, oh another tight single between these two. Kl Rahul drops it into the off-side and sets off, Rohit Sharma responds and a better throw from a flying Shadab would have had him in trouble. The leggie was in the air as he let go of the ball and it was well wide of Sarfaraz
10.4
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, this is better bowling from Imad. He gets one to straighten of the deck, Kl Rahul is caught in the crease and he plays down the wrong line, the ball beats the outside edge and hits him on the back thigh
10.3
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, sliding on with the arm, Rohit Sharma nurdles it to short fine leg, where Riaz is caught on his heels
10.2
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 3 runs, steps out of the crease and chips it with the incoming drift over mid-wicket, just wanted to clear the fielder and he was able to do that with ease, the timing was excellent as the ball kept racing to the fence before it was stopped
10.1
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, FOUR, this is clever batting from Kl Rahul. He has seen Imad darting every delivery in the previous over, so he sets up for the paddle and uses the pace of the bowler to collect a boundary to fine leg
9.6
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, width and crashed away. Short and outside off, Rohit Sharma is all over it in a flash, he uses the depth of the crease and cracks the cut behind point, the speed of Riaz coupled with the timing of Rohit Sharma takes the ball to the fence in a jiffy
9.5
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, no run, bit of yes-no between Rohit Sharma and Kl Rahul. The former drops the back of a length delivery into the leg-side and his partner starts running, a loud from Rohit Sharma sends Kl Rahul back in time before mid-wicket gets to the ball
9.4
Riaz to Kl Rahul, 1 run, uses the angle with which Riaz is bowling, waits for the ball and steers it down to third man
9.3
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, again on the shorter side and Rohit Sharma gets behind the line before working it into the leg-side, for a single
9.2
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length around off, Rohit Sharma rides the bounce and pats it to backward point
9.1
Riaz to Kl Rahul, 1 run, run-out missed. The throw goes to the wrong end. Sarfaraz cannot believe it. Kl Rahul shuffles across and tucks the back of a length delivery through mid-wicket, he was happy with the single but Rohit Sharma was charging back for the second, Fakhar swooped in and fired the throw at the bowler's end, Kl Rahul was close to the crease and he made it back comfortably but Rohit Sharma had to run back and he does so before Malik relays it to Sarfaraz. Pakistan need to be better than that
8.6
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 100kph delivery on the pads, Kl Rahul leans forward and flicks it to deep mid-wicket. The speed kept increasing through the over and Wasim Akram quips, "He is the kind of bowler with his grip can't turn the ball. He just doesn't want to learn maybe."
8.5
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, offers no space as he fires it in at 98kph, Kl Rahul knocks it from the crease to mid-wicket
8.4
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, quicker and on off-stump, Kl Rahul preses forward and pushes it back to Imad
8.3
Imad Wasim to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 97kph faster delivery on middle, Rohit Sharma prods forward and works it square on the leg-side
8.2
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, 1 run, drifting in with the round the wicket angle, Kl Rahul stays back and nudges it past mid-wicket
8.1
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, no run, fired in flat at 94kph, Kl Rahul is on the back foot to knock it towards short mid-wicket
8.1
Imad Wasim to Kl Rahul, wide, starts with a dart down the leg-side, Kl Rahul moves inside the line and fails to meet with the glance
7.6
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, just over. Pakistan have to learn quickly. They cannot bowl short to Rohit Sharma on any side. This was on leg-stump, Rohit Sharma swivels on one-leg and helps the pull over short fine, got enough elevation to clear the leaping fielder
7.5
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, no run, 138kph good length delivery around off, Rohit Sharma prods forward and defends it back
7.4
Riaz to Kl Rahul, 1 run, on the shorter side and giving the batsman enough time to steer a single down to third man
7.3
Riaz to Kl Rahul, no run, short of length around off, Kl Rahul is back and across to block it down the wicket
7.2
Riaz to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, risky! This is not short enough from Riaz to play the pull, Rohit Sharma was on one-leg to play the shot but adjusts nicely in the end to help it around the corner - to square leg
7.1
Riaz to Kl Rahul, 1 run, starts with a back of a length delivery around the hips, flicked away to deep backward square
6.6
Amir to Kl Rahul, Byes, 1 run, pushed it too far outside off, just inside the tramline but Kl Rahul does not go chasing after it, Sarfaraz dives to his right and makes a half stop, rolls away far enough to help the batsmen rotate strike
6.5
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, ohh! That is close and even Amir knows it. He looks up at the heavens. Good length ball around off, Kl Rahul is tentative as he comes forward to defend, the ball holds its line and squirts off the inside edge to short fine leg. Not far away from the stumps
6.4
Amir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, this is smart batting. It is important to rotate strike and these two are doing it with ease. Rohit Sharma gets on top of the back of a length delivery and drops it with loose hands into the off-side, just looks up at his partner and off they go. Even though Imam manages to hit the stumps, Kl Rahul was in comfortably
6.3
Amir to Kl Rahul, 1 run, closer to the off-side and Kl Rahul decides to play it, he waits for the ball until the last second and plays it with soft hands behind point, past the diving fielder for a single
6.2
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, once more the angle is taking it away from the right hander, Kl Rahul shoulders arms
6.1
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, pushed it too far outside off, Kl Rahul is not tempted and he allows it to pass
5.6
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, SIX, first six of the game and the Indian contingent becomes vocal again. Very poor bowling from Hasan Ali. Tries to surprise India's best pull shot player with a short ball, Rohit Sharma is up for it, he rocks back and pulls it all the way over deep mid-wicket. The ball just managed to clear the boundary cushions
5.5
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, on a length and outside of, Rohit Sharma lifts his bat and lets it go
5.4
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, wow! That has been smashed. Short, wide and outside off, Rohit Sharma has got a hang of the surface now and is waiting for it, he transfers his weight back and cuts it uppishly past cover-point. Imam dived across to his left but the ball has bulleted past him in no time
5.3
Hasan Ali to Kl Rahul, 1 run, banged in halfway down, Kl Rahul plays a well controlled pull shot in front of square, he rolled his wrists and played it along the ground, but there is a fielder in the deep
5.2
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, shortens the length, Rohit Sharma is on his toes to ride the bounce, turns it into the leg-side and crosses over
5.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, good length ball close to off, Rohit Sharma plays it late and with a straight bat, rolls away in front of backward point
4.6
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, oh! That is smart bowling from Amir. He has already gone for the slower delivery. The 121kph delivery gripped and broke away around off-stump, Kl Rahul has a feel for the ball and is beaten on the outside edge. The ball bounces through to Sarfaraz
4.5
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length around off-stump, Kl Rahul is back and across to defend to point
4.4
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller and teasing the batsman outside off, Kl Rahul resists and lets it pass
4.3
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, that is where he needs to tighten up his game. He just struck a boundary and goes after a delivery that is not short enough, good length ball just outside off, Kl Rahul slashes and the inside edge evades the stumps
4.2
Amir to Kl Rahul, FOUR, first boundary for Kl Rahul but it was not that convincing. Banged in halfway down, Kl Rahul is a wee bit rushed on the pull but still manages to clear the infield in front of square, the rain has not slowed down the outfield, the ball has enough to reach the fence
4.1
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, that is a good leave. Amir is pegging away in the corridor of uncertainty, Kl Rahul is not enticed by it, he shuffles across to cover his sticks and then allows the ball to sail past him
3.6
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, bit of deck in and Rohit Sharma is forward to counter that, he ensures that the bat and pad are close together, that does not allow the inside edge to sneak past the gap, it hits the pad and drops into the off-side
3.5
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, good length ball close to off, Rohit Sharma respects it with a straight bat and blocks it back
3.4
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, loose! Yes, the delivery was fraction short and there was a bit of width, but Rohit Sharma is still getting used to the surface and is not set enough to play the horizontal bat shot, he cuts and is beaten on the outside edge. The ball swirls away after it passes the bat
3.3
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, shot! The first convincing boundary for India. It was a mere push from Rohit Sharma and the ball raced past the diving mid-off fielder. Fullish and outside off, Rohit Sharma eases it on the forward move and the timing is such that mid-off can't get around to stop it
3.2
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and keeps it in the channel outside off, Rohit Sharma presses forward and defends
3.1
Hasan Ali to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slanting in and ends up on the pads of Kl Rahul, clipped away to fine leg
2.6
Amir to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length on off-stump, Kl Rahul waits for the ball to arrive and turns it square on the leg-side, retains strike
2.5
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller than a good length and outside off, Kl Rahul covers the line and shoulders arms
2.4
Amir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, cramps the batsman for room with a short of length delivery, Rohit Sharma is made to hop a bit to counter that and he does well to stay behind the line, tucks it behins square leg and crosses over
2.3
Amir to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length slanted across the right hander, Rohit Sharma lifts his bat and lets it go
2.2
Amir to Rohit Sharma, no run, Amir has spotted him standing out and hits the deck hard for the bouncer, Rohit Sharma is not going to hang back against a short delivery, he instinctively takes it on and attempts the hook, the ball keeps climbing and beats the top-edge. One for the over says the umpire.. Great nut from Amir. Took off steeply and beat Rohit Sharma for pace. Ro acknowledges Amir's effort-ball with a smile
2.1
Amir to Rohit Sharma, no run, uhhh! Rohit Sharma is not sure whethere to play or leave. It was a back of a length delivery angled across off-stump, Rohit Sharma wanted to leave but is late in doing so, the ball hits the under-edge and rolls behind to the slip cordon
1.6
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs, too straight - on middle and leg, any subcontinent batsman would like it there, Rohit Sharma allows the ball to arrive before flicking it in front of square, long chase for Hafeez and he manages to get there in time, saves a run
1.5
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, slanting in from a length, Rohit Sharma closes the bat face and nurdles it backward of square leg, for a brace
1.4
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, shortens the length and gives Rohit Sharma ample time to get behind the line, the right hander is back and across to defend it solidly into the off-side
1.3
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, streaky! But Rohit Sharma and India are away. First runs on the board and there is a loud cheer. This is a typical Hasan Ali delivery - nips back in from a length and catches Rohit Sharma rooted to the crease, the bat comes down in the nick of time and the inside edge flies over the stumps
1.2
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, this one decks in ever so slightly. Rohit Sharma does not account for it, he does not come fully forward as he attempts to drive, the ball hits the inner portion of the bat and almost lobs back to Ali
1.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller delivery and even he does not get any movement from the surface, goes gun-barrel straight outside off, Rohit Sharma prods forward and pushes it firmly to mid-off
0.6
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, nope! Prefers to keep the left-armer's angle going and spears the good length delivery outside off, Kl Rahul has no problems with that line and is even happy to play out the maiden as he lets it pass
0.5
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length and slanted outside off, Kl Rahul covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go. He has pushed a couple of deliveries away from Kl Rahul, will he bring this one back in?
0.4
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, angled away from the right hander, Kl Rahul spots the line outside off and shoulders arms
0.3
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, 139kph from Amir. He goes searching for some swing with a full delivery, but it is a tad too full and Kl Rahul is able to present a straight bat as he knocks it to mid-on
0.2
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, once more keeps it in the same region - around the fourth stump line from a good length, Kl Rahul prods slightly forward and keeps his bat close to his body as he blocks it into the off-side
0.1
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, right on the money is Amir. He lands it on a good length and keeps it in the channel around off-stump, not much movement off the surface, Kl Rahul is right behind the line to defend it in front of point
Commentary
Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz, Wahab Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Bhuvneshwar Kumar ,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
