33.1
Holder to Stokes, FOUR, England win! This has been a one team show. They have totally been ruthless today. That was a full ball, Stokes created room and despite the ball cramping him, clipped it past mid-on for a four to complete the formalities
33.1
Holder to Stokes, no ball, 4, stamps the ball down past cover as it was dropped short. The man at mid-off gave a painful chase but failed to fetch it back. To make matters worse, it was a no-ball
32.6
Thomas to Root, no run, tucks the ball off the back foot into the on-side
32.5
Thomas to Stokes, 1 run, crunches the pull away for Allen in the deep to cut it off. One more. Number of runs needed now in single digits
32.4
Thomas to Root, 1 run, second ton of the WC. Root has been at his consistent best. He not only has anchored this chase but at the same time has maintained a good strike rate as well. Typical Root knock. That was short again and was pulled down to deep fine leg for a single
32.3
Thomas to Stokes, 1 run, plays the pull fine and gets it down to fine leg for a single. Root back on strike
32.2
Thomas to Stokes, no run, stabs the ball down to gully
32.1
Thomas to Root, 1 run, pulls the ball down and gets it behind square for a single. Root thought of a couple but decided against it. Moves to 99. The crowd wanted Root to take a brace there
31.6
Gabriel to Stokes, no run, bangs the ball short outside off and Stokes left it alone
31.6
Gabriel to Stokes, wide, wide of the innings is 15th. West Indies have been indisciplined, again. Poor delivery down leg and was wided as Stokes missed the tuck
31.5
Gabriel to Woakes, out Caught by (sub)Fabian Allen!! End of a good knock from Woakes. That was short, Woakes couldn't resist himself and pulled it to the deep mid region where Allen takes a fine catch. He had to cover some ground and he did so by charging at the ball wkt (2-199) min (78m). Woakes c (sub)Fabian Allen b Gabriel 40(54) [4s-4]
31.4
Gabriel to Root, 1 run, crunches the pull away but unfortunately finds the man at deep mid. One more added to his tally. Takes him to 98. 14 more to win
31.3
Gabriel to Root, 2 runs, fuller ball outside off and has been driven into the covers for a brace. Two more to the tally
31.3
Gabriel to Root, wide, slips the ball down leg and Root misses the pull. Another wide
31.2
Gabriel to Root, 2 runs, back footed punch into the covers for a brace. Woakes wanted a triple but Root wasn't interested
31.1
Gabriel to Root, no run, fuller ball on to the pads, clipped away to square leg
30.6
Thomas to Woakes, no run, better directed bouncer and Woakes ducks under it
30.5
Thomas to Woakes, no run, inside edges the ball on to the pads as he tried to hop up and defend
30.5
Thomas to Woakes, wide, bangs the ball short and it goes over the batter to be wided
30.4
Thomas to Woakes, no run, has been on the back foot and ends up pushing at a length ball without any feet, which of course were stuck inside the crease
30.3
Thomas to Woakes, no run, short delivery outside off and not enough room for the batter to carve the ball away to deep third man
30.3
Thomas to Woakes, wide, slightly short of length delivery down leg and Woakes misses the tuck
30.2
Thomas to Root, 1 run, clips the ball off the pads and gets it down to deep mid for a single
30.1
Thomas to Root, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Root comes on the front foot and drives it back to Thomas
29.6
Gabriel to Woakes, no run, nice short ball above the shoulder of the batter, who allows the ball to go through
29.5
Gabriel to Woakes, no run, looks to pull but mistimes the shot back at the bowler. Dot ball
29.4
Gabriel to Woakes, no run, and again the ball decks in for the batter to be hurried into a tuck into the off-side
29.3
Gabriel to Woakes, no run, that ball behaved like a pair of scissors. Cuts the batter into two halves as he was backing away. Some nip off the surface
29.2
Gabriel to Root, 3 runs, lovely on-drive down the ground and the man at mid-on somehow pulls it back. Long chase it was for Thomas. Moves into the 90s does Root
29.1
Gabriel to Woakes, 1 run, hops back and tucks it away into the on-side for a single
28.6
Gayle to Woakes, 1 run, spinning into the batsman, who knocks the ball past mid-wicket for a single
28.5
Gayle to Root, 1 run, tucks the ball down to long-on for a single
28.4
Gayle to Woakes, 1 run, full face of the bat into the push which sends the ball down to long-on
28.3
Gayle to Woakes, no run, knocks the ball out to mid-wicket
28.2
Gayle to Root, 1 run, one more to the tally as that was tucked off the pads
28.1
Gayle to Root, FOUR, timed to perfection! Goes back and punches the ball out to beat the man at sweeper cover. Four more
27.6
Brathwaite to Woakes, FOUR, not much of a gap but Woakes has pierced it! The man at square leg was in business but the pull shot evaded him and had enough momentum on it to beat the deep backward square and deep mid as well
27.5
Brathwaite to Woakes, no run, pushes at a length ball and outer-halves the delivery to point
27.4
Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, guides the length ball down to deep third man for a single
27.3
Brathwaite to Woakes, 1 run, clatters the ball away with a pull. But the man at deep mid throws it back
27.2
Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, fuller ball on the pads and has been clipped away to deep square leg. Going through the motions both the sides
27.1
Brathwaite to Root, no run, on a length and has been knocked out into the on-side. No room at all on this ball
26.6
Gayle to Woakes, no run, tucked away off the pads to find the fielder at short mid. Was fired in slightly quicker
26.5
Gayle to Root, 1 run, straight bat punch down to long-on for a single
26.4
Gayle to Woakes, 1 run, too slow, lot of air and has been swept away to deep square leg for a single
26.3
Gayle to Woakes, 2 runs, airy sweep and gets it over the man at 45 degrees for a brace
26.2
Gayle to Root, 1 run, drives the ball down to long-on for a single as that was really full
26.1
Gayle to Root, no run, too full, clipped to short mid
25.6
Brathwaite to Woakes, 2 runs, another short ball, another pull and the man at deep mid puts in the slide to cut it off. They get a brace
25.5
Brathwaite to Woakes, no run, tucks the ball off the hips, was uppish, finds the man at square leg. The ball lands on the bounce
25.4
Brathwaite to Woakes, 2 runs, uppish pull down to deep mid for a single. That was banged in outside off and Woakes dragged the pull down to the deep
25.3
Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, fuller ball and has been push driven down to mid-on for a single
25.2
Brathwaite to Woakes, 1 run, slower bouncer but Woakes despite picking it late pulls the ball down to long leg for a single
25.1
Brathwaite to Woakes, no run, fuller delivery outside off and has been mistimed away to mid-off
24.6
Gayle to Woakes, 1 run, luringly full and has been on-driven down to long-on for a single
24.5
Gayle to Root, 1 run, back footed tuck down to long-on for a single
24.4
Gayle to Woakes, 1 run, driven down to long-on for a single
24.4
Gayle to Woakes, wide, hundread th kph delivery and was fired down leg. The batter missed the sweep and it was wided
24.3
Gayle to Woakes, no run, quicker ball and has been pushed back to the bowler
24.2
Gayle to Woakes, no run, loopy ball, turned in and Woakes pushed forward to be hit on the front pad. But he managed to get his front pad away from the line of the sticks and that helped him
24.1
Gayle to Root, 1 run, flatter ball and has been punched into the covers for a single
23.6
Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, hops up and cuts the ball down to deep third man for a single
23.5
Brathwaite to Root, no run, hops back and tucks the ball out to mid-on
23.4
Brathwaite to Woakes, 1 run, bangs the ball in and Woakes pulls the ball down to deep mid for a single
23.4
Brathwaite to Woakes, wide, slower delivery down leg and has been missed. Wided
23.3
Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, the short ball saga is getting into the montonous zone. That was bumped in at 129kph and didn't ruffle any feathers as far as the batter was concerned. Pulled to deep mid
23.2
Brathwaite to Woakes, 1 run, off the hips and has been tucked out into the on-side for a single
23.1
Brathwaite to Woakes, no run, fuller ball and has been clipped to mid-wicket as that was attacking the sticks
22.6
Gayle to Woakes, leg byes, 1 run, much much slower in pace. Plenty of hang time and the batter missed the tuck. The ball hit the pads and rolled away towards short fine amidst loud cry from Gayle
22.5
Gayle to Root, 1 run, goes back and tucks the ball fine for a single
22.4
Gayle to Root, no run, straight-batted clip and it finds the man at short mid
22.4
Gayle to Root, wide, slips that down leg and has been wided as Root missed the sweep
22.3
Gayle to Root, no run, quicker at the sticks and has been knocked to mid-wicket
22.2
Gayle to Woakes, 1 run, shorter and it allows the batter time to tuck the ball away to deep square for a single
22.1
Gayle to Woakes, no run, goes back and tucks it out to short mid. Little turn into the batter
21.6
Brathwaite to Root, no run, where is the change up ball? Again short. Root has been camping on the back foot and hops back to poke the ball out into the off-side
21.5
Brathwaite to Woakes, 1 run, no real oomph in that short ball which has been pulled to deep square leg. Easy peasy for Woakes
21.4
Brathwaite to Root, 1 run, short again, pulled again, finds the man at deep square for a single
21.3
Brathwaite to Root, FOUR, a surgeon who holds a bat, Root, clinically bisects the two men at deep fine and deep square to perfection with his controlled pull. Just pure timing as he leant force behind the ball by rolling his wrists over that short ball
21.2
Brathwaite to Root, no run, on a length, attacking the sticks, Root stays behind the line of the ball and pushes it out into the off-side
21.1
Brathwaite to Woakes, 1 run, slips the ball down on to the pads and has been tucked away to deep square leg for a single
20.6
Gayle to Root, no run, loopy ball down leg and has been swept away hard but disappointingly it again finds the man at short fine leg
20.5
Gayle to Root, no run, stays deep in his crease and tucks it fine but finds the man at short fine leg
20.4
Gayle to Root, no run, tossed up delivery turning down and Root misses the tuck. Little bit of an appeal which dies down pretty quickly
20.3
Gayle to Woakes, 1 run, punches the ball down to long-on, was uppish, and they get a single. The ball seemed to have stopped on the batter a bit
20.2
Gayle to Woakes, no run, clips the ball off the pads and finds the man at mid-wicket
20.1
Gayle to Woakes, no run, flatter delivery and has been pushed out to point
19.6
Thomas to Root, FOUR, smashed! 142kph short of length delivery and it sat up for a well-set Root, who is quick to rock back and muscle the pull wide of mid-wicket. He absolutely nailed it!
19.5
Thomas to Root, 2 runs, short of length around off, Root pulls in front of square and scampers back for two more
19.4
Thomas to Root, 2 runs, very full and outside off, Root bends down and opens the bat face to direct it behind square on the off-side, third man has some ground to cover and he cannot prevent the second
19.3
Thomas to Woakes, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Woakes dabs it away to third man
19.2
Thomas to Woakes, no run, again, short and outside off, Woakes hops and does not get the punch off the middle, allows Allen to get across from point and stop the ball from going further
19.1
Thomas to Woakes, FOUR, another freebie to start the over. Short and plenty of room outside off, Woakes cracks the cut square on the off-side and there is no one sweeping on the off-side fence
18.6
Brathwaite to Root, no run, full and on off-stump, Root flicks it to mid-wicket and finds Gayle in the way
18.5
Brathwaite to Root, FOUR, why is mid-off so in and square? Root is just knocking 'em to the fence. Another full delivery and Root eases it past Holder, Bravo gives chase from mid-on and flicks the ball in, but his leg was in contact with the ad triangles
18.4
Brathwaite to Root, 2 runs, short of length on off, Root swivels and pulls it past backward of square, Thomas makes the stop but doesn't get his footing right, allowing the batsmen to race back for the second
18.3
Brathwaite to Root, no run, fullish and around off, Root pushes it firmly to the left of Brathwaite, who collects and fires a throw at the striker's end. Root was in and not in trouble of being caught short
18.2
Brathwaite to Root, no run, fuller and at the stumps, Root turns it softly into the leg-side
18.1
Brathwaite to Root, FOUR, a gentle loosener and Root is well-set to put it away. A half volley outside off, Root just had to place it in the gap and he drives it straight of mid-off, where Holder is well in, the timing takes care of the rest
17.6
Holder to Root, 1 run, fifty for Root. The crowd at Southampton goes Roooootttt. Third fifty plus score for England's premier batsman in this World Cup. He responds to the applause with a bat raise. Opening the batting for the first time in ODIs and he has a fifty to his name. Shows the class of the player. Coming to the ball - Full and angled into the pads, flicked away to deep square leg
17.5
Holder to Woakes, 1 run, in the air.. on the bounce to deep mid-wicket. Woakes takes on the short ball and is a bit cramped for room, he mistimes it over mid-wicket and is fortunate that it didn't carry to Brathwaite
17.4
Holder to Woakes, no run, short of length and Woakes has to hop up to fend it safely into the leg-side
17.3
Holder to Woakes, no run, fuller than a good length and Woakes is still reluctant to come forward, blocked from the crease
17.2
Holder to Root, 1 run, good length ball outside off, Root opens the bat face and runs it down to third man
17.1
Holder to Root, no run, short of length close to off, Root gets on his toes to ride the bounce and defend to the off-side
16.6
Gabriel to Woakes, no run, Gabriel still persisting with the short stuff, Woakes fails to connect with the pull and the ball beats his top-edge
16.5
Gabriel to Woakes, no run, bouncer around off-stump, Woakes tries to ramp it over the 'keeper but the ball keeps climbing on him
16.4
Gabriel to Woakes, FOUR, smashed! West Indies are telegraphing their plans and it is helping the England batsmen to set themselves up. The short ball and Woakes was waiting for it, transfered his weight back and nails the pull in front of square through the vacant mid-wicket region
16.3
Gabriel to Root, 1 run, fraction short and outside off, Root back cuts it behind point, just a single as third man tidies up
16.2
Gabriel to Root, no run, back of a length around off, Root gets behind the line and defends to the off-side
16.1
Gabriel to Root, FOUR, fabulous shot! He looks so good while playing the drive. This was marginally overpitched and that was enough for Root, he goes down on his back knee and creams the drive right through cover and mid-off
15.6
Holder to Woakes, no run, short of length and outside off, Woakes rides the bounce and plays it with soft hands towards backward point
15.5
Holder to Woakes, 2 runs, fuller and outside off, Woakes once again does not move his feet much but has nice hands to maneuver the drive wide of cover, just a gentle push and he scamper back for the second
15.4
Holder to Woakes, no run, shortens the length outside off, Woakes drops it with soft hands in front of cover
15.3
Holder to Woakes, no run, good length ball around off, Woakes stays back and bunts it to point
15.2
Holder to Root, 1 run, short of length angled in, tucked away round the corner - to fine leg
15.1
Holder to Root, no run, back of a length around off, Root hops and punches it towards cover, where Gayle goes down in installments to make the stop. There is a loud cheer and the Universe Boss acknowledges it in his typical style by putting his hands up while still on the ground
14.6
Gabriel to Woakes, FOUR, the extra ball costs him a boundary. It was in the air but Woakes had nailed it past Gabriel. Goes for the pitched up delivery after the bouncer, Woakes drives with minimal footwork right past the bowler and there was no need to run for that
14.6
Gabriel to Woakes, wide, bouncer at the batsman, Woakes pulls and misses, the ball flies over the top-edge and the square leg umpire calls it a wide for height. Gabriel and some of the West Indies players are not happy
14.5
Gabriel to Woakes, no run, back of a length around off, Woakes is nicely behind the line to defend to point
14.4
Gabriel to Bairstow, out Caught by Brathwaite!! Needless! He has thrown it away. The man at mid-wicket was pushed back after the previous boundary, so what does Bairstow do? He makes room to go over the off-side, the short ball once again and he plays the upper cut straight down the throat of third man. Brathwaite didn't have to do much, he just allowed the ball to settle into his big hands wkt (1-95) min (72m). Bairstow c Brathwaite b Gabriel 45(46) [4s-7]
14.3
Gabriel to Bairstow, FOUR, that's a proper hack. The predictability of Gabriel's length allowed Bairstow to play this shot. He was waiting for the short of length delivery with a cleared front leg, once he got it in that zone he smashed it past mid-wicket. Not a muscle moved in the field
14.2
Gabriel to Bairstow, no run, good length ball that hits the splice of Bairstow's willow, he went with hard hands and the bat turned on impact, the ball dribbles away in front of mid-on
14.2
Gabriel to Bairstow, wide, bumper on the stumps, Bairstow does not have to do much as there is plenty of height, wide called
14.1
Gabriel to Bairstow, 2 runs, hurried by the short of length delivery and hence Bairstow gloves the pull in front of fine leg, since the ball rolled slowly towards the fielder the duo were able to push for the second
13.6
Holder to Root, 2 runs, short and wide of off, Root stands tall and pulls it wide of deep mid-wicket for a brace
13.5
Holder to Bairstow, 1 run, stands tall and works that back of a length to the on-side for a single
13.5
Holder to Bairstow, wide, delivers this one down the leg-side and umpire punishes him by signalling it as a wide
13.4
Holder to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow absolutely nailed the pull shot, but finds mid-wicket to perfection. A meter either side of mid-wicket and that would have been a boundary to Bairstow
13.3
Holder to Root, 1 run, goes back and pushes it to mid-on, man there is at the edge of the circle hence an easy single for Root
13.2
Holder to Root, no run, on a back of a length and around off, Root jumps a touch to get in line and steers it to backward point
13.1
Holder to Root, no run, defends it to the on-side
12.6
Gabriel to Root, 1 run, lively delivery! It climbed off the good length, Root did really well to get behind it. He opened the face of the bat and guided it wide of backward point. Fabin Allen there was quick to pounce on the ball but he failed to nail the direct hit at the striker's end. I reckon, Bairstow would have been in. And Cottrell did an excellent job in backing up at mid-on. He dived and stopped it from going further
12.5
Gabriel to Bairstow, 1 run, good length delivery angling back into Bairstow, it was just over hip height and Bairstow tucks it wide of deep square leg for a single
12.4
Gabriel to Bairstow, no run, it was short and was over the shoulder height, Bairstow thought about taking it on but decides against it
12.3
Gabriel to Bairstow, no run, 137 kph delivery on a good length, it was angling back into and Bairstow was cramped for room. He ends up mistiming the push to cover. His bat turned a wee bit too while executing that shot
12.2
Gabriel to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and attacking the stumps, Bairstow punches it back to mid-on
12.1
Gabriel to Root, 1 run, short and on the body, Root stands tall and tucks it to the on-side for a single
11.6
Holder to Bairstow, no run, defends it to the off-side
11.5
Holder to Bairstow, FOUR, nothing is going West Indies' way. Holder clearly defeated Bairstow there but the end result will be a boundary. Bairstow was clearly in two minds whether to duck or pull. He keeps his bat hanging in the end, it clips the top-edge and went wide of the keeper for another four
11.4
Holder to Bairstow, FOUR, poor delivery! It was short and was down the leg-side, Bairstow gets some bat on it and clips it wide of the keeper for a boundary
11.3
Holder to Bairstow, 2 runs, short of length delivery down top-edge leg-side, Bairstow stands tall and tucks it wide of fine leg. He charges back for a brace
11.2
Holder to Root, leg byes, 1 run, this one was angling back into Root, he misses the flick and it hits him on the pads. It deflected wide of the keeper for a single
11.1
Holder to Root, no run, on a good length and around off, Root pushes it to the off-side
10.6
A Russell to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow is down on the ground and so is Russell! This was a serious bumper, it came back in sharply off the deck. Bairstow was probably looking for another ramp shot, it came back too quickly than he anticipated. He failed to get out of the way and got hit on the grill of the helmet. He immediately went down after the blow but got back up rather quickly too. And then removes his helmet to check it is fine. No, it is not fine and Bairstow is changing his helmet. Meanwhile, Russell has gone off the field after delivering that thunderbolt!
10.5
A Russell to Root, 1 run, another pull shot to the on-side
10.4
A Russell to Bairstow, 1 run, short and aiming on the body, Bairstow pulled it away to fine leg
10.3
A Russell to Bairstow, no run, wanted to replicate the previous shot. But room wasn't there this time and it was angling back into him. He ends up missing it
10.2
A Russell to Bairstow, FOUR, astute from Bairstow, It was another short of length delivery. There was lots of room, Bairstow used it pretty well and ramps it wide of first slip for a boundary
10.1
A Russell to Bairstow, no run, bangs this delivery on a short of length, Bairstow leaves it alone
10.1
A Russell to Bairstow, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
9.6
Holder to Root, no run, this one nips back in off the deck, Root fails to adapt to the late movement. He ends up playing down the wrong line and it raps him on the pads. He got an inside edge hence Holder bailed out of the appeal
9.5
Holder to Bairstow, 1 run, touch fuller than the previous ball, Bairstow flicks it to deep square leg
9.4
Holder to Bairstow, no run, again, misses the pull shot. He needs to get his focus back. It was short and was angling back into Bairstow, he wanted to heave it to the on-side but ends up missing it again
9.3
Holder to Bairstow, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Bairstow tucks it to mid-on
9.2
Holder to Bairstow, no run, on a length and around off, Bairstow gets behind it and defends it back with a straight bat
9.1
Holder to Bairstow, no run, 131 kph delivery on the stumps, it was on a back of a length and Bairstow was through with the pull shot early. It strikes him on the pads. Was sliding down leg!
8.6
Gabriel to Bairstow, 1 run, short and on the body, Bairstow pulls it away handsomely but finds the man in the deep. Straight to deep square leg and he will have to be content with a single
8.6
Gabriel to Bairstow, wide, gets his line wrong again. It ends up way down the leg-side and umpire calls it wide!
8.5
Gabriel to Root, 1 run, this one was on the pads and Root flicks it away to fine leg
8.4
Gabriel to Root, no run, much better from Gabriel. It was on a good length and was around off, Root gets behind it and clips it straight to mid-wicket
8.4
Gabriel to Root, wide, errs in line, it was down the leg-side. Wide called!
8.3
Gabriel to Root, no run, on a length and around off, Root opens the face of the bat and steers it straight to backward point
8.2
Gabriel to Root, FOUR, Root is loving this opportunity at the top of the order. It was short and was on the body, Root gets on top of the ball and pulls it wide of deep backward square leg for a boundary. He is clearly outscoring his partner Bairstow here!
8.1
Gabriel to Root, no run, on a length and around off, Root gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
7.6
A Russell to Bairstow, no run, another bumper, it was wide of off and Bairstow leaves it alone
7.5
A Russell to Bairstow, no run, much fuller and around off, Bairstow stands tall and punches it back with a straight, Russell puts in an acrobatic dive to stop it. Not sure he should do that with the injury he is carrying
7.4
A Russell to Bairstow, no run, another bumper, Bairstow sways away from the line of the ball and lets it go. Russell is seriously limping here!
7.3
A Russell to Bairstow, no run, Russell bangs this one half way down the track, it comes back in and hits Bairstow on the shoulder. That would have hurt but he isn't showing it. Brave Jonny!
7.2
A Russell to Root, 3 runs, now, a handsome punch. It was on a back of a length and was wide of off, Root uses the width to good effect and finds the gap wide of backward point on the punch shot. Cottrell from third man ran swiftly and used his football prowess to stop the ball from reaching the fence
7.1
A Russell to Root, FOUR, that has been belted by Root! He looks in fabulous touch. Russell dishes out a fuller length delivery, Root plunges forward and drives it with a lot of class and elegance. It beats the in-field and races to the fence
6.6
Gabriel to Root, 1 run, fumble at point and it allows an easy single. Short of a length, Root rises on the back foot punch and gets the run to keep strike
6.6
Gabriel to Root, wide, late decision to call this a wide for height. Pacy bumper, Root swivels for the pull but cannot connect it
6.5
Gabriel to Root, no run, quick bumper and Root is hurried onto the pull shot, gets a faint top edge onto the helmet grill as this rolls towards the keeper. He seems alright as it wasn't a sharp blow
6.4
Gabriel to Root, no run, back of a length with the slight angle into Root, defended off the back foot to mid-off
6.3
Gabriel to Root, 2 runs, shortish and width on offer, Root late cuts it wide of backward point and Thomas at third man stumbles a bit while getting to the ball. That allows this pair to get a comfortable brace
6.2
Gabriel to Root, no run, shortish and on middle and leg, blocked off the back foot to mid-wicket
6.1
Gabriel to Root, 2 runs, good work at short fine leg, saves a certain boundary but hasn't stopped it clean as this is parried towards the right of deep backward square leg. Poor ball from Gabriel to start with, short and on leg stump, Root helped it with a pull and had struck it well
5.6
Thomas to Root, 1 run, on a good length this time and Root steers it past a lazy gully fielder who was placed specifically for this kind of a shot. Down towards third man
5.5
Thomas to Root, no run, banged in short by Thomas and Root tries the swivel-pull but gets struck on the forearm
5.4
Thomas to Root, FOUR, it seems like a net session out there for these two. Overcooked freebie from Thomas on this occasion and Root leans into the textbook cover drive. Classically done and gets it through the gap at cover. England have started smoothly
5.3
Thomas to Root, no run, shortish and around off stump, Root rises on his toes and pats it to point
5.2
Thomas to Bairstow, 1 run, angled in on off stump, Bairstow works it off the inside half of the blade to mid-wicket
5.1
Thomas to Bairstow, FOUR, sensational stroke! Overpitched and straighter line as well, Bairstow doesn't fall across and stay still to crunch the drive straight back past Thomas
4.6
Cottrell to Root, no run, probably the first good bouncer that WI have bowled, 141kph, hurries Root who is late on the pull. Whizzes past the top edge and into Hope. Stifled appeal for caught behind but nothing there
4.5
Cottrell to Root, no run, shortish and on off stump, Root rides the bounce and defends to the off-side
4.4
Cottrell to Root, no run, fractionally short and Root stands tall to slap-cut but finds point
4.3
Cottrell to Root, no run, shortish and outside off, Root rises on his toes and dabs it to point
4.2
Cottrell to Root, 2 runs, shortish and width on offer as well, Root delays the cut behind point and the batsmen get an easy brace by the time third man gets to it
4.1
Cottrell to Root, FOUR, signature Root stroke! Overpitched from Cottrell and Root just leans into the drive. Times it sweetly and bisects extra cover and mid-off as well
3.6
Thomas to Bairstow, no run, fuller once more and Bairstow crunches the drive but finds mid-off in the way
3.5
Thomas to Root, 1 run, pitched up and Root mistimes the drive towards extra cover for an easy single
3.4
Thomas to Root, 2 runs, very full and angling into Root who flicks it away through square leg for a brace
3.3
Thomas to Root, no run, fuller and angling in on off stump, defended off the front foot with a straight bat
3.2
Thomas to Root, FOUR, superbly done! Fractionally short and Root quickly swivels on the back foot to nail this pull over square leg. Was in control from the start and just merely picked his spot
3.1
Thomas to Root, no run, shortish and outside off, Root hangs back and is compact in defence
2.6
Cottrell to Bairstow, no run, hits the deck hard and cramps Bairstow for room. Punched off the back foot to point
2.6
Cottrell to Bairstow, wide, tries the bouncer but it's quite high and sails well over Bairstow
2.5
Cottrell to Bairstow, no run, good response from Cottrell, perfect yorker on off stump and Bairstow had to be really alert to dig this out. Jams it out
2.4
Cottrell to Bairstow, FOUR, all to easy for Bairstow! Gets a floaty half-volley sprinkled with dollops of width. Just reaches out to ping the drive through the gap at cover. Effortlessly done
2.3
Cottrell to Bairstow, no run, short of a length on off stump, Bairstow stays leg-side of the ball and punches it to cover
2.2
Cottrell to Bairstow, 2 runs, too straight in line and fuller as well, Bairstow picks it off with a flick through the gap at mid-wicket. Mid-on chases it down eventually
2.1
Cottrell to Root, 1 run, fuller and around off stump, Root bunts it in front of cover and promptly calls Bairstow across
1.6
Thomas to Bairstow, no run, fuller and curves in just a tad from around off stump, blocked off the front foot to short mid-wicket
1.5
Thomas to Bairstow, 2 runs, uppish but well wide of third man! Seems a clear ploy from West Indies, more of the short length and Bairstow wanted to employ the upper cut this time. Got a thick slice but fortunately for him, the deep fielder couldn't come across as this landed safe at deep backward point
1.4
Thomas to Bairstow, no run, weird stab-cut from Bairstow as he chops this to point. Was shortish and again, width was on offer. He tried to slam it through the off-side but got hurried by pace. Toe-ends it
1.3
Thomas to Bairstow, FOUR, spanked away! Short and width on offer too, Bairstow doesn't need second invitation as he stands tall to slaps it through extra cover. Struck it beautifully
1.2
Thomas to Bairstow, no run, good wheels for Thomas to start, this clocks 144kph, hard length and hustles Bairstow who taps it to cover
1.1
Thomas to Bairstow, no run, hard length to begin with and good pace as well, Bairstow hangs back to dab it off the bottom half to the slip cordon
0.6
Cottrell to Root, no run, good fiery bouncer, surprised Root who somehow manages to keep this down with a fend onto the leg-side. Cottrell has a few words to say as well to the Yorkshireman. Certainly wasn't asking him out for dinner there, that's for sure
0.5
Cottrell to Root, no run, back of a length once more, on off stump and Root defends towards cover
0.4
Cottrell to Root, no run, shortish and on off stump, Root gets behind the line nicely and defends well
0.3
Cottrell to Bairstow, 3 runs, too full once more, Bairstow squeezes a drive through point, almost one-handed eventually and it nearly makes it to the fence. It's a long chase and they eventually manage to hault it back in
0.2
Cottrell to Bairstow, no run, goes very full, yorker length and Bairstow lets it pass
0.1
Cottrell to Bairstow, no run, starts with a short ball that's down the leg-side, Bairstow ducks and expects a wide for the line. The umpire doesn't give it, which is bizarre
Commentary
Liam Plunkett,Eoin Morgan (c),Adil Rashid,Jos Buttler (wk),Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
Lewis,Gayle,Gabriel,A Russell,Brathwaite,Holder,Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
