49.3
Neesham to Chahal, out Caught by Latham!! NZ make their second successive WC final! What a performance! Subdued celebrations, maybe they are showing restraint because come on, they are just into the summit clash! Coming to the formality-sealing delivery, slower ball that bounced extra as Chahal went for the hoick across the line. Got a feather through to Latham and the Kiwis knew instantly. Chahal wanted a review though but he ain't escaping. UltraEdge shows a big spike and that's the end of that. wkt (10-221) min (8m). Chahal c Latham b Neesham 5(5) [4s-1]
49.2
Neesham to Chahal, no run, edged but just short of Latham! Slower and wider outside off, Chahal went for the cut and got a thick edge. Doesn't carry
49.1
Neesham to Chahal, FOUR, the french cut and it goes away very fine, beating short fine leg and races away to the fence. Was a slower ball and Chahal swung at it, only to get a thick inside edge that fortunately for him, goes through the gap
48.6
Ferguson to Bhuvneshwar, out Bowled!! Knocked him over! Slower ball, Bhuvneshwar was way too early into the shot and missed it altogether. Timber! What an outstanding over from Ferguson in such a high-pressure situation! With 31 needed off 12, he's given just eight. Take a bow, Lockie! wkt (9-217) min (10m). Bhuvneshwar b Ferguson 0(1)
48.5
Ferguson to Chahal, 1 run, full and angling into Chahal who flicks it away towards deep square leg
48.4
Ferguson to Chahal, no run, very full and outside off, squeezed out towards mid-off
48.3
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, out Dhoni Run Out!! 1 run completed. Guptill you genius of a fielder! Got to the ball quickly and fired in a terrific direct hit at the keeper's end. There was a slight stutter on the second run and cost Dhoni as he was just short. Ironically, for a man who is so good between the wickets, he had to fall to a run out. Guptill has had a bad tourney with the bat but hasn't he redeemed himself in a big way with this effort? Was a slower ball on a length and it popped up off the glove towards short fine leg as Dhoni got cramped on the pull. They took on Guppy for the second run and it cost MS. wkt (8-216) min (114m). Dhoni run out (Guptill) 50(72) [4s-1 6s-1]
48.2
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and straighter, jabbed back towards Ferguson down the track. Dot ball!
48.1
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, SIX, upper cut over deep backward point! For a moment, the fielder in the deep thought he was interested but in the end, well above him. The crowd have found their voice. Slower and short from Ferguson, there was width on offer and Dhoni went one-legged on the slash-cut with all the power in the world. Biggie! Game wide open now
47.6
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 2 run, slower and short outside off, Dhoni waits and pulls it hard through square leg. Southee in the deep does well to get across with a slide. MS wants just a single, he wants strike and wants to take total responsibility now
47.5
Boult to Jadeja, out Caught by Williamson!! Massive wicket! NZ needed a wicket and his main strike bowler has done precisely that. Slower ball and for once, Jadeja didn't quite pick it as he went across the line. A bit too early and skewed it straight up in the air. Never easy, these pressure catches but it's the ice-cool KW at mid-off who settles under it calmly. Exceptional knock from Jadeja but he has to go. NZ in the driver's seat. wkt (7-208) min (84m). Jadeja c Williamson b Boult 77(59) [4s-4 6s-4]
47.4
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shortish and around middle and leg, Dhoni walks across to clip it towards square leg
47.3
Boult to Jadeja, 1 run, top nut from Boult, cracker of a yorker, middle stump and even a well-set Jadeja can only jam it down towards long-on. Thought about the second but MS is not interested
47.2
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, very full and wide, Dhoni squeezes it to mid-off for a sharp single
47.1
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, brilliant stop at deep mid-wicket, desperate dive from Santner and he saves a brace for his side. Top work! Was a slower short ball and Dhoni swivelled to slam the pull across the line. Connected it sweetly and nearly got his placement right too
46.6
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short of a good length, closer to off and Dhoni rises on his toes to pat this cover. Superb over from Henry, just 5 off it!
46.5
Matt Henry to Jadeja, 1 run, slower ones working for Henry at the moment, continues to keep it wider outside off and Jadeja can only find short third man with the dab
46.4
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, angled in on middle and leg, Dhoni works it softly towards mid-wicket for a quick single
46.3
Matt Henry to Jadeja, 1 run, Jadeja isn't happy with himself, wanted to play the ramp perhaps as there wasn't anyone in the deep behind square on the off-side. It's a slower short one though, and the result is a bottom edge towards backward point
46.2
Matt Henry to Jadeja, no run, dot ball! Shortish and angling across Jadeja who chases the width with an open-faced dab. The slower ball ensured that this went past the edge
46.1
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slower and short outside off, dabbed off the back foot towards point for a sharp single
45.6
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slower and short, Dhoni waits forever and pulls this towards square leg
45.5
Boult to Jadeja, 1 run, slower and shorter on off stump, Jadeja waits and pulls it to deep mid-wicket
45.4
Boult to Jadeja, FOUR, the edge goes in the gap! It's turning folks, this game is certainly turning. When moments like these are going in the batting side's favor, momentum is bound to be with them. Was a shortish length ball that Jadeja wanted to guide with an open face, got it off the edge but he won't complain as it bisects the keeper and short third man perfectly
45.3
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slower ball around off, jabbed towards the gap at extra cover for a single. 100-run stand! What a partnership this has been! From nowhere, India are now very much in this game. MS and Jadeja shake hands but know that it's not over yet
45.2
Boult to Jadeja, 1 run, off stump yorker, superb from Boult and Jadeja jams it out through mid-wicket
45.1
Boult to Jadeja, 2 runs, starts with an in-angler on off, worked away wide of the long-on fielder and they steal a brace
44.6
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, shortish and outside off, Dhoni stays back and leaves it alone
44.5
Ferguson to Jadeja, 1 run, fuller and on the pads, Jadeja wrists it away to deep mid-wicket
44.4
Ferguson to Jadeja, SIX, oh my! Oh my!! Jadeja is striking them clean! Picked the slower ball early, had backed away and once again, presence of mind as he went for the safest spot on the ground. Straight down the ground. With mid-off in the ring, it was a minimum risk shot but guess what, he's got maximum result! Over the fence!
44.3
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Dhoni rises on the back foot and punches it to the off-side
44.2
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, extra cover was slow to react and it sneaks past him, allowing an easy brace. On a good length outside off, Dhoni forces the punchy drive through the off-side
44.1
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, pacy yorker and nothing much anyone can do about these, off stump line and MS digs it out
43.6
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, short of a good length and Dhoni cuts on seeing the width. Taylor at backward point makes a good stop
43.6
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, wide, tries the wide yorker but just gets it beyond the tramline as Dhoni leaves it
43.5
Neesham to Jadeja, 1 run, shortish and straightish as well, worked away to deep square leg
43.4
Neesham to Jadeja, 2 runs, doesn't carry to long-on! What's happening here? All of a sudden, things are happening and Jadeja seems to be enjoying the luck for now. Wanted to deposit this over the long-on fence but lost timing on the shot. Henry in the deep charged forward but it just landed short of him and sneaked past as well, allowing the second with ease
43.3
Neesham to Jadeja, no run, another slower one outside off, steered with an open face towards short third man. Another dot ball
43.2
Neesham to Jadeja, no run, just short of short fine leg! Was in the air for a long time but Taylor couldn't get to it. Probably was late to pick it up initially and then couldn't reach it in time. Stops the single though. Was a slower bouncer that induced a top edge from Jadeja who wasn't in control at all. He seems to be having the luck
43.1
Neesham to Jadeja, 2 runs, fuller and on leg stump, Jadeja wrists it wide of long-on and they run hard once again to sneak the second
42.6
Ferguson to Jadeja, 1 run, fuller and angling across Jadeja who pushes it towards extra cover
42.5
Ferguson to Jadeja, no run, dug in short once more, leg stumpish and Jadeja fends it onto the pitch
42.4
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shortish and wide outside off, Dhoni flashes hard on the back foot and gets it wide of backward point. Thought about the second but then he was quick to send Jadeja back
42.3
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, short of a good length outside off, Dhoni doesn't offer a shot
42.2
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller and closer to off, Dhoni walks across a bit and defends it to cover
42.1
Ferguson to Jadeja, 1 run, slower and shorter, Jadeja backs away early and guides it down to third man
41.6
Neesham to Jadeja, 1 run, slower off cutter, wider as well and Jadeja wanted to bisect short third man and backward point. The latter gets to it with a tumble
41.6
Neesham to Jadeja, wide, slower and fuller, well down leg and Jadeja doesn't offer a stroke
41.5
Neesham to Jadeja, 2 runs, fuller one on the pads, Jadeja gets across and works it away through mid-wicket. Good running and they get two. The famous Jadeja sword celebration is out! What a game he is having! Dream spell with the ball yesterday, excellent as always in the field but it's this knock with the bat that's sure to bring the roof down. Needs to continue though as this game is still in NZ's bag for now
41.4
Neesham to Jadeja, FOUR, blasted away! This is perhaps the best I have seen Jadeja bat in a limited-overs game for a long, long time and what a time to put on a show. This was a slower one, shortish as well and he just held his shape to flay this through mid-wicket. Probably some bad bounce as it rocketed past the fielder in the inner ring and the deep fielders had no chance
41.3
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, more of the cutters from Neesham, once again extra bounce and Dhoni hops across to fend it towards square leg
41.2
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, no run, brilliant bowling! Neesham is not only taking pace off but also hitting the right lengths. This was on a good length and Dhoni wanted to probably cut through point, had to abandon the shot as it bounced extra after pitching
41.1
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, no run, the cutter from Neesham to begin with, shortish as well and Dhoni pats it down the track
40.6
Santner to Jadeja, no run, almost carried to mid-wicket! Taylor was the man in the ring and it nearly got to him. Jadeja wanted to work it away on the leg-side but couldn't quite keep the shot down
40.5
Santner to Jadeja, SIX, he's smashed this into bits and pieces! What a hit! Charges down the track, gets to the pitch and hoicks it over deep mid-wicket. Brutal strike and to Jadeja's credit, he is choosing the right options for the big shot
40.4
Santner to Jadeja, no run, flatter and on leg stump, Jadeja leans across and nudges it to mid-wicket
40.3
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, thick inside edge! Dhoni was cramped on the back foot to this clever slider from Santner, trickles behind square leg
40.2
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, Dhoni wants two and when he asks, you just agree. Came down the track and worked this through square leg, soft hands and immediately asked Jadeja for the second
40.1
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, floated up on off, Dhoni leans forward and defends it back to Santner
39.6
Ferguson to Jadeja, 2 runs, these two have been stealing the twos quite a bit and here's another example of this. Works this away towards deep square leg and they race back for the second
39.6
Ferguson to Jadeja, wide, fuller and down leg, Jadeja cannot get bat on this whip
39.5
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shortish and angling in on off, Dhoni walks across a bit and nudges it through square leg
39.4
Ferguson to Jadeja, 1 run, low full toss and Jadeja whips it away to deep mid-wicket
39.3
Ferguson to Jadeja, no run, fuller ball and Jadeja cleared his front leg for the slog, toe-ended to mid-on
39.2
Ferguson to Jadeja, no run, slower ball this time, Jadeja waits for it and jabs it to mid-wicket
39.1
Ferguson to Jadeja, FOUR, just past the diving Latham! Wasn't too far away from him as he dived full-length to his right and this raced away very fine to the fence down the leg-side. Ferguson erred in line with the short ball but so did Jadeja on the pull, getting a glove that just missed the keeper by inches. Rub of the green? Maybe!
38.6
Santner to Jadeja, 1 run, floaty and around leg stump, swept away down towards fine leg
38.5
Santner to Jadeja, no run, moves around in the crease a bit as Santner fires it in on middle, knocked onto the pitch
38.4
Santner to Jadeja, SIX, what a blow! Jadeja certainly seems in the mood and if his bowling/fielding form in the game are anything to go by, this game ain't over yet. Charges down the track, with it being the left-arm spinner, the risk was minimal and Jadeja did the smart thing by going straighter with the loft. Comfortably over long-on
38.3
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, flatter and denies Dhoni any room at all, squeezed off the back foot into the gap at mid-wicket
38.2
Santner to Jadeja, 1 run, slower this time, Jadeja leans across and nurdles this to deep square leg
38.2
Santner to Jadeja, wide, fired down the leg-side, Jadeja goes for a shovel-sweep, doesn't connect
38.1
Santner to Jadeja, no run, flatter and on leg stump, Jadeja hangs back and dabs it to mid-wicket
37.6
Matt Henry to Jadeja, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Jadeja chops the cut towards deep point. Just a single
37.5
Matt Henry to Jadeja, no run, play and a miss! Back to the normal pace and this was an away-angler, Jadeja got too late on the cut
37.4
Matt Henry to Jadeja, no run, good change-up from Henry, took pace off on this short ball and Jadeja was way too early into the pull. Doesn't connect
37.3
Matt Henry to Jadeja, no run, fuller and outside off, Jadeja leans forward and checks the drive to cover
37.2
Matt Henry to Jadeja, FOUR, superb hit! Length ball, Jadeja just got across a bit and shovelled it through mid-wicket. Man in the deep was squarer, one bounce into the fence. He's looked settled so far, can he keep this going?
37.1
Matt Henry to Jadeja, no run, back of a length closer to the off stump, Jadeja can't find the gap at point with the cut
36.6
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, beaten! Beautiful stuff from Santner, looped it up just a fraction, inviting the drive from Dhoni but it spun away with bounce to whiz past the outside edge
36.5
Santner to Jadeja, 1 run, more darts on the pads, Jadeja flicks it away to deep square leg
36.4
Santner to Jadeja, no run, flatter and leg stumpish, giving no room to Jadeja who nudges it towards short fine leg
36.3
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, down the pitch goes MS but Santner isn't going to give his CSK captain that length to launch. Shorter and tucked softly towards square leg
36.2
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, got his bat down in time! Would have been danger if Dhoni missed this. Tried to push at this slider with hard hands and eked out a faint inside edge onto the pad
36.1
Santner to Jadeja, 1 run, drifting in on middle and leg, worked away off the back foot towards square leg
35.6
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, no run, muted appeal! Not bat there though and Dhoni survives. Another sharp nip-backer and he couldn't really get the bat out of the way comfortably. Kisses the back pad en route to Latham who takes it well
35.5
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, no run, on a length outside off, Dhoni walks into the defensive push to short cover
35.5
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, wide, fiery bumper from Henry, dug it really short and it's easily over the head
35.4
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, no run, cuts him into half! Nips in from a good length, sharply at that and Dhoni gets scissored completely as this whizzes past the inside edge
35.3
Matt Henry to Jadeja, 1 run, banged in short but doesn't rise much and Jadeja controls it well with a pull to deep square leg
35.2
Matt Henry to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, Dhoni cuts it away to deep point
35.1
Matt Henry to Jadeja, 1 run, short of a good length around off stump, Jadeja gets across a bit and clips it to deep mid-wicket
34.6
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, more flight this time around off, Dhoni leans forward and blocks
34.5
Santner to Jadeja, 1 run, fuller and on the pads, whupped away towards deep mid-wicket
34.4
Santner to Jadeja, 2 runs, super running and they sneak a brace. Neat flick towards deep square leg, and these two know each other well. Race back for the second
34.3
Santner to Jadeja, no run, stifled appeal for LBW! Reckon it's bat first and NZ aren't sure about the review either. Flatter and around off, Jadeja wanted to defend but got pinged on the pad. Grazed the inside edge
34.2
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, flatter and shorter outside off, slapped away off the back foot to sweeper cover
34.1
Santner to Jadeja, 1 run, massive mix up but Jadeja survives! Almost reigniting his moment with Pandya from CT 2017! This was worked away to deep square leg and was clearly only a single there. Jadeja strangely wanted the second and was late to get back. Luckily for him, Santner cannot gather it cleanly and whips the bails with his hands with the ball nearby
33.6
Boult to Jadeja, 1 run, back of a length around off, Jadeja sits back and pulls it to deep square leg
33.5
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, Dhoni stays back and punches it away to the right of deep cover
33.4
Boult to Ms Dhoni, no run, closer to the off pole from a good length, Dhoni walks into the defensive push
33.3
Boult to Ms Dhoni, FOUR, mere push but Dhoni has struck this really well and it races away straight back past Boult towards the fence. Was a low full toss and Dhoni wisely opted to just stroke it away, relied on placement and got it spot on
33.2
Boult to Ms Dhoni, no run, wide low full toss but Dhoni cannot get the drive away, cue-ends it towards cover
33.1
Boult to Jadeja, 1 run, short of a length and just outside off, Jadeja guides it down to third man
33.1
Boult to Jadeja, wide, very full and down the leg-side, Jadeja looks to work it away but doesn't connect
32.6
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, overthrows and they sneak an extra run. Should have been just a single but a bonus run is gained. Was worked gently towards the leg-side and thought about the second before the pair decided to abort it
32.5
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller this time and Dhoni is well forward to defend to short cover
32.4
Neesham to Jadeja, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, cut away towards deep third man
32.3
Neesham to Jadeja, SIX, where has this come from? Whoa! Down the pitch went Jadeja and it wasn't actually in the slot but he went through the big shot, striking it sweet and that went soaring. Into the crowd at wide long-on. The Indian fans seem to have found their voice, for now at least
32.2
Neesham to Jadeja, no run, fuller and outside off, Jadeja leans forward and blocks it to cover
32.1
Neesham to Jadeja, no run, middle and off line, fuller as well and Jadeja mistimes the drive towards mid-on
31.6
Boult to Ms Dhoni, no run, shortish and wider outside off, Dhoni wanted to pull this away but the bounce wasn't there, resulting in a toe-ender towards cover
31.5
Boult to Jadeja, 1 run, fractionally short and Jadeja swivels for the pull, fairly good control and gets it away through backward square leg
31.4
Boult to Jadeja, no run, fuller and wider outside off, Jadeja presses forward and blocks to cover
31.3
Boult to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, slightly shorter and Dhoni connects the back foot punch better this time, towards sweeper cover
31.2
Boult to Ms Dhoni, no run, width on offer but not that short as Dhoni hangs back for the punchy drive. Finds short cover as the timing wasn't there at all
31.2
Boult to Ms Dhoni, wide, errs in line and ends up spearing this very, very wide outside off. Beyond the tramline
31.1
Boult to Ms Dhoni, no run, dug in short just outside off, Dhoni thought about the pull but bailed out of the stroke
30.6
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, quicker one, sliding in on middle and leg, Dhoni hangs back and knocks it down to long-on
30.5
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, more flight and fuller as well, Dhoni lunges forward to defend
30.4
Santner to Jadeja, 1 run, flatter and on leg stump, tucked away behind square leg for a single
30.3
Santner to Hardik Pandya, out Caught by Williamson!! Pandya, much like Pant, couldn't hold himself back much longer. But that's just a simplistic explanation actually. Santner has deserved a lot more than that. He's bowled beautifully, giving absolutely nothing away. And all the pressure he's built has added up in this eventual dismissal. After bowling the earlier two deliveries with a flat trajectory, he senses Pandya's restlessness and throws this up in the air. The response is a wild slog-sweep which is skied up off a thick top-edge. Williamson backtracks at midwicket, pouches it, falls on his back, and still has it in control. Brilliant cricket. Looking more and more unlikely for India now. wkt (6-92) min (81m). Hardik Pandya c Williamson b Santner 32(62) [4s-2]
30.2
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, length ball with slight purchase just outside off, defended forward
30.1
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, 93kph, pushes it through the air. Length ball on off stump, Pandya blocks to short cover
29.6
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, walks across and turns this off the stumps through square leg
29.5
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, 3 runs, even more force from Dhoni who senses the importance of not letting NZ's fifth bowler settle. Back of a length outside off, powers the drive through extra cover and brings about a diving effort at sweeper cover
29.4
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, good length ball outside off, driven with some conviction on the up. Finds the gap through cover and trots back for two
29.3
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, no run, length ball at the stumps, turned to short midwicket
29.2
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, short of length wide of off, slapped through to sweeper cover. No great timing on it, just a single
29.1
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, good length ball outside off, driven expansively to mid-off
28.6
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length, sliding in with the arm, Dhoni watches it carefully on the back foot and blocks
28.5
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, tossed up on off stump, plays it back down the pitch
28.4
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, had to really stretch forward to this flighted ball in order to smother it back
28.3
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 2 runs, slightly short from Santner outside off, Dhoni makes decent use of it as he cuts through the gap at backward point for two
28.2
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length, straightens on off, Dhoni slides back to punch down the ground but doesn't achieve the timing to beat the intercepting extra cover
28.1
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, flat length ball turning away at 93kph, steered to backward point
27.6
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, short of length delivery outside off, patted to point
27.5
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, banged in short, whistles over Pandya who gives a thumbs up to Ferguson after evading it
27.4
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, the fact that he's able to implement a downswing on this short ball tells you he's played the pull well. Neesham was diving across at leg-gully but he wasn't even close
27.3
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, good length ball wide of off, left alone
27.2
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length delivery around off, Dhoni shuffles across to get behind the line and blocks
27.1
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, length ball on off stump, 141kph, Dhoni with a straight bat in defence
26.6
Santner to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, tucks this through square leg off the back foot
26.5
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, overpitched around off, squeezed back down the pitch
26.4
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched to short cover
26.3
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, flat length ball on middle, blocked from the crease
26.2
Santner to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, turns this with the angle through square leg
26.1
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, length ball pushed through flat, straightens on off stump. Isn't going to be easy to play attacking shots against. Pandya prods forward in defence
25.6
Ferguson to Ms Dhoni, no run, fuller than a length outside off, punched to short cover
25.5
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, the call is for two but New Zealand have been sharp today. They have to settle for the single. Back of a length on middle and leg, clipped in front of deep square leg
25.4
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, pitched up on off stump, skewed off the inside half to midwicket
25.3
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, blocked to short cover
25.2
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, short of length delivery outside off, stabbed to backward point
25.1
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, full ball on off stump, Pandya shuffles and rolls his wrists on it nicely to place it wide of mid-on
24.6
Santner to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, first runs of the bat off Santner - a thick inside edge rolling in front of backward square
24.5
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, length ball straightening on off, defended down the pitch
24.4
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, tossed up on off stump, good stride forward from Pandya as he smothers to short cover
24.3
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, flighted up on off, defended with the turn to point
24.2
Santner to Ms Dhoni, leg byes, 1 run, single now, but this won't go against Santner either. It's off the pad. Sliding in on leg, Dhoni's late on it
24.1
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, back of a length, turning away from off, Dhoni punches to short cover
23.6
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, short of length just around waist-high, Pandya swats it away through midwicket. Won't have the timing for a boundary, but it'll be two
23.5
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, 1 run, overpitched outside off, carved through point
23.4
Neesham to Ms Dhoni, no run, short of length delivery wide of off, was just inside the marker
23.3
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, walks across and tucks this through square leg
23.2
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, short of length delivery outside off, slapped to point
23.1
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, full ball just outside off, driven to mid-off
22.6
Santner to Ms Dhoni, no run, overpitched on off, drilled to cover
22.5
Santner to Rishabh Pant, out Caught by Colinde Grandhomme!! Left-arm spinner bowling at him, four dots in a row to start the over, and Pant bites. He doesn't think of the long boundary at midwicket that he's looking to take on. He just gets down on the back knee for the slog-sweep, only to find Colinde Grandhomme who runs across to his right for a safe catch. There's no questioning his talent, but time and again - as we saw in the IPL as well - his decision-making under pressure situations has let him down. Kohli doesn't look very pleased in the dressing room. wkt (5-71) min (89m). Pant c Colinde Grandhomme b Santner 32(56) [4s-4]
22.4
Santner to Rishabh Pant, no run, full, turning in on middle, defended
22.3
Santner to Rishabh Pant, no run, straight at the stumps from Santner, Pant works it to midwicket
22.2
Santner to Rishabh Pant, no run, was looking for the single after tucking this in front of short fine leg, sent back by Pandya
22.1
Santner to Rishabh Pant, no run, sliding through from a length across off, with the angle from round the wicket. It gets Pant on the outside half on his forward defence
21.6
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, tucks this off the hip to midwicket
21.5
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, this wasn't there for the cut, no room for Pandya who ends up shovelling the cross-batted slash to mid-on off a thick inside edge
21.4
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, short of length delivery outside off, chopped to backward point
21.3
Neesham to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, short of length around the waist, turned through the square leg region
21.2
Neesham to Rishabh Pant, no run, good length ball outside off, left alone
21.1
Neesham to Rishabh Pant, no run, back of a length delivery wide of off, flat-footed waft from Pant who is beaten by the bounce in this Manchester pitch
20.6
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, slider on off, punched back by Pandya. Santner makes a sharp diving save to his left
20.5
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, defended forward yet again, drawn by the flight
20.4
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, tossed up on off, has Pandya reaching on the forward defence. This is good bowling
20.3
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, gets this to grip from back of a length. Pandya was on the back foot, so didn't have a lot of trouble in making the adjustment. But this is definitely something to watch out for, considering how much help Jadeja found yesterday
20.2
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, bit full as it drifts in on off stump, squeezed through to short cover
20.1
Santner to Hardik Pandya, no run, flighted up just outside off, Pandya stretches forward and pushes to cover
19.6
Neesham to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, short and wide from Neesham and in response, Pant throws everything at it. Runs away fine off a thick outside edge. Something building for India with this partnership
19.6
Neesham to Rishabh Pant, wide, has misdirected this well wide outside off. Easy call for the umpire
19.5
Neesham to Rishabh Pant, no run, full ball around off, driven towards mid-off, intercepted by short cover
19.4
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, back of a length around middle, he shuffles across and nudges it round the corner
19.3
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, short of length around the waist, Pandya swivels inside the line and pulls wide of fine leg. Uff, tell you what, a good throw could've had him in trouble. Pandya, who was battling some issues with the groin yesterday, still doesn't look 100%
19.2
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, fuller than a length outside off, defends to cover
19.1
Neesham to Hardik Pandya, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, blocked to point
18.6
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, back of a length delivery angled away outside off, angled to backward point by Pant
18.5
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, back of a length delivery across off, steered to backward point
18.4
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, low full toss on off stump, Pant stoops low and drills it hard but straight to mid-on
18.3
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, short of length on off stump, rides the bounce nicely to defend
18.2
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, 2 runs, what timing from Pant, even with a pull shot that he had no flourish with. Just checked it behind square off the waist. Good effort diving across in the deep to cut it off
18.1
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, good length ball fizzing through across off... pace, bounce, carry. Latham collects it over his right shoulder after Pant is beaten on the drive
17.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, dabbed down to third man
17.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, too straight yet again, clipped through to deep square leg
17.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, two more for Pandya who capitalizes on Colinde Grandhomme's glitchy radar, shuffles inside the line and works it through midwicket
17.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, and again. More of a thick inside edge this time, but it dribbles away into the gap between square leg and fine leg. Scamper back for the second
17.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, 2 runs, back of a length delivery on leg stump, clipped to the left of fine leg. Big boundaries here, so there are opportunities to push the field. That's something they'll do well
17.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, wide, slips down the leg-side, probably aiming for leg stump anticipating Pandya's shuffle across. But he's well off target
17.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, Pandya shuffles across and punches it to cover
16.6
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, good length ball outside off, steered down to third man
16.5
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, back of a length delivery down leg, glanced down to fine leg. Biggest cheers of the day as fifty comes on the board for India
16.4
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, 145kph, full ball on leg stump, Pant gave the impression that it stopped on him. Checked his push to the left of Ferguson. Slightly uppish, but went down quickly
16.4
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, wide, well down the leg-side, any bat on it would've taken it away fine. But Pant isn't able to reach out
16.3
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, pitched up on off, driven to mid-on
16.2
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, short of length around off, blocked by Pant. Extra lift here for Ferguson. He's cranking it up
16.1
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, flapped up in the air, and juuuuuuuust clears midwicket. He was in no control of this pull shot. The pace of Ferguson had jarred the splice of his bat, throwing the bottom hand off the handle. Balloons up in the air, but because NZ are attacking, the fielders aren't all the way back at the edge of the circle. Guptill isn't able to get to it
15.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, fuller than a length around off, Pandya shuffles forward and punches this to mid-on. Quick single
15.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, no run, good length ball outside off, defended to cover
15.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Hardik Pandya, no run, tentative. Good length ball outside off, Pandya thinks of having a poke, but then withdraws his bat and hides it between his legs
15.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, breathtaking leap from Guptill at backward point. This was slapped hard by Pant, but Guptill is able to parry it to sweeper cover, restricting it to just a single
15.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Rishabh Pant, no run, short of length around off, patted to point
15.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Rishabh Pant, 2 runs, back of a length on middle and leg, whipped to the right of fine leg by Pant
14.6
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, 145kph, nips back in on off, Pandya leans, defends
14.5
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, 146kph, gets good carry off a length just outside off. Pandya wants to poke, but withdraws early enough into a leave
14.4
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, 147kph, back of a length just outside off, careful, waiting, stab, backward point
14.3
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, no run, 150kph. Full toss, and Pandya hurried into just a defence
14.2
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, 145kph, just too full. Pant doesn't get hold of it cleanly either, going too hard and losing shape as he toe-ends his drive .. wide of mid-off
14.1
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, 138kph, a squared up defence off the back foot, steering off the outside half to point
13.6
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, no run, stride again, defence again, but straight down the pitch this time
13.5
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, no run, 137kph, big stride, bat-pad stuck in covering the movement as he defends somewhere into off
13.4
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, no run, 132kph, fifth-stumped you'd say. And Pandya leaves
13.3
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, 133kph. Slight width and Pandya punches through it. Top balance, standing up on it and then unleashing those nice high elbows to drill it through sweeper
13.2
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, no run, 136kph, cuts back in off the pitch, punched on the up, off the back foot
13.1
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, no run, floats it full outside off. Not bothered with
13.1
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, wide, short, too straight in the hope of cramping out the room .. but the greed ends up down leg
12.6
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, 140kph, skiddy short of length. Pushed out with the angle off the back foot, point
12.5
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, 143kph, tightens up on the stumps. Respect. Defence
12.4
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, 143kph, another angler across. The front-footed stab, point
12.3
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, no run, lines up to the angle going across him to defend it away to point
12.2
Ferguson to Hardik Pandya, 1 run, a tad short outside off. Tapped wide of point for a quick single
12.1
Ferguson to Rishabh Pant, 1 run .. and dropped. Well, well, well. Neesham plucks a blinder one ball, and by those standards he'd set up for himself, puts down a sitter. So Pant gets a half volley on his pads which he flicks uppishly to square leg, where Neesham is clearly early into this catch, letting it spit out. Ahh, the perils of early anticipation
11.6
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, no run, on middle off a good length. Straight-batted block
11.5
Matt Henry to Hardik Pandya, no run, he'll keep nibbling outside off. Both of them would rather. Henry doesn't change his line, Pandya doesn't change his approach
11.4
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, 134kph, flows through the line in a drive, and Santner - at short cover - dives, cuts it off and nearly nails a direct hit at the non-striker's to nearly cut short Pant's mad-running
11.3
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, short, he rides the bounce and punches it to point
11.2
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, 131kph, short, to the head's leg-side. And Pant's swivelling, pulling them away for fun into fine leg
11.1
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, good length on off, tapped away watchfully to mid-off
10.6
Boult to Hardik Pandya, FOUR, 138kph, easy leg-glance. Boult's into his sixth and is clearly tired as he drifts this one on the legs. Tickled. Fine leg
10.6
Boult to Hardik Pandya, wide, starts leg-lined and ends up further down leg
10.5
Boult to Hardik Pandya, no run, half-poked. Very nervous feel for one that deserved a leave, luckily a half-hearted one
10.4
Boult to Hardik Pandya, no run, 139lkph, full, goes across, pitches, swings in. It's been a pattern. Pandya doesn't want to get into it .. leaves
10.3
Boult to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, another pitch up in looking to swing it away. Driven, wide of mid-off
10.2
Boult to Rishabh Pant, no run, 138kph, gentle swing going away on off. Driven out through the line to mid-off
10.1
Boult to Rishabh Pant, no run, half a poke outside off. No feet, no real hands, no connection
9.6
Matt Henry to Karthik, out Caught by Neesham!! Move over Stokes. Move over Cottrell. Move over Jadeja. IT'S NEESHAM who's taking the cake, without any bloody debate. Karthik slices this outside off, hard, but Jimmy - at point - dives blindfolded only on intuition, low to his left, plucking what was never his. wkt (4-24) min (29m). Karthik c Neesham b Matt Henry 6(25) [4s-1]
9.5
Matt Henry to Karthik, no run, 133kph, lined up beside, blocking it through the line
9.4
Matt Henry to Karthik, no run, more of the DK jumping blocks, this time to the bowler
9.3
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, punched firmly on the up, arching back as he does. Point's dive will cut it off
9.2
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, 133kph, hmmmm, Henry's clearly tired. A lost line outside off and Pant's leaning out to it, drilling through extra cover
9.1
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, 131kph, walks across, rolling his wrists on the ball to nudge it to mid-wicket
8.6
Boult to Karthik, 2 runs, 139kph, full. Karthik - looking to score again - plonks and punches it straight down. A couple before mid-on will hunt down
8.5
Boult to Karthik, FOUR, and 21st time lucky. Three slips, but DK's guide is softly surgical, opening up late at the line just outside off to guide it away past the third
8.4
Boult to Karthik, no run, 135kph, the forward blocks continues, to cover .. 0(20)
8.3
Boult to Karthik, no run, 135kph, pitched up outside off. And make it 0(19), courtesy, leaving
8.2
Boult to Karthik, no run, 135kph, another jump inside the line, this time trying to force a glance out of his dot barrage. Can't beat square leg though. 0(18)
8.1
Boult to Karthik, no run, 137kph, tummy-lined, plus some shape back in. Karthik shuffles tentatively behind it, opening up his bat face then to steer his defence to slip. 0(17)
7.6
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, 137kph, another half-walk forward, blocking back
7.5
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, trusts the line angling, and the length's short enough too to warrant the shouldered arms
7.4
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, full, off-lined. A no-fussed block back down the pitch
7.3
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, 2 runs, goes driving - just what Henry wanted - but Pant, despite the outside half on it, does well enough to get close to the line as he slices it to a diving backward point, whose palm will save a couple
7.3
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, wide, snd 132kph, yeah, too short. Pant wasn't messing around either
7.2
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, 133kph, swings in off a good length onto middle. Pant has a walking-across defence
7.1
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, full, on the stumps. Stroked out to cover
6.6
Boult to Karthik, no run, 136kph, yorker. Nails the blockhole just outside off and Karthik - in his attempted squeeze out - nearly falls over. And not that he squeezes it out right either. Oh take nothing away, this is a bowling exhibition
6.5
Boult to Karthik, no run, 139kph, quick bump-up. A tad squared up bump, but then gets right on top of it to drop it right there by his feet
6.4
Boult to Karthik, no run, 140kph, presses forward, covering the inward nip well enough to block it to mid-off
6.3
Boult to Karthik, no run, 134kph, pushed across, and this goes on straight with the angle. The leave returns
6.2
Boult to Karthik, no run, 138kph, hops inside the line, softly tucking it away off the tummy to leg
6.1
Boult to Karthik, no run, 134kph. Neatly left. There's inswing, yes, but it's wide enough outside off to start off with
5.6
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, back to the good length teases going across. Left
5.5
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, FOUR, 138kph. Proper overcook. But despite the mess India are in, Pant's by no means tentative .. going one-kneed and carving it away through point
5.4
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, 136kph, fuller, going across. Pant trusts it, trusts his leave
5.3
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, another fifth-stumped angler across. Pant continues his big-plonked defences
5.2
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, 131kph, a lower lean, compact in defending, off
5.1
Matt Henry to Rishabh Pant, no run, 134kph, a shuffle, then a forward stride and a leaning head-on-ball defensive knock to mid-on
4.6
Boult to Karthik, no run, 134kph, and tests him with a bouncer. DK won't play at this either
4.5
Boult to Karthik, no run, floats the wide sucking off-cutter. No, Karthik won't chase
4.4
Boult to Karthik, no run, 139kph. And a massive LBW shout. Karthik leaves, but Boult's gotten this to zip back in big and strike him on the front thigh pad. Maybe, just maybe, it wasn't coming back in enough
4.3
Boult to Karthik, no run, 136kph, neat forward press, bat-pad stuck in defending it to cover
4.2
Boult to Karthik, no run, 138kph, length, pitches on middle and Karthik trusts the angle going across well to leave
4.1
Boult to Rishabh Pant, 1 run, floated full on middle, whipped away with the swing wide of mid-on
3.6
Matt Henry to Karthik, no run, and the probe ends. Length, angling in, a coverred-defence
3.5
Matt Henry to Karthik, no run, full inswinger now. Karthik continues getting out big strides to cover whatever he can, bat in front
3.4
Matt Henry to Karthik, no run, drags his length back a touch. So DK goes deep too, standing on it in defence
3.3
Matt Henry to Karthik, no run, another big stride, Karthik actually gets the middle on this block
3.2
Matt Henry to Karthik, no run, length on off, Karthik opens up, dabbing it to point
3.1
Matt Henry to Kl Rahul, out Caught by Latham!! And we were dumb enough to think 239 was under-par. Oh poor us. RIP logic. India are on a frictionless banana peel, a really long one too. Okay, Henry deserves every bit of the credit here. Keeps in bang in that channel just outside off, gets a bit of extra kick up off the deck as well and Rahul HAS to flirt. He gets squared up too as he hangs his bat out, gets the tickle off the splice and Latham takes it diving in front of first slip's face. wkt (3-5) min (18m). Rahul c Latham b Matt Henry 1(7)
2.6
Boult to Rishabh Pant, no run, length, angling into middle, squirted off the outside of the splice to point
2.5
Boult to Rishabh Pant, no run, oooh. An early big stride, again, another Indian batsman goes a little too bravely in front of middle to flick it away to leg, somehow
2.4
Boult to Virat Kohli, out Lbw!! Kohli's desperate LBW review. He's absolutely trapped himself with his shuffle to stand flush in front of the stumps. But Boult is Boult for a reason -- he gets it to swing back in so damn sharply that even the master can do nothing about it. Well he tries to glance, misses quite easily and is caught bang on the knee roll in front of middle. Now KL Rahul clearly doesn't have it in him to deny his skipper a review .. and the only thing that seemed dodgy here could be the height. And that's an umpire's call, the off-bail. wkt (2-5) min (8m). Kohli lbw b Boult 1(6)
2.3
Boult to Virat Kohli, no run, 135kph, another shuffle, with Boult pitching it up full on middle looking for the LBW. Clipped, square leg
2.2
Boult to Virat Kohli, no run, 139kph, now a shuffle across, getting closer as he dabs it away to point
2.1
Boult to Virat Kohli, no run, 138kph. Loose. Really, really loose. Boult tempts him with an angler across from over the wicket off a really full length. Kohli is sucked in big time into the flashy cover drive, getting beaten big time
1.6
Matt Henry to Kl Rahul, no run, 134kph, opens up his bat face late, checking his defence to point
1.5
Matt Henry to Virat Kohli, 1 run, say fifth-stumped. But there's another flirt, this time running it past the two slips
1.4
Matt Henry to Virat Kohli, no run, outside edges, but short. Kohli does what he usually does in England, angle-bat outside off at a delivery he can do with a leave to. But to his credit, he does it softly and the outside edge dies down to second slip
1.3
Matt Henry to Rohit Sharma, out Caught by Latham!! Okay, Rohit CAN fail too. Henry keeps nagging it in the corridor just outside off and gets it to nip away just a fraction. Rohit clearly hadn't found his feet moving one bit this morning, but alas, his hands do -- poking, nibbling softly off the outside edge for Latham to have a real low grab. wkt (1-4) min (7m). Rohit c Latham b Matt Henry 1(4)
1.2
Matt Henry to Rohit Sharma, leg byes, 2 runs, 134kph, too straight. Rohit, lazy again, misses the flick .. but the tickle off the legs to fine leg will do just as fine
1.1
Matt Henry to Rohit Sharma, no run, 133kph, tight good length on off. Sharma is typically lazily elegant from his crease, skewing it softly off the outside half towards point
0.6
Boult to Kl Rahul, no run, 139kph, finds inswing on middle. Rahul lines up behind, blocking
0.5
Boult to Kl Rahul, no run, 139kph, pitched up, angling across, hoping for Rahul to chase .. but no, he'll leave
0.4
Boult to Kl Rahul, no run, 137kph, cuts in off the seam again onto the thighs. Rahul glances all over it, taking it on the body
0.3
Boult to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, on a back of a length. Rahul's back up tall, riding it as he bunts it down in defence
0.2
Boult to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, pad-lined, tickled away behind square. And Rohit's off too
0.1
Boult to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 137kph, and Boult hits the money right up. First swings across to middle, pitches and seams back in sharply. Rahul, neatly, softly, taps it in front of mid-off and real quick legs
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Karthik,Yuzvendra Chahal,Jadeja,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson,Henry Nicholls
