13.4
Riaz to Pooran, SIX, outrageously swats this short ball over midwicket, while advancing down the pitch, almost perfectly capsulizing how West Indies have trampled Pakistan today here at Trent Bridge
13.3
Riaz to Pooran, no run, slower leg-cutter outside off, Pooran wanted to fetch it with an on-side swipe but it's out of his reach
13.2
Riaz to Pooran, FOUR, makes room, flings his hands at whatever little width was opened up by his footwork, and benefits from a thick top edge that flies over slip
13.1
Riaz to Hetmyer, 1 run, some tail on this full toss that follows Hetmyer as he backs away. His slog produces a thick inside edge to fine leg
13.1
Riaz to Hetmyer, wide, bit of a wild short ball outside off, Hetmyer lets it go
12.6
Hasan Ali to Pooran, no run, back of a length, hopping dab, softening his grip in tapping it to point
12.5
Hasan Ali to Hetmyer, 1 run, 136kph, bouncer. Hetmyer takes it on, pulling it well, keeping it down to backward square leg
12.4
Hasan Ali to Hetmyer, 2 runs, 141kph, full, tailing in, whipped away round the corner
12.3
Hasan Ali to Hetmyer, no run, 135kph, length, angling into off. Carefully blocked
12.2
Hasan Ali to Hetmyer, no run, 133kph, quite short. Hetmyer sensibly isn't getting into it, moving out
12.1
Hasan Ali to Hetmyer, 2 runs, glanced away off the thighs behind square .. and Had Fakhar Zaman - running in - nailed the direct hit, Hetmyer would've been well short
11.6
Riaz to Pooran, no run, lines up beside, calmly steering it away to point
11.5
Riaz to Pooran, 2 runs, goes shorter, Pooran goes pulling and another top-edge goes just wide of Hafeez at fine leg
11.4
Riaz to Pooran, SIX, and thumped. With utter disdain. Moves away, has a flat-batted swing in smacking it flat and long into the sightscreen
11.3
Riaz to Pooran, FOUR, wafts uppishly, punching it away from his body, square too, but ends up with a thick outside edge flying over slip
11.2
Riaz to Hetmyer, 1 run, tough drop. Hetmyer hooks compulsively and Riaz chooses his length really well, drawing him into one, only to get big, take the top-edge and fly down to backward square leg -- where Imam-ul-Haq charges in, then dives, gets both hands to it too. But nah, can't hang on. It's been such a day for Pakistan ..
11.1
Riaz to Pooran, 1 run, 143kph, short, Pooran opens his stance up in pulling it off the under half through square leg
10.6
Amir to Hetmyer, no run, length, fourth-stumped. Hetmyer presses forward, covers the line in defence
10.5
Amir to Gayle, out Caught by Shadab Khan!! This was coming. This was really coming. Gayle's back doesn't allow him to hang around pushing and prodding any longer - not that he was doing it in the first place - but with this dodgy back of his, he was bound to slog at everything. Amir smartly keeps the length short, climbing on his across-the-line swipe to take a top-edge out to backward point wkt (1-36) min (51m). Gayle c Shadab Khan b Amir 50(34) [4s-6 6s-3]
10.4
Amir to Pooran, 1 run, there's a first slip and there's a third slip. Pooran delicately guides it between those two
10.3
Amir to Pooran, FOUR, width, a sitting up length and Pooran's done getting beaten. Throws his hands out, slicing it powerfully through sweeper
10.2
Amir to Gayle, 1 run, too straight, nurdled away to fine leg .. and he walks, in fact stands for a second too in the middle of the pitch unable to make it across for the single. But he manages, and more than manages a fifty
10.1
Amir to Gayle, no run, goes short, obviously, making Gayle use some more of his back. He ducks, somehow
9.6
Riaz to Pooran, no run, another poke away from his body, pulling his bat back inside the line, getting foxed once again on the outside edge
9.5
Riaz to Pooran, no run, beaten big. On a back of a length, tight on off, nipping away off the deck to open up Pooran's defence big time, whizzing past the outside edge
9.4
Riaz to Gayle, leg byes, 1 run, proper full toss. Gayle can't flick. But, but, he goes back to holding his back in pain as he limps across tamely
9.3
Riaz to Gayle, FOUR, tries following him with a cramped bumper. And Gayle now pulls conventionally, heaving, no, murdering it through deep mid-wicket
9.2
Riaz to Gayle, FOUR, oh, better. Looks to move inside the line at first, then all of a sudden goes away and slaps it away over point. Hmmm, audacious, yes, but looks like Gayle's pulled a muscle in his back in the process
9.1
Riaz to Gayle, SIX, 139kph. So the earlier maiden is all the respect he's willing to give Riaz. Out goes his front leg, the arms swing and tonks it into the sightscreen
8.6
Amir to Gayle, 1 run, 132kph, shorter. Gayle rocks further behind to punch it wide of mid-off
8.5
Amir to Pooran, 1 run, 127kph, streaky steer. The feet barely move as he tries dabbing, getting an un-pretty squared up thick outside edge running past second slip
8.4
Amir to Pooran, FOUR, 139kph, too short. Pooran hops, shuffling and swivelling as he does in a very tennis-forehand through mid-wicket .. under the sloppily diving Hafeez
8.3
Amir to Pooran, no run, 129kph, cuts in off the pitch. Pooran tries running it down to third man, but ends up chopping it onto himself
8.2
Amir to Gayle, 1 run, 121kph, rocks behind, punching through the line to mid-off
8.1
Amir to Pooran, leg byes, 1 run, tailing into the pads. Pooran's tickle off the outside of his leg to run behind square will do just as well
7.6
Riaz to Gayle, no run, short again, Gayle plays out a maiden, swaying well outside
7.5
Riaz to Gayle, no run, 140kph, the attempted yorker goes wrong - three feet high - and Gayle, under the shock of getting that full toss jabs it out
7.4
Riaz to Gayle, no run, 117kph, neatly disguised cutter. Banged in short, sticking in the pitch and then eventually sneaking under the foxed full-blooded pull
7.3
Riaz to Gayle, no run, 137kph, banged short. Gayle's in no mood, swaying away early enough
7.2
Riaz to Gayle, no run, 143kph, leg-lined. Gayle tries a one-legged heave off them, but no, just too quick to connect, nudging off the thighs to the keeper
7.1
Riaz to Gayle, no run, 140kph, starts back of a length denying any sort of room on either side. Gayle hops, knocking it back
6.6
Amir to Pooran, no run, good over from Amir. Finishes it with an in-seamer that's been carefully played back to the bowler
6.5
Amir to Gayle, leg byes, 1 run, straying on the pads and Gayle is late on his glance, the ball deflects to short fine leg off his thigh pad
6.4
Amir to Gayle, no run, decks in a touch from a length and Gayle is cramped from room. The lefty stays on the back foot and somehow manages to block it out on the off-side
6.3
Amir to Pooran, 1 run, fuller than a good length ball, the line is too straight though, wristed to long leg
6.2
Amir to Darren Bravo, out Caught by Babar Azam!! Edged and gone! An iffy Bravo goes for a duck. A back of a length delivery with a bit of extra bounce. The line was wide of off and a tentative Bravo stuck his bat out to poke. Gets a thick outside edge and Babar Azam pouches it with ease at second slip wkt (2-46) min (21m). Darren Bravo c Babar Azam b Amir 0(4)
6.1
Amir to Darren Bravo, no run, shortish ball, Bravo hops and defends into the off-side
5.6
Hasan Ali to Gayle, FOUR, short ball from Hasan Ali that sits up nicely for Gayle to punish. The left-hander clears his front leg and pummels the pull over mid-wicket
5.5
Hasan Ali to Gayle, no run, squares up Gayle with this cutter and the southpaw smartly played with soft hands, falls well short of the slip fielder
5.4
Hasan Ali to Gayle, no run, slower one at 124kph, Gayle picks it late and keeps it out on the off-side
5.3
Hasan Ali to Gayle, no run, full and slower, Gayle is early to clip and ends up chipping it. Fortunately, it falls short of mid-on
5.2
Hasan Ali to Gayle, FOUR, in-slanter from round the wicket and Gayle was cramped for room. But, Gayle persisted with the slash of the bat and the thick edge flew through the gap between first slip and short third man. There's no one to stop that
5.1
Hasan Ali to Gayle, no run, full toss from round the wicket and he gets away with it as Gayle gently pushes it into the off-side
4.6
Amir to Darren Bravo, no run, short of a good length ball on the hips, tucked to square leg
4.5
Amir to Darren Bravo, no run, 131kph, back of a length delivery, Bravo drops it in front of cover point and eyes a quick single. Gayle isn't even interested
4.5
Amir to Darren Bravo, wide, too short from Amir and Bravo comfortably ducks under it. The Pakistani fans aren't happy with the call, but it was well over the batter's head
4.4
Amir to Gayle, 1 run, fuller than a good length ball at 120kph, Gayle picks it and turns it to mid-wicket
4.3
Amir to Shai Hope, out Caught by Hafeez!! Hafeez takes a good catch running to his left at mid-off. Pakistan strike! A short of length delivery just outside off and Hope went for an aerial punch through the off-side. He was taken aback by the extra bounce and the ball ballooned up off the top part of the bat. Hafeez kept his eyes on the ball and completed the catch wkt (3-77) min (10m).Shai Hope c Hafeez b Amir 11(17) [4s-1]
4.2
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, cutter from Amir, Hope picks it late and drops it on the off-side
4.1
Amir to Shai Hope, FOUR, shot! Amir offers width outside off, Hope gets forward and slaps it through the extra cover region. It was in the air for a while, but Hope had placed it in the gap
3.6
Hasan Ali to Shai Hope, 1 run, short ball, Hope middles the pull to deep backward square leg
3.5
Hasan Ali to Shai Hope, no run, good bumper, Hope ducks under it
3.4
Hasan Ali to Gayle, 1 run, change of angle - round the wicket. An uppish flick from Gayle to deep square leg for a single
3.3
Hasan Ali to Gayle, SIX, six more! Fuller-than-a-good length ball at 144kph, once again Gayle backs away and bludgeons it straight down the ground. He stands and admires his shot. Why waste your energy in running when you can hit them so easily
3.2
Hasan Ali to Gayle, SIX, first six for Gayle in this tournament. Keep a count of this. A cutter from a good length, Gayle clears his front leg and thumps it over wide long-on. Picked the change of pace and smoked it
3.1
Hasan Ali to Gayle, 2 runs, Gayle backs away and Hasan Ali follows him. Flogged over mid-wicket, went up a long way, but the timing wasn't spot on. Almost plugs into the surface and Gayle is happy with a couple
2.6
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, beaten! An away-angler at 135kph and Hope has a waft at it, couldn't lay bat on it - courtesy the extra bounce
2.5
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, 131kph, on a length and Hope was trying to tuck it through the on-side. The ball popped up off the bottom half of the bat, but falls in the no-man's land between the bowler and mid-on
2.4
Amir to Shai Hope, 2 runs, Hope goes after this bouncer at 136kph with a pull shot, but doesn't get it anywhere close to the middle. Falls in the vacant mid-wicket region
2.3
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, 132kph, good length delivery, a punchy stroke from Hope follows. Short cover fails to gather it cleanly, but there was one more fielder inside the 30 yard circle
2.2
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, Amir pulls his length back by a fraction, Hope is back and across to keep it out on the off-side
2.1
Amir to Shai Hope, 2 runs, 133kph, on a length and marginally outside off, Hope cross-bats it wide of mid-off for a couple
1.6
Hasan Ali to Gayle, no run, loud shout for lbw, but an optimistic one. A length ball at 143kph and Gayle doesn't connect with his attempted flick. Gets hit on the front pad, but it pitched outside leg
1.5
Hasan Ali to Gayle, FOUR, edged ... and four again. Fuller ball at 143kph, Gayle clears his front leg for a wild hoick, gets a genuine-and-fat outside edge that flies past the slip cordon and races away to the third man fence
1.4
Hasan Ali to Gayle, FOUR, Hasan Ali bangs it in short at 140kph, Gayle is late on the pull and gets a top edge that flies over the keeper's head
1.3
Hasan Ali to Gayle, no run, 143kph, Hasan Ali goes for the yorker, ends up bowling a low full toss. Gayle defends it towards mid-off with no feet movement
1.2
Hasan Ali to Shai Hope, 1 run, 141kph, Hope opens the bat-face and runs this length ball to third man
1.2
Hasan Ali to Shai Hope, wide, short of a good length ball, slightly errs in line - down leg. Past Hope's glance and that's been wided
1.1
Hasan Ali to Shai Hope, no run, full on off and middle, bunted to mid-on
0.6
Amir to Shai Hope, 1 run, on the pads, Hope helps it on its way to fine leg
0.5
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, good length delivery marginally outside off, Hope pats it towards extra cover
0.4
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, 130kph, pitched up delivery, driven to mid-off
0.3
Amir to Shai Hope, no run, fuller than a good length ball on leg-stump line, Hope watchfully keeps it out on the on-side with a defensive shot
0.2
Amir to Gayle, 1 run, Gayle gets off the mark, taps this fuller ball into the on-side and takes off for a quick single. There's a direct hit at the bowler's end, but the Universe Boss had made his ground
0.1
Amir to Gayle, no run, on the money! Amir starts from over the wicket and bowls a length ball on the stumps, Gayle stays in his crease to block it out
Commentary
Gayle, Darren Bravo,Andre Russell, Ashley Nurse, Carlos Brathwaite, Jason Holder (c), Sheldon Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope, Oshane Thomas
Hafeez, Sarfaraz,Riaz,Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
