44.6
Adil Rashid to Boult, out Stumped! Stumping review! Beaten by the leg-break, is Boult, on the frontfoot defence. The foot is up in the air, and the bails are whipped off before he can drag that foot back in. OUT, flashes on the screen, and NZ have crashed to a dismal defeat by 119 runs wkt (10-186) min (7m). Boult st Buttler b Adil Rashid 4(7) [4s-1]
44.5
Adil Rashid to Boult, no run, slow turn from a good length, away from the batsman, Boult blocks
44.4
Adil Rashid to Boult, FOUR, loopy but turning away, Boult reaches out and slogs it away towards deep mid-wicket for four
44.3
Adil Rashid to Boult, no run, loopy, tempts him, googly, Boult comes down the track and tries slogging - misses, but hit on the body
44.2
Adil Rashid to Boult, no run, turns away, Boult ventures out of the crease, pokes it towards backward point
44.1
Adil Rashid to Tim, 1 run, faaaar too full on middle and off, whipped away towards long-on for a single
43.6
Mark Wood to Boult, no run, backs away into the on-side, Boult follows him, good length and skiddy at 145km/h, and Boult pushes at a defence that comes off the meat and back to the bowler
43.5
Mark Wood to Boult, no run, good length delivery on off, Boult is ready to back away, but punches it back towards the bowler half-heartedly
43.4
Mark Wood to Matt Henry, out Bowled! You miss, I hit! Get ready for a cliche barrage, beacuse there's no better way to describe this! A straight length ball skidding through towards leg and middle @147km/h, Matt Henry backs away and tries to steer it into the off-side, and it crashes into the top of middle and leg to send Henry back on his way. The end is nigh wkt (9-181) min (17m). Matt Henry b Mark Wood 7(13)
43.3
Mark Wood to Tim, 1 run, skids through on middle, punched hastily off the backfoot towards sweeper cover
43.2
Mark Wood to Tim, no run, skids through with a bit of width outside off, holds up, and a delayed chop towards point
43.1
Mark Wood to Tim, no run, back of a length delivery on the pads, whipped off a hop towards midwicket
42.6
Adil Rashid to Matt Henry, Byes, 2 runs, googly, with a massive overspin component, Tim gets forward and tries whip-driving, but it beats the bat with turn and bounce, beats the 'keeper too, and away towards fine leg for a couple of byes
42.5
Adil Rashid to Tim, 1 run, very full and loopy, swatted away off the inside half towards deep mid-wicket for a single
42.4
Adil Rashid to Tim, no run, the wrong'un, Tim tries whipping it away, too much turn, and struck on the pad - possibly turning down leg
42.3
Adil Rashid to Tim, no run, angling in on a fuller length, turns away, Tim stretches forward and deadbats
42.2
Adil Rashid to Matt Henry, 1 run, leg-break, skids through low outside off, Matt Henry gets low and chops it away towards deep point for a single
42.1
Adil Rashid to Matt Henry, no run, loopy yorker length delivery on middle, whipped towards wide mid-on
41.6
Mark Wood to Tim, no run, short of length delivery on the hip @142km/h, Tim is backing away and tries it fend it off but it follows him with the angle - off the body into the off-side
41.5
Mark Wood to Tim, no run, reverts to the back of a length tactic - off-stump @145km/h, and carved away towards point, where the fielder dives and cuts it off
41.4
Mark Wood to Tim, no run, the old one-two! A fuller one on off-stump, 147km/h, drilled from the crease, tentatively, towards mid-off
41.3
Mark Wood to Tim, no run, short ball at the head once again, holds up a little, 142km/h, and Tim sways out of the way
41.2
Mark Wood to Matt Henry, 1 run, another short one, cramping him for room, on the wrist - 144km/h. Broken effin' arm indeed! Fended away with the bottom-hand off into the on-side for a single
41.1
Mark Wood to Matt Henry, no run, short, very short, 140km/h, no width, Matt Henry arches back to upper-cut, misses
40.6
Adil Rashid to Matt Henry, 1 run, angling into the stumps, a topspinner, whipped away off the backfoot towards deep square leg for a single
40.5
Adil Rashid to Matt Henry, no run, loopy, on a nice spot outside off, Matt Henry is drawn forward into a defence, beaten by a long way on the outside edge
40.4
Adil Rashid to Matt Henry, no run, skids through, possibly a flipper, a hasty punch back off the backfoot towards the bowler
40.3
Adil Rashid to Tim, 1 run, loopy and very full, driven down to wide long-off for a single
40.2
Adil Rashid to Matt Henry, 1 run, googly, some slow turn back in towards leg from a good length, nudged into the on-side off the frontfoot for a single
40.1
Adil Rashid to Tim, 1 run, a toss-up on off, whip-driven away to long-off for a single
39.6
Mark Wood to Matt Henry, no run, skids through on leg, pushed from the crease towards mid-on
39.5
Mark Wood to Matt Henry, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, creamed to the man at cover
39.4
Mark Wood to Tim, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, punched off the backfoot towards sweeper cover for a single
39.4
Mark Wood to Tim, wide, angling down leg-side from a short of length, an attempted wafty pull, and he misses
39.3
Mark Wood to Matt Henry, 3 runs, half-volley outside off, creamed through the covers for a treble - and a good bit of fielding at sweeper earns the man a few shouts of "Roooooot!"
39.2
Mark Wood to Santner, out Lbw! Dead duck, says my co-comm Nikhil! Absolutely speared on a good length, skidding through low at 143km/h, Santner walks too far across and misses the flick, and that strikes him low on the pads. Given out - They review, do the Kiwis, and I reckon that's crashing into the top half of middle. Waiting for ball-tracking - Yup, crashing into the top half of middle and leg. Dead as a dodo. Santner departs. NZ have qualified, but in today's contest, they draw closer to their demise wkt (8-166) min (58m). Santner lbw b Mark Wood 12(30) [4s-1]
39.1
Mark Wood to Santner, no run, angles in from round the wicket and cuts away, beats the backfoot defensive of Santner
38.6
Plunkett to Santner, 1 run, on the hips, and a mistimed nudge into the on-side - in the air for a bit, but in the vacant area slightly squarer than midwicket for a single
38.5
Plunkett to Tim, 1 run, angling into the pads, whipped away down to fine leg for a single
38.4
Plunkett to Tim, no run, good length delivery angling back in, pushed tentatively in front of point
38.3
Plunkett to Latham, out Caught by Buttler! Finally! Bangs it in, takes the pace off, Latham gets across to guide a pull down towards the fine leg area - gets it off the glove to the wicketkeeper who holds on to an easy take. Muted celebrations by the England players - they know they have it in the bag wkt (7-164) min (106m). Latham c Buttler b Plunkett 57(65) [4s-5]
38.2
Plunkett to Latham, no run, banged in on a back of a length again, punched back towards the bowler, who partially stops it - takes pace off, and allows it to dribble away towards mid-off
38.1
Plunkett to Latham, no run, back of a length delivery from round the wicket, whipped back to the bowler on the walk
37.6
Woakes to Santner, FOUR, back of a length delivery with a hint of width, and that's absolutely creamed through the covers for four! A desperate dive by Bairstow at the deep extra cover boundary coming in from a squarer position - but in vain
37.5
Woakes to Latham, 1 run, length delivery, holds up on its way to the off-stump, and that's tapped on the head - checked down to mid-on for a single
37.4
Woakes to Latham, no run, good length delivery on the pads, nudged into the on-side
37.3
Woakes to Latham, FOUR, on the pads, whipped away - in the air for a bit, and past a diving Morgan towards the cow corner fence for four
37.2
Woakes to Latham, 2 runs, good length delivery just outside off, punched away from the crease towards deep extra cover for a couple
37.1
Woakes to Latham, no run, good length delivery on the pads, Latham misses the glance, and it bounces off the pads into the on-side
36.6
Stokes to Santner, no run, spears in the yorker at 140km/h on leg-stump, smashed into the boot in an attempt to whip it away, and that trundles away into the on-side
36.5
Stokes to Santner, no run, another short one, 137km/h, Santner sways out of the way
36.4
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, short of length delivery pulled to mid-on for a single - and there's the raise of the bat. Fifty for Latham. More than his aggregate in this tournament.
36.3
Stokes to Latham, no run, short ball just outside off, Latham tries dragging the pull down, misses
36.2
Stokes to Latham, no run, length delivery on off, pushed back to the bowler on the walk
36.1
Stokes to Santner, 1 run, short ball at the body, pulled away towards deep square leg for a single
35.6
Woakes to Santner, 3 runs, short of length delivery on the hips, whipped aerially over the in-field towards cow corner for a treble
35.5
Woakes to Santner, no run, back of a length delivery on off, deadbatted off the backfoot
35.4
Woakes to Santner, no run, fuller length delivery on off, drilled to mid-off
35.3
Woakes to Latham, 1 run, back of a length delivery skidding on, punched off the backfoot to mid-on for a single
35.2
Woakes to Latham, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, punched to cover
35.1
Woakes to Latham, no run, seaming back in from a back of a length, cutting him in half and through to the wicketkeeper
34.6
Stokes to Santner, no run, slower one on a length just outside off, slapped to cover
34.5
Stokes to Santner, no run, back of a length delivery on off, almost spooned to mid-on off the backfoot - falls short
34.4
Stokes to Santner, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, flayed to cover
34.3
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, short of length delivery on middle, nudged off the backfoot, tapped on the head towards mid-on for a quick single
34.2
Stokes to Latham, no run, short ball outside off, drag-pulled towards midwicket
34.1
Stokes to Latham, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, nudged on the up towards mid-on
33.6
Woakes to Latham, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the pads, tucked away off the backfoot, spinning away behind square leg for a single
33.5
Woakes to Latham, FOUR, slower ball - 122kph, fuller in length and that's been straight-driven neatly. Finds the gap between the umpire and non-striker. A boundary after 8 overs
33.4
Woakes to Latham, no run, in the air and safe! Latham closes his bat-face early against a back of a length delivery and gets a leading edge to the left of Stokes at backward point
33.3
Woakes to Santner, 1 run, 134kph, pitched up delivery, firmly driven to the right of mid-off. Roy mops up
33.2
Woakes to Latham, 1 run, 129kph, length ball on middle, Latham hops and turns it to deep square leg
33.1
Woakes to Latham, no run, 132kph, in-angling good length ball from round the wicket, Latham misses the glance and wears it on the front pad. A query for lbw, but that's angling down leg
32.6
Stokes to Santner, no run, bouncer from Stokes to end the over. Don't think Santner saw that coming. Hangs back and fends it off the top part of the bat
32.5
Stokes to Santner, no run, 134kph, fuller in length, Santner horribly mistimes his push-drive. Barely rolls past the pitch on the on-side
32.4
Stokes to Santner, no run, 137kph, back of a length delivery, punched back to Stokes
32.3
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, 132kph, short of length delivery, tucked towards mid-on
32.2
Stokes to Santner, 1 run, 119kph, driven crisply to the right of cover, who has a shy at the bowler's end. Woakes missed the target, Santner would have made his ground anyway
32.1
Stokes to Latham, leg byes, 1 run, slower ball on leg, Latham fails to make contact with his glance. Rolls into the leg-side off his pad
31.6
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, 140kph, shortish ball, solidly blocked
31.5
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, 137kph, fuller than a good length ball, defended into the off-side
31.4
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, 141kph, wristily pushed to the left of mid-on
31.3
Jofra Archer to Latham, no run, good length delivery, defensively pushed to mid-off off the front foot
31.2
Jofra Archer to Latham, no run, 147kph, banged in short and Latham crouches low before letting it pass
31.1
Jofra Archer to Latham, no run, back of a length delivery, dabbed to backward point
30.6
Stokes to Santner, no run, tucks this length ball to mid-wicket
30.5
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, good bumper aimed at the body and Latham gets a top-edge on his pull towards fine leg
30.4
Stokes to Santner, 1 run, 132kph, width on offer and Santner punches it to sweeper cover
30.3
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, 123kph, straighter line from a shortened length, tucked away to fine leg
30.2
Stokes to Latham, no run, 129kph, on a good length and that's been punched back to Stokes
30.1
Stokes to Latham, no run, 136kph, shortish ball from round the wicket, Latham hops and defends into the 22-yard strip
29.6
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, 139kph, length ball, Santner punches off the back foot. Woakes makes a sharp stop at cover moving to his right
29.5
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, full ball on leg, was there to be put away, but Santner flicks it straight to mid-wicket. Went to Morgan on the bounce
29.4
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, banged in short marginally outside off, Santner drops his gloves and sways away from it
29.3
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, 136kph, length ball on middle, poked to cover
29.2
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, good length delivery on the stumps, defended down the pitch
29.1
Jofra Archer to Latham, leg byes, 1 run, 134kph, another one straying on the pads, Latham is late on his tickle. Off the pad and it runs down to fine leg
29.1
Jofra Archer to Latham, wide, back of a length delivery down leg, past Latham's glance. Was an off-pace ball from round the wicket
28.6
Stokes to Santner, no run, 135kph, back of a length delivery on middle, tucked to mid-wicket
28.6
Stokes to Santner, wide, ajs 130kph, away-angling short ball wide outside off, left alone and that's been wided for height
28.5
Stokes to Santner, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Santner brings his bat down at an angle and pats it towards point
28.4
Stokes to Santner, no run, 131kph, bumper and Santner hunkers underneath it
28.3
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, 133kph, back of a length delivery wide of off, patted through the covers
28.2
Stokes to Latham, no run, 129kph, back of a length delivery, played back at the bowler
28.1
Stokes to Colinde Grandhomme, out Caught by Root!! Colin Colinde Grandhomme couldn't have picked the man in the deep more perfectly. "Rooooooooot" is the crowd's reaction. Stokes can't believe his luck - has his hand on his mouth, almost in disbelief. A proper loosener from Stokes first-up. A short of length delivery at 129kph and Colinde Grandhomme backed himself to clear the ropes with a pull shot. Edned up miscuing it and gifted a dolly to Root at deep square leg wkt (6-128) min (15m). Colinde Grandhomme c Root b Stokes 3(13)
27.6
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, 149kph, banged in short by Wood and Latham is happy to duck underneath it
27.5
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, 148kph, back of a length delivery, punched to the right of point for a quick single. Colinde Grandhomme's bottom hand came off the handle, that's what pace does to you
27.4
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, 145kph, in-slanter from wide of the crease, tucked into the leg-side. He can't find the gap between mid-on and mid-wicket
27.3
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, slower ball at 125kph, slashed away but straight to backward point
27.2
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, 146kph, head-high bumper and Colinde Grandhomme belatedly decided to get out of its way with a half-duck. The ball missed the bat/head and not the other way round
27.1
Mark Wood to Latham, 1 run, 143kph, good length delivery outside off, Latham steers it to third man
26.6
Plunkett to Latham, leg byes, 1 run, leg-lined short of length delivery at 130kph and Latham fails to put it away. The ball rolls towards backward square leg off the batter's thigh pad
26.5
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, 131kph, back of a length delivery outside off, Colinde Grandhomme stands tall, gets on top of the bounce and crashes it to sweeper cover
26.4
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, now gets it to deck in and cramps the batsman for room. Colinde Grandhomme falls over on his attempted glance and gets hit high on the thigh pad
26.3
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, beaten! A cross-seam back of a length delivery at 134kph, Colinde Grandhomme tries to punch from the crease, fails to make contact
26.2
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, 132kph, slips in the yorker does Plunkett, the batsman jams it out to backward point
26.1
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, half-an-appeal for caught-behind. A fullish ball at 132kph sliding down leg, Colinde Grandhomme misses the flick and it brushes the batter's pad before going into the keeper's mitts. Clearly, no bat
25.6
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, 148kph, hit-the-deck-hard ball from a short of length, watchfully kept out on the off-side. Just a run and the wicket of Neesham in that successful over for England
25.5
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, 149kph, shortish ball, Latham rides the bounce and blunts it into the on-side
25.4
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, 145kph, fuller length ball, pushed down the pitch off the inner edge and Wood could only half-stop it in his followthrough. The batters nab a run
25.3
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, almost a nick! A pacy good length ball at 142kph that holds its line around the fifth stump zone. Colinde Grandhomme hung back to force through the off-side and got beaten on the outside edge
25.2
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, 146kph, in-angling short of length delivery, Colinde Grandhomme is cramped for room and wears it on the thigh pad
25.1
Mark Wood to Neesham, out Bowled!! Chopped on! In-slanter from round the wicket at 145kph, Neesham stays rooted in his crease and tries to slap it away with a cut. He ends up dragging it onto his sticks via an inside edge. Neesham is distraught, the emotions are contrast in the England camp. The half-century partnership has been broken wkt (5-123) min (31m). Neesham b Mark Wood 19(27) [4s-1]
24.6
Plunkett to Latham, no run, turns this length ball into the leg-side
24.5
Plunkett to Latham, FOUR, glorious shot! A length ball at 129kph, Latham leans across and creams the drive through extra cover. Root sprints to his left in the deep, puts in a dive and gets a hand on it, but ended up parrying it past the ropes. Good effort, though from the Test skipper
24.4
Plunkett to Neesham, 1 run, 130kph, cross-seam back of a length delivery, a hoppy tuck to deep backward square leg follows. Fifty partnership!
24.3
Plunkett to Neesham, no run, 130kph, Neesham tucks this short of length delivery into the on-side
24.2
Plunkett to Latham, 1 run, 129kph, strayed on the pads, tickled down to fine leg
24.2
Plunkett to Latham, wide, change of pace. Plunkett bowls a cutter at 121kph, just down leg and Latham was early into his tuck. Misses and the ball goes to the keeper on the bounce
24.1
Plunkett to Neesham, 1 run, 130kph, hit-the-deck-hard short of length delivery, Neesham drops it adjacent to the pitch on the off-side with soft hands and scampers through for a sharp single
23.6
Mark Wood to Neesham, 1 run, 147kph, leg-lined length ball from round the wicket, turned away to deep square leg
23.5
Mark Wood to Latham, 3 runs, half-volley on leg, flicked away in front of square leg. Root runs across to his right, dives and stops the ball from going past the ropes. The crowd responds with "Roooooooooot"
23.4
Mark Wood to Latham, 2 runs, 141kph, back of a length delivery, Latham hops and tucks it around the corner - long leg
23.3
Mark Wood to Neesham, leg byes, 1 run, 147kph, length ball and Neesham is beaten for pace. Hits him on the front pad, but it pitched outside leg. The ball rolls into the off-side and the batters nab a run via leg-byes
23.2
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, 144kph, back of a length delivery, Neesham stays leg-side of the ball and taps it into the off-side with an opened bat-face
23.1
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, 142kph, well-directed lifter around off, Neesham crouches low and sways away from it
22.6
Plunkett to Latham, 2 runs, rib-tickler, tucked through backward square leg and Latham decides to come back for the second. The throw is wide and Buttler tries to flick it back onto the sticks, misses. Latham would have made his ground. A direct hit would have made things interesting
22.5
Plunkett to Latham, no run, good length delivery, Latham leans across and clips it away into the leg-side, but straight to mid-wicket
22.4
Plunkett to Latham, no run, 131kph, on a length and around the fourth stump channel, fenced to backward point
22.3
Plunkett to Neesham, 1 run, 130kph, back of a length delivery just outside off, Neesham uses the bowler's pace and width to run it down to third man
22.2
Plunkett to Neesham, no run, fuller length ball, Neesham blocks from the crease
22.1
Plunkett to Latham, 1 run, 126kph, probably the cutter down leg, Latham helps it on its way to fine leg
21.6
Root to Latham, 1 run, short of length, Latham works it in front of square leg
21.5
Root to Neesham, 1 run, shorter, flatter and quicker, turned into the mid-wicket pocket for a single
21.4
Root to Neesham, FOUR, another freebie and Neesham doesn't miss out. It was the second drag down in as many balls from Root and Neesham rocked back to square-cut it through point
21.3
Root to Latham, 1 run, a half-tracker, Latham pulls hard and in front of square on the leg-side after fetching it from outside off. Bairstow runs to his right in the deep and keeps the batters down to a single. Superb effort
21.2
Root to Latham, no run, skips down the track and yorks himself in the process. Jammed out to cover
21.1
Root to Latham, no run, darted on off, played back at the bowler
20.6
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, 76kph, slow, away-turner and Latham didn't quite pick it. Gets an outside edge on his poke towards short third man
20.5
Adil Rashid to Latham, 2 runs, worked to the left of long-on
20.4
Adil Rashid to Latham, FOUR, another googly from Rashid, but the length is on the shorter side. Allows Latham to go back in his crease and punch it past the diving mid-off fielder. Roy tried hard by diving to his left, but in vain
20.3
Adil Rashid to Latham, no run, googly and Latham misses the sweep. Gets rapped on the pads and there's a soft query for lbw. That was surely missing off
20.2
Adil Rashid to Latham, 2 runs, the keeper sees the batsman shape up to play the fine-sweep and moves to his right, but Latham manages to place it past him. A couple to fine leg
20.1
Adil Rashid to Neesham, 1 run, wrong 'un, Neesham jumps back in his crease and punches it to sweeper cover
19.6
Root to Neesham, 1 run, 90kph, fuller and marginally outside off, eased down to long-off
19.5
Root to Neesham, no run, 89kph, a quick off-break, patted to cover-point
19.4
Root to Latham, 1 run, glances this fullish, leg-lined ball to backward square leg
19.3
Root to Latham, no run, flighted delivery, Latham gets low to sweep hard, miscues off the inner part of the bat. Goes to short fine leg
19.2
Root to Neesham, 1 run, quicker delivery on leg, nudged towards mid-wicket
19.1
Root to Neesham, no run, stump-to-stump line, blunted into the on-side
18.6
Adil Rashid to Latham, FOUR, a drag down from Rashid and Latham pounces onto it. Rocks back in his crease and slaps the cut through extra cover
18.5
Adil Rashid to Neesham, 1 run, an uppish drive to the left of short extra cover. A single towards mid-off
18.4
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, 82kph, Latham works it with the spin to backward square leg
18.3
Adil Rashid to Neesham, 1 run, slow and touch too short, Neesham allows the ball to do its bit and turns it through square leg
18.2
Adil Rashid to Neesham, 2 runs, tossed up delivery, errs in line - down leg, gently glanced to fine leg
18.1
Adil Rashid to Neesham, no run, starts with a googly does Rashid, chopped to cover
17.6
Root to Neesham, 1 run, bunts a length ball to long-on
17.5
Root to Latham, 1 run, slightly too full, Latham gets forward and dinks it down to long-on
17.4
Root to Latham, 2 runs, straighter line, fuller in length, Latham gets down on a knee to sweep it to fine leg
17.3
Root to Neesham, 1 run, in-drifter, Neesham tries to push through the covers, ends up inside-edging to square leg
17.2
Root to Neesham, no run, punched to cover off the back foot
17.1
Root to Neesham, no run, slow ball from round the wicket on a short of length, Neesham hangs back to defend it on the off-side
16.6
Plunkett to Neesham, 1 run, good length delivery on leg, turned through square leg
16.5
Plunkett to Neesham, no run, very full ball, squeezed out to backward point
16.4
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, out Ross Taylor Run Out!! 1 run completed. Ross Taylor tucks this back of a length delivery to long leg and comes back for a dangerous second run. The throw is pretty accurate and Buttler wastes no time to dislodge the bails. The TV umpire has been summoned and even a dive can't save Taylor! New Zealand are falling apart here. The second run was surely not on. Taylor has himself to blame, he has thrown his wicket away here, much to the delight of the England fans. Good work from Rashid too. Was very swift moving to his left and then fired in a flat throw wkt (4-69) min (42m). Ross Taylor run out (Rashid/Buttler) 28(42) [4s-2]
16.3
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 131kph, fuller in length, neatly driven by Taylor but he finds the man at short cover
16.2
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 132kph, short of a good length ball, not much room and Taylor ends up dabbing it to backward point
16.1
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 131kph, good length delivery outside off, Taylor wafts his bat at it for a big drive, gets beaten on the outside edge
15.6
Mark Wood to Latham, 2 runs, fullish on off, clipped through mid-wicket. Stokes misfields and allows the duo to take the second
15.5
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, 1 run, length, on middle. Tucked through square leg
15.4
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, no run, short of length just outside off, punched to point
15.3
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, FOUR, pulled into the gap at deep mid-wicket. Short and sits up majestically for Taylor, who twirls his wrists and places the pull in front of square on the leg-side. Deep mid-wicket ran across but in vain
15.2
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, no run, lovely delivery from Wood. This was on a length and held its line after pitching. Taylor was the incoming delivery and gets beaten
15.1
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, out Williamson Run Out!! This could be the game-changing moment of the match. Brilliant work from Wood, but he wasn't 100 percent sure if he got a hand on it initially. Fullish on off, Taylor drives it straight back and Wood in his followthrough sticks his right hand and the deflection cannons the stumps at the other end. KW was backing up too far and no-way he could've got back in. Unfortunate dismissal for Williamson. The partnership was gathering some momentum for New Zealand but it's come to a tame end. Wood and England are chuffed. They also take drinks wkt (3-61) min (62m). Williamson run out (Wood) 27(40) [4s-3]
14.6
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, leg byes, 1 run, full, pacy delivery down leg. Taylor misses the flick and it comes off the pad. Rolls to short fine leg
14.5
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, slower delivery outside off, Taylor waits back and sends it to third man
14.4
Plunkett to Williamson, 1 run, drags it a bit short, slapped away to sweeper cover
14.3
Plunkett to Williamson, no run, fuller outside off, cracking drive from Williamson but straight to extra cover
14.2
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, 1 run, uses the pace and runs it to third man
14.1
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, shortish outside off, Taylor slashes and gets nowhere near it
13.6
Mark Wood to Williamson, no run, nudged to mid-on
13.5
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, 1 run, guided to third man
13.4
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, oh, some hesitation in running but nothing to worry for New Zealand. There's always some uncertainty in running between the wickets when these two are at the crease. Another confusion as Taylor after dinking it to third man wanted the second. KW was ball-watching and heard Taylor's call pretty late. Eventually, takes off and luckily for him, the throw from the fielder came to the wrong end. Buttler collects it and fires a throw at the bowler's end, but KW was in by that time
13.3
Mark Wood to Williamson, 1 run, Williamson gets into a tangle as this short delivery jumps up menacingly towards his body. The New Zealand captain tried to take his glove, but too late. It lobs up and falls in no-man's land at square leg
13.2
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, 1 run, 147kph, fullish just outside off. Whisked past square leg
13.1
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, no run, jagging in, Taylor hurriedly gets his bat in-line to block it
12.6
Plunkett to Williamson, no run, good length delivery which gives an inkling of inward shape. Half-hearted jab to mid-off
12.5
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, 1 run, bombards it on a back of a length outside off, punched through cover
12.4
Plunkett to Williamson, 1 run very full outside off. Stroked along the ground to sweeper cover
12.3
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fuller outside off, sliced to point. Roy gets a hand on it, saves some runs for his team
12.2
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 135kph, harmless length delivery outside off. Taylor moves across and drops it dead beside the pitch
12.1
Plunkett to Williamson, 1 run, peckering away outside off, cracked away to sweeper cover
11.6
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, no run, wristy flick to the left of mid-wicket. The fielder moves across and stops it
11.5
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, no run, 148kph, pacy fuller length delivery on off-stump. Taylor props forward and blocks it
11.4
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, no run, homing on middle, Taylor pivots back and defends
11.3
Mark Wood to Williamson, 1 run, tailed in slightly, inside-edged to square leg
11.2
Mark Wood to Williamson, FOUR, fabulous shot from Williamson. Uses the depth of the crease, opening the bat face at the last instant and punches it sweetly past backward point. Threads the gap with minimal effort, all class
11.1
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, leg byes, 1 run, token appeal for lbw but Wood bails out as it was going down leg. Taylor shuffled across to flick and fails to connect, rapped on the pads. The angle was taking it down leg
11.1
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, wide, iffy start for the local boy. Drifting it a mile down leg
10.6
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, 1 run, good length, in the channel outside off. Directed to third man
10.5
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, plays as late as he could to dab it to backward point
10.4
Plunkett to Williamson, 1 run, 131kph, scrambled seam full delivery outside off. Dinked neatly to third man
10.3
Plunkett to Williamson, no run, this length delivery doesn't arrive at all as Williamson mistimes the punch to extra cover
10.2
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short outside off, Taylor runs it to third man after opening the bat face
10.1
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, gets right behind the line and blocks
9.6
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, unleashes a bumper. But the line is outside off and Williamson has nothing to do with it
9.5
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, 1 run, brutal delivery from Archer. 149kph, thundering at Taylor's chest, who leaps back and gets into a terrible position. Taking it on the glove and it dribbles away behind square
9.4
Jofra Archer to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length on middle, knocked in front of mid-on
9.3
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, 1 run, nudged in front of mid-on
9.2
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, FOUR, screams away through extra cover for a boundary. Mediocre stuff from Archer, feeding a half-volley outside off. Taylor chases and smacks it beautifully off the sweet spot on the off-side
9.1
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, dished out on the pads, Taylor accepts it with glee and flicks it to the right of square leg. Rashid sprawls across and makes a half-stop, taking all the pace off it
8.6
Woakes to Williamson, no run, pitches it almost on a one-quarter length outside off, fended from the crease
8.5
Woakes to Williamson, 2 runs, straightish line, wristed past square leg and gets a brace
8.4
Woakes to Williamson, FOUR, classic Williamson off-drive. Thing of beauty. Woakes overpitches, Williamson pounces onto in a jiffy. Uses his reach and drives it elegantly past mid-off
8.3
Woakes to Ross Taylor, 1 run, width outside off, steered down to third man
8.2
Woakes to Ross Taylor, no run, leading edge falls teasingly to the right of the bowler, Woakes tried his best and dived across. But it was out of his grasp. Back of a length delivery, rose sharply at Taylor, who was closing his bat face after getting onto the back foot to turn it to the on-side
8.1
Woakes to Ross Taylor, no run, pitched up, holds up on the wicket and Taylor with a tardy footwork keeps it out
7.6
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flails his hands and glides it away to third man. Superb over from Archer, he's been very disciplined with his lines and length's so far
7.5
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, no run, back of a length, taking off but Taylor is alert on the back foot. Solidly defended
7.4
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, no run, well-directed bouncer from Archer at around 148kph. Taylor went for the pull but it soars over his head
7.3
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller length, straightens wee bit and opens up Taylor as he squirts his defence off the outer half
7.2
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, no run, gets forward and drives it to cover
7.1
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, no run, shortish outside off, Taylor keeps his eyes on the ball and blunts it
6.6
Woakes to Williamson, no run, fullish just outside off, Williamson greets it with a mere push to mid-on
6.5
Woakes to Williamson, FOUR, delicate touch from Williamson, earns him a boundary. Educated edge, opening his bat face as late as he could with soft hands. It trims the outside edge and runs between the keeper and second slip fielder
6.4
Woakes to Williamson, no run, cross-seamer, moving in. Williamson gets on top of it to force it to cover
6.3
Woakes to Williamson, no run, this length delivery keeps low a tad outside off, Williamson reaches out and strokes it to cover
6.2
Woakes to Williamson, no run, shorter outside off, back foot punch to mid-off
6.1
Woakes to Williamson, no run, nibbling into the right-hander, Williamson treks back and defends it high on the bat
5.6
Jofra Archer to Williamson, 1 run, outside edge flies past second slip. This short of length, raises up awkwardly outside off and Williamson couldn't cope the extra bounce as he flirted at that. Luckily, it flew away from the slip fielder en route to third man
5.5
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, effort ball from Archer. Bending his back and delivers a brisk bumper which Williamson evades
5.4
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, shaping back in towards middle and leg. Williamson blunts it cautiously
5.3
Jofra Archer to Ross Taylor, 1 run, sprays the half-volley just outside off, Taylor is away with a crispy drive through extra cover
5.2
Jofra Archer to Guptill, out Caught by Buttler!! Another failure for Guptill. Time's running out for the opener and he perishes for a single digit-score once again. When you're not in form, things just don't go your way. Here's an example. Slanter that was heading down leg, Guptill could've allowed it to pass through to the keeper. But it kisses the glove as Guptill tried to tickle and Buttler with a one-handed screamer. Making up for not contributing with the bat. New Zealand have been dented early here. Ian Smith had sensed that on air it was going to be Guptill's day wkt (2-14) min (25m). Guptill c Buttler b Jofra Archer 8(16) [4s-1]
5.1
Jofra Archer to Williamson, 1 run, pounds it on a length just outside off at 148kph, Williamson unlocks his bat face to guide it to third man
4.6
Woakes to Guptill, no run, slides the indipper on middle and leg-stump, clipped to square leg
4.5
Woakes to Guptill, no run, settles for a defensive push to cover
4.4
Woakes to Guptill, FOUR, Guptill sends his nomination for the shot of the day. Picture-perfect straight drive. High elbows - check. Full face of the bat - Check. Balance - check. Woakes helped his cause by hurling in the half-volley and it was met with the straightest of bats, drilling it ram-rod straight down the ground. Woakes bent low in his followthrough to get a hand but failed to do so
4.3
Woakes to Williamson, 1 run, 134kph, fuller length, semblance of away-nip. Williamson pokes tentatively and outside edge runs away to third man
4.2
Woakes to Williamson, no run, transfer of weight backwards and gentle knock to extra cover
4.1
Woakes to Guptill, 1 run, quick call for single and Guptill makes it in safely. Tucked to the right of square leg, Plunkett quickly grabs the ball and fires a throw at the bowler's end. Guptill had to put on the skates to reach his ground. Even if there was a direct-hit, the batsman was safe
3.6
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, spicy back of a length delivery outside off, Williamson rises on his toes to counter the extra bounce and pushes it to point
3.5
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, keeps it on a short of length, curling away outside off. Williamson wisely lets it pass
3.4
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, 150kph. Whangs it on a short of length, extracts inward movement which kept climbing towards Williamson's chest, who just manages to take his upper body away from the firing line
3.3
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, keeps his bat very to close to the bat and blocks it to backward point
3.2
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, 146kph, full, straight from Archer. Williamson with a half-a-stride to defend it
3.1
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, "Wait" says Williamson after meeting this length delivery with a defensive pat to point
2.6
Woakes to Guptill, no run, angling in, Guptill camps back and dead-bats it
2.5
Woakes to Williamson, 3 runs, errs in length, too short outside off. Williamson cashes in and steadily punches it through extra cover. Long boundaries here, so they will collect three
2.4
Woakes to Williamson, no run, throws his body weight back and cuts after getting tucked for room to point
2.3
Woakes to Williamson, no run, pacy, inducker. Kicking up and thuds Williamson on the pads, who gets defeated by the extra bounce and pace
2.2
Woakes to Williamson, no run, shortish outside off, Williamson jumps back and across to quell it to the off-side
2.1
Woakes to Williamson, no run, jerking back in closer to off. Williamson wanted to have a feel for that before belatedly pulling his bat out of the line
1.6
Jofra Archer to Guptill, 2 runs, the line is too straight from Archer on this occasion. Worked after rolling the wrists behind square. The long leg fielder had to cover some ground, so easy two for Guptill
1.5
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, good length, swerving in a touch just outside off. Guptill judges it well and leaves it alone
1.4
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, throat-seeking bouncer from Archer, raw pace and scary bounce. Guptill quickly ducks under it
1.3
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, back of a length, rearing up outside off. Guptill lifts his bat and lets it go
1.2
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, good length, straightens and Guptill with a nervous poke. Inside-edges it onto his pad
1.1
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, skiddy indipper, Guptill is beaten for pace and gets pinged on the pad
0.6
Woakes to Williamson, no run, scissoring in around off, Williamson covers for the line and blocks
0.5
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, out Lbw!! Got him. Pinned in front and Nicholls has been dismissed off the very first ball. Is he going to challenge the on-field decision? He walks down the pitch, consults Guptill about the possibility of a review but time's up already. Impressive start from Woakes. Nipped in off a length, Nicholls was fatally struck in his crease and gets rapped on the pads around the knee-roll. That would've slammed the middle and off-pole Oops! This is surprising. HawkEye says it's going over the stumps. Jeepers! My bad. On first viewling, it looked very close. Even S Ravi was so confident that he lifted his finger in a flash wkt (1-2) min (6m). Henry Nicholls lbw b Woakes 0(1)
0.4
Woakes to Guptill, 1 run, first legitimate runs for Guptill and New Zealand. Sits on the back foot and punches it wide of mid-off
0.3
Woakes to Guptill, no run, 137kph, hurls it into the blockhole. Guptill gets his bat down and jams it out
0.3
Woakes to Guptill, wide, overcooks the inswinger. In the process, strays it down the leg-side
0.2
Woakes to Guptill, no run, searches for more movement, but this time it's smidgen fuller. Guptill defends it to point
0.1
Woakes to Guptill, no run, 132kph, length outside off, away-swinger and good bounce for Woakes after the batsman let it pass. Buttler collects it in front of his face
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Tim,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Henry Nicholls
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
