49.6
Mustafizur to Sarfaraz, 1 run, no hat-trick for the Fizz as Sarfaraz plays a dab-and-run single on the off-side
49.5
Mustafizur to Amir, out Caught by Rahim!! Oh yes, he can! Back-to-back fifers for the Fizz and what's more? He is no a hat-trick. Another short ball and Amir's flashing blade can only buy him a thick edge en route to the keeper. The umpire took his time to signal the verdict, but the sound off the bat was clear and crisp. Absolutely smashed the splice of the bat wkt (9-314) min (16m). Amir c Rahim b Mustafizur 8(6) [4s-1]
49.4
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, out Caught by Mahmudullah!! Terrific knock from Imad Wasim. Gave his all and got Pakistan to a total a some substance, credit to him. Once again tries to take on the short ball and slices it off the cue end towards third man, easy catch for Mahmudullah. Another four-fer Mustafizur, can he get a five here wkt (8-314) min (49m). Imad Wasim c Mahmudullah b Mustafizur 43(26) [4s-6 6s-1]
49.3
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, no run, walks across and fails to sccop the slower delivery outside off. Too slow perhaps and Imad Wasim is livid with himself
49.2
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, FOUR, Imad Wasim continues to roll. Stays way outside his leg-stump and smears the low full toss in the gap behind point. No-one in the deep
49.1
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, 2 runs, low full toss on the stumps and Imad Wasim has whacked it away to the left of long-on, completes two with ease
48.6
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, 1 run, loopy full ball around off, Imad Wasim gets across and drives it in the gap between mid-wicket and mid-on
48.5
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, FOUR, and it keeps getting better for Imad Wasim! Another short ball and he slaps it over extra cover with brute power, has enough legs to all the way
48.4
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, FOUR, lots of width on this and Imad Wasim bullies it over extra cover to bring up Pakistan's 300. Glove-love between the duo as Pakistan fans rise up the volume at Lord's
48.3
Saifuddin to Amir, 1 run, shuffles a long way to the off-side but didn't read the change of pace from Saifuddin, toe-ends the scoop in front of square leg. A single nonetheless
48.2
Saifuddin to Amir, 2 runs, low full toss just outside off, Amir opens the bat face and slices the drive to the left of square third man
48.1
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, 1 run, hat-trick of short balls to Imad Wasim, this time he looked in better control as he pulled it in front of deep mid-wicket, on the bounce to the fielder
47.6
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, 1 run, another short ball and Imad Wasim hops on his toes to splice this away into the off-side
47.5
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, no run, and no wonder the umpire hasn't heard anything. Nothing on UltraEdge, so umpire Richard Kettleborough really has some sharp ears. Imad Wasim tries to go after the slower bumper with a ramp, but gets no bat on that. Huge appeal from Mushy behind the stumps but Bangladesh don't ponder over the review
47.4
Mustafizur to Amir, 1 run, takes the pace off and hits the splice as Amir looks to flick it away on the leg-side, the ball dribbles away wide of square leg to enable a single for the duo
47.3
Mustafizur to Amir, FOUR, excellent shot from Mohammad Amir! Picks the length and line, stays beside the delivery and middles the drive wide of extra cover
47.2
Mustafizur to Amir, no run, angling in on a good length around leg-stump, a firm defence from Amir
47.1
Mustafizur to Shadab Khan, out Caught&Bowled!! I'm afraid, Pakistan's slim chances of making it to the semis are diminishing very quickly here. Fizz gets the yorker right and Shadab Khan - while trying to jam it away - gets the leading edge straight back at the bowler. Mustafizur dives low to his left and takes a one-handed nail-grazer inches above the turf. Just brilliant stuff. Imad Wasim at the other end hangs his head down in frustration wkt (7-289) min (4m). Shadab Khan c and b Mustafizur 1(2)
46.6
Saifuddin to Shadab Khan, 1 run, good length around off, Shadab Khan drives with a straight bat and manages a single wide of long-on
46.5
Saifuddin to Riaz, out Bowled!! Yorker time. That would have cleaned up many top-order batsmen. 132ks, lands it right in the blockhole and it has battered the base of leg peg. Nothing much Riaz could have done about it, tried to bring his bat down but the precision from Saifuddin was so impressive . Shatters wkt (6-288) min (10m). Riaz b Saifuddin 2(4)
46.4
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, 1 run, rocks back and pulls the short ball down to deep square
46.4
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, wide, looks to take the pace off again and goes way wide of off-stump, reload please
46.3
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, SIX, this time! this time he has! Right in the slot for Imad Wasim and he has smoked that for a 83-metre maximum over the leaping fielder at wide long-on. Sweet as...
46.2
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, no run, slower and fuller, angling away outside off and Imad Wasim cannot connect with his heave down the ground
46.1
Saifuddin to Riaz, 1 run, picks the slower ball early and dabs it off the face towards backward point
45.6
Mustafizur to Riaz, 1 run, pushes the full ball wide of cover and Riaz is more than happy to keep strike for the next over
45.5
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, 1 run, neck-seeking bumper from the Fizz. It was so rapid that Imad Wasim had to bring his bat up to guard himself, just fiddled away into the off-side off the splice
45.4
Mustafizur to Riaz, leg byes, 1 run, cutter from Fizz, Riaz tries to play the tuck, but the change of pace means it hits him on the thigh pad and rolls to square leg
45.3
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short and wide, no pace indeed and Imad Wasim could only ramp it as far as straightish third man
45.2
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, FOUR, too far down leg now and Imad Wasim helps himself to another boundary! Picks the gap wide of fine leg and he's timed the flick to perfection
45.1
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, FOUR, serves up too much of width outside off and Imad Wasim ain't sparing that. Frees his arms and imposes himself on the cut to beat the diving fielder in the deep
44.6
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, 1 run, 131ks full outside off, driven firmly towards long-off
44.6
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, wide, tries another slower ball and dishes it too far outside off, a swing and a miss for Imad Wasim
44.5
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, FOUR, this slower ball sits up on the pitch wide of off-stump and Imad Wasim's thrashed that over backward point with disdain. Poor bowling and excellent batting
44.4
Saifuddin to Sarfaraz, 1 run, takes the pace off and bowls it on a length outside off, Sarfaraz crouches and pulls it away over mid-wicket. Only a single
44.4
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, no ball, 1 run, a front foot no ball from Saifuddin and this should get the Pakistan skipper going. Driven hard down towards long-off and wasn't far from crashing Sarfaraz
44.3
Saifuddin to Sarfaraz, 1 run, smart from Sarfaraz! Drops the 130ks length ball beside his feet and hustles to the other end for a quick single. He still looks to be in some pain as he swings his arm vigorously at the bowling end
44.2
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, 1 run, he has smashed Sarfaraz so hard that the Pakistan skipper is on his haunches and looks in no mood to get up anytime soon. Absolutely smacked the side of the elbow. Full ball outside off and Imad Wasim nailed it straight and flat at his skipper, Sarfaraz barely had any time to react
44.1
Saifuddin to Imad Wasim, no run, full and nipping away slightly just outside off, Imad Wasim tries to drive but gets no bat on that
43.6
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, 1 run, short ball speared at the chest, Imad Wasim with a slight swivel places the pull to deep square
43.5
Mustafizur to Haris Sohail, out Caught by Soumya Sarkar!! 100th ODI wicket for Mustafizur Rahman, he's got there in 54 games. Hits the deck hard with a slower short ball and the tennis-ball-esque bounce only compounds Sohail's problems. He tries to flay this away over sweeper but instead mistimed it straight to that man, Soumya Sarkar who takes the catch with minimum fuss wkt (5-255) min (13m). Haris Sohail c Soumya Sarkar b Mustafizur 6(6) [4s-1]
43.4
Mustafizur to Imad Wasim, 1 run, pins the yorker this time and Imad Wasim can only squeeze it as far mid-on
43.3
Mustafizur to Haris Sohail, 1 run, unveils the loopy yorker and Haris Sohail takes it on the full while whipping it away off his pads to the left of deep square
43.2
Mustafizur to Haris Sohail, no run, the voice levels hit the roof now as Haris Sohail decides to duck under a 127ks bumper on the stumps. Not pleased much, eh?
43.2
Mustafizur to Haris Sohail, wide, takes the pace off slightly and overcooks the line, well past Haris Sohail's flicking blade
43.1
Mustafizur to Haris Sohail, FOUR, that is Haris Sohail at his very best! Gets a 128ks full bunger outside off and he just makes look driving so easy. Just a press forward and timed the pants of the cover-drive past extra cover
42.6
Mehidy Hasan to Imad Wasim, no run, throws it flat and wide of off-stump, Imad Wasim goes hard on the flat-bat drive but cannot get it past the man at short cover
42.5
Mehidy Hasan to Imad Wasim, no run, flatter and attacking off, punched back to the bowler
42.4
Mehidy Hasan to Hafeez, out Caught by Shakib!! For the umpteenth time in this tournament, Hafeez gets out to a slogsweep. Could be his final World Cup match this and not a great way to end your tournament. Sees fair amount of loop on this and went for the stroke, didn't really find the middle and Shakib was lurking at the deep square boundary to grab that. Mehidy Hasan has been superb in his first spell and he thoroughly deserved a wicket against his name. Better late than never! wkt (4-248) min (49m). Hafeez c Shakib b Mehidy Hasan 27(25) [4s-3]
42.3
Mehidy Hasan to Hafeez, no run, appeal for leg before but no review from Bangladesh! Hafeez wanted to reverse sweep this fullish delivery and may have gotten just outside the line of off and hence the umpire didn't seem interested
42.2
Mehidy Hasan to Haris Sohail, 1 run, quicker on the stumps, eased down to long-on
42.1
Mehidy Hasan to Hafeez, 1 run, flatter on middle, wristed away to the right of mid-wicket
41.6
Mustafizur to Haris Sohail, no run, angling back in just outside off, Haris Sohail has a firm push sans any feet and the inside edge skims past the off pole en route the keeper. Another day it would have gone straight back at the stumps
41.5
Mustafizur to Imam, out Hit Wkt!! What.A.Shame. 'Ecstasy followed by agony in one minute' Mark Nicholas sums it up perfectly on air. One of those cutters from the Fizz and Imam wanted to tuck it through square leg, but in the process of trying to place it square he jumped too far inside the crease and crashed into the base of the stumps. The boots of course doing all the damage. Imam walks back to a huge round of applause but he would be gutted with the way he got out wkt (3-246) min (172m). Imam hit wkt b Mustafizur 100(100) [4s-7]
41.4
Mustafizur to Hafeez, 1 run, back of a length on middle and leg, clipped away square on the leg-side
41.3
Mustafizur to Imam, 1 run, What a fine player this young man is! His maiden World Cup hundred for Pakistan and I'm sure there are plenty to come. Get that name on the honors board already! The entire dressing room is up on its feet as Imam gets to the milestone with a drive to long-on. The helmet goes up and there's a huge roar from the fans as the 23-year old soaks in all the applause. Can he up the ante now and help Pakistan achieve a mammoth total?
41.2
Mustafizur to Imam, no run, woof! Nerves. Imam drove this straight to Mortaza at mid-off and had to pause his instinct on seeing the fielder pounce on the ball
41.1
Mustafizur to Hafeez, 1 run, slower short of length delivery just outside off, Hafeez opens the bat face and runs it fine of third man
40.6
Shakib to Imam, 2 runs, sits back inside the crease and cuts this square on the off-side, the fielder at sweeper was deep and Imam wanted a third, his partner though was a bit circumspect and told no straightaway
40.5
Shakib to Hafeez, 1 run, nudged round the corner for an easy single
40.4
Shakib to Hafeez, FOUR, more freebies for Hafeez! Short and drifting into the pad, Hafeez adjusts well on the back foot and gets a fine tickle past the keeper, Mortaza at short fine could only escort it to the fence
40.3
Shakib to Hafeez, FOUR, superb from the Professor! Invitingly tossed up outside off and Hafeez lifts this inside out with a hint of swagger, once he got it over extra cover there's no stopping that
40.2
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, advances and whips the drive to the left of long-on
40.1
Shakib to Hafeez, 1 run, sliding in with the arm, Hafeez backs away a touch and punches it straight to sweeper cover
39.6
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Imam defends to the left of the bowler
39.5
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 2 runs, tucked to mid-wicket, easy run, a needless shy at the bowler's end and there's no one backing up. Overthrow gives Imam an extra run
39.4
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, hurried delivery, Imam defends off the back foot
39.3
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, neatly flicks to mid-wicket, thought about a run there
39.3
Mehidy Hasan to Hafeez, wide, 2, oopsy! Fired this down the leg-side, tries the seam-up ball and spills it. Rahim couldn't stop the ball, extra run leaked
39.2
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, leg-side ball, gentle glance to short fine leg
39.1
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, fullish and on the stumps, Imam flicks it to short mid-wicket
38.6
Shakib to Hafeez, 2 runs, shortish delivery on the leg stump, Hafeez pulls it through backward square leg
38.5
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, pushed away to long-on
38.4
Shakib to Imam, FOUR, now wait! How did he hit a slog-sweep straight back over the bowler's head? When a batsman is down on one knee, you normally see them target mid-wicket but such is Imam's talent that he hits it dead straight to beat long-on into the fence
38.3
Shakib to Hafeez, 1 run, cut in front of square this time to cover-point
38.2
Shakib to Hafeez, no run, the arm-ball, Hafeez goes back and cuts late to find backward point
38.1
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, nicely down to the pitch of the ball to drive this flighted delivery to long-on. The ball beats Shakib's dive to his left to save the single
37.6
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, opens the face of the bat and guides it to third man, thought about the second, would have been suicidal
37.5
Mortaza to Imam, no run, oh the bouncer from Mash. Imam misses the pull, rose steeply. One for the over says ump
37.4
Mortaza to Imam, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Imam defends
37.3
Mortaza to Imam, FOUR, he's mishit that. Mortaza's pace allows you to run down the pitch at will, Mortaza dropped it short to stop the batsman from playing a big hit, but Imam manages to slap it over extra-cover
37.2
Mortaza to Hafeez, 1 run, off-cutter on the leg stump, Hafeez works it to long leg
37.1
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, full face of the bat to this length delivery, rolls to long-on
36.6
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, a front foot nudge in front of backward point
36.5
Shakib to Hafeez, 1 run, watchfully pushed to long-on
36.4
Shakib to Imam, leg byes, 1 run, spinning back in, Imam misses the flick, hit on the pad, rolls to square leg. Heading down leg
36.3
Shakib to Hafeez, 1 run, almost yorks himself there, dug out to long-off
36.2
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, that's more like it, a neat on-drive off the front foot to long-on for a run
36.1
Shakib to Imam, no run, why! Why attempt a fancy reverse sweep when the shots down the ground are doing just fine! Luckily this was missing leg as it missed Imam's bat/glove and rolled to short fine off the pad
35.6
Mortaza to Hafeez, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Hafeez defends off the back foot
35.5
Mortaza to Hafeez, no run, gentle length delivery, Hafeez defends towards cover
35.4
Mortaza to Hafeez, 2 runs, now this is a late-cut running away to the boundary, but Tamim runs to his right from third man and keeps it down to two. Excellent effort
35.3
Mortaza to Hafeez, FOUR, the Professor turns it on now. Overpitched delivery outside off stump, Hafeez takes a step forward and lofts the drive over mid-off, neatly timed hit that
35.2
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, shortish delivery from Mortaza, Imam punches off the back foot to mid-on
35.1
Mortaza to Imam, no run, Mortaza comes round the wicket for this good length delivery, Imam defends from the crease
34.6
Shakib to Hafeez, no run, fullish delivery, pushed to cover
34.5
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, Imam watches the ball closely and plays an on-drive to long-on
34.4
Shakib to Hafeez, 1 run, really full and slow, Hafeez drives to long-off
34.3
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, covers the line and drives it to long-on
34.2
Shakib to Imam, no run, defended to the right of short mid-wicket
34.1
Shakib to Imam, no run, got to be forward to such deliveries. Imam hangs back to meet this flighted full delivery and catches the inside edge that goes to ground
33.6
Saifuddin to Hafeez, no run, nice full delivery from Saifuddin, Hafeez digs it out
33.5
Saifuddin to Hafeez, no run, watchfully defended from the crease
33.4
Saifuddin to Imam, 1 run, leg-side delivery again, Imam tucks it through backward square leg
33.3
Saifuddin to Imam, no run, defended into the off-side
33.2
Saifuddin to Imam, 2 runs, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Imam flicks it behind square for a run
33.1
Saifuddin to Imam, FOUR, lovely cut shot. Short of a length delivery outside off stump, lot of room, so Imam waits and cuts late, beats backward point and it races away
32.6
Mehidy Hasan to Hafeez, no run, flatter delivery, Hafeez defends off the back foot
32.5
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, punched to long-on
32.4
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 4 runs, oh dear! Four runs gifted to Imam and Pakistan. Imam stepped out and drove it to the bowler, Mehidy Hasan had a needless shy towards the keeper and fired a wild throw. Rahim had no chance diving to his left
32.3
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, flatter delivery on the stumps, Imam defends off the back foot
32.2
Mehidy Hasan to Hafeez, 1 run, very full, Hafeez drives it to long-on
32.1
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, driven to long-off
31.6
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, out Lbw!! What an anticlimax that is to what looked like a certain and big hundred. Brilliant innings anyway. This was a low full toss from Saifuddin, Babar walked towards the bowler to flick, but missed the incoming angle, the ball hit him low on the pad in line of middle stump. Umpire Richard Kettleborough gave it a thought and then raised the finger. Babar reviewed immediately. That tells you how much he wanted to stay out there despite not hitting it. As soon as the replay was shown, the Bangladesh fans gave the decision themselves even without seeing UltraEdge and Hawkeye! Babar would have normally knocked around on another day, but attack is the word for today for Pakistan and he succumbed in the process. Thanks for the entertainment Babar Azam wkt (2-180) min (102m). Babar Azam lbw b Saifuddin 96(98) [4s-11]
31.5
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, FOUR, he's hit it to the opposite side, the uphill doesn't matter. Leg-side freebie on short of length, Babar flicks behind square, beats short fine leg and it escapes the boundary
31.4
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, FOUR, top hit that! Look at the timing, he's punched this off the back foot and the off-side is downhill for Babar, once it beat extra-cover, it was always very tough for the man in the deep. Into the 90s now
31.3
Saifuddin to Imam, 1 run, nicely dabbed away to third man, played this length ball really late
31.3
Saifuddin to Imam, wide, another leg-side wide
31.2
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, 1 run, pace off the ball on this good length delivery, Babar mistimes the drive past mid-wicket
31.1
Saifuddin to Imam, 3 runs, slower ball down the leg-side, gentle flick past short fine leg, downhill at Lord's on this side, deep square leg runs to his left and cuts it off
30.6
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, no run, tries to use the pace of the bowler and run it fine past short third man but hits to the fielder
30.5
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, no run, nice back foot punch, but doesn't hit the gap, straight to cover
30.4
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Imam leans forward and drives it to deep extra-cover
30.3
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, 1 run, leg-side delivery, Babar turns it to short fine leg
30.2
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, drives off the front foot to long-off
30.1
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, oh almost through. The slider from Mehidy Hasan, Imam was hanging back to defend, the ball just touched the bat before it hit pad. Punched into the off-side
29.6
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, FOUR, this bloke is stamping his authority. A great phase of play to this innings. Mustafizur doesn't learn and bowls a short ball with a big gap behind square on the on-side, this time Babar pulls really hard and gets it towards the backward square leg boundary
29.5
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, FOUR, and he delights the crowd with a brilliant pull shot. The atmosphere is very good out there. Mustafizur tried to bounce Babar out, but Babar was nicely into position to pull, great timing and deep mid-wicket had too much to cover to his right
29.4
Mustafizur to Imam, 1 run, oh Imam was early into the pull shot to this short delivery, the ball rolls to deep square leg off the bottom of the bat
29.3
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, 1 run, slower delivery on the leg stump, Babar flicks it to deep square leg
29.2
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, FOUR, swiped across the line, he's not missing out on a boundary-scoring opportunity. Brave hit because it's an off-cutter and he's playing completely across the line trying a pull shot, he adjusted to the lack of pace and hit it between mid-on and mid-wicket
29.1
Mustafizur to Imam, 1 run, off-cutting slower delivery, Imam pushes it to mid-off and rushes across to the other end
28.6
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, short and spinning away outside off stump, Imam cuts to sweeper cover. A very smart over from Mehidy Hasan. Batsmen couldn't have done much
28.5
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, 1 run, Babar wanted to bunt it down the ground, but the length was too full and Mehidy Hasan hurried him too on that occasion, rolls to long-on
28.4
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, no run, spinning back in, Babar steps out and flicks to mid-wicket
28.3
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, neatly driven along the ground to long-on
28.2
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Imam defends off the front foot
28.1
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, 1 run, short and spinning back in, Babar punches it to long-on
27.6
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, leg byes, 1 run, highly optimistic appeal for LBW. It's got to pitch in line with the sticks. No Mash! No, no, don't review. Absolute waste of time. Thankfully he doesn't. Length delivery pitching outside leg stump, beats Azam on the flick and hits the pad, Imam calls for a quick single and gets home before Rahim rattled the sticks with a direct-hit
27.5
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, oh slightly squared up by this off-cutter, Babar manages to defend off the outer half of the bat
27.4
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, steepler, Babar lets it pass, probably thought it was too high
27.3
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, FOUR, brilliant flick shot! He wasn't given any room to free the arms, but he just went back and short-arm jabbed the shot on the move, wasn't even balanced. Gee, some hit that. Sped away past mid-wicket and the ball beats Sarkar's dive to the left at the fence
27.2
Mustafizur to Imam, 1 run, uses the pace and guides this short of length delivery third man
27.1
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Babar guides it to third man
26.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, 1 run, punched off the back foot to long-on
26.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, dropped again. You can't blame the keeper for this. Massive deviation as Babar tries to defend and gets a thick edge, the ball moves a long way and hits Rahim on the right knee, misses the pad and hits the bone. Aah! That's painful. Rahim limps, he's being attended by the physio now
26.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, wide, fired down the leg-side
26.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Imam, 3 runs, was that a chance? Imam tries to push off the front foot, the ball spun away, looked like it took the edge, Rahim couldn't move his hands in time, flicks the glove and goes to third man. Fifty for Imam by the way. Tough catch though
26.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Imam, FOUR, cut shot, straight to sweeper cover, oh dear, the fielder, Saifuddin lets that go right through his fingers. "What's happening?" exclaims Athars on air. Athar Ali Khan I mean
26.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, 1 run, punched away to long-on
26.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, FOUR, lovely shot! Low full toss after Babar steps out and takes it on the full, drives from the middle of the bat and gets it wide of mid-off
25.6
Mustafizur to Imam, FOUR, pull shot, deep mid-wicket runs to his left, he dives, but he fails to get any hand on it. Short delivery from Mustafizur, Imam pulls powerfully along the ground and gets a much needed boundary
25.5
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, 1 run, guided past point this time
25.4
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, Babar cuts along the ground to backward point this time, who has a shy at the bowler's end, probably in frustration about the dropped chance
25.3
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, 2 runs, dropped. That should have been pouched by Mosaddek. Short and wide from Mustafizur, Babar Azam fails to control the cut shot, hit it pretty well, backward point puts his arms out to his left, but fails to stretch quickly and it pops out. Came at a very catchable height around the hips
25.2
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Babar Azam defends to point
25.1
Mustafizur to Imam, 1 run, short of length delivery down the leg-side, Imam flicks to backward square leg
24.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Imam, 1 run, Imam miscues the pull shot completely, uppishly goes wide of mid-wicket to long-on
24.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, 1 run, advances and drives to long-on
24.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, now he almost chops one on. The quicker delivery surprising Babar Azam on the back foot defence, the ball hits the face of the bat, because the batsman was late on the shot, it goes back and interestingly the ball bounced and came back towards the batsman slightly. Babar Azam kicks it away
24.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, oh inside edge onto pad, Babar wanted to pull that hard, lucky that the edge hit the leg and rolled into the off-side
24.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Imam, 1 run, use of the feet to get to the pitch of the ball and then a firm off-drive along the ground to long-off
24.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Babar digs it out to long-on
23.6
Shakib to Imam, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Imam flicks to the left of the bowler
23.5
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, short delivery, Babar goes back and pulls to deep mid-wicket. Nelson on the board
23.4
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, now Babar Azam steps out, but Shakib keeps him calm by bowling outside off stump, forcing to defend
23.3
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, covers the line and defends
23.2
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, guided away off the back foot to deep backward point
23.1
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, goes back and punches it to deep extra-cover
22.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, 1 run, punched off the back foot to long-on
22.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, FOUR, what a shot! Four dots, but that doesn't trouble Babar. He doesn't try a rash shot. Reads the short ball early, rocks back and punches hard past the diving fielder at extra-cover. Pakistan's best batsman records another fifty in the tournament (4th 50+ score) and it's his 15th ODI fifty as well
22.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, Mosaddek tries the yorker, bowls a low full toss, dug out into the off-side
22.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, no flight on this one, Babar forced to defend off the back foot to the right of the bowler
22.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, Babar wanted to pull that it wasn't really short for the shot, mistimed to mid-wicket
22.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, easy forward press
21.6
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, punched off the back foot to long-on
21.5
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, cut square of the wicket on the off-side
21.4
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, defends to cover and sets off, "Keeper," shouts Rahim. Imam had to dive in the end, very risky run that
21.3
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, stays deep in the crease and flicks to deep mid-wicket. 100 up for Pakistan and the volume is turned up by their fans now
21.2
Shakib to Imam, no run, over the wicket to the left-hander, Imam defends to mid-wicket
21.1
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, knocks the leg-side ball to square leg for an easy run
20.6
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, 1 run, got to bowl fuller, short ball pulled to deep mid-wicket and he will keep strike
20.5
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, 2 runs, pulled away nicely off the back foot, but the fielder at deep mid-wicket slides and saves two
20.4
Mosaddek Hossain to Babar Azam, no run, flatter and outside off stump from over the wicket, Babar defends and gets a thickish edge that rolls into the on-side
20.3
Mosaddek Hossain to Imam, 1 run, pushed off the front foot, the dive at cover isn't good enough to stop, went well wide of the fielder
20.2
Mosaddek Hossain to Imam, no run, slower through the air and on the off stump, Imam watchfully blocks
20.1
Mosaddek Hossain to Imam, no run, begins with a short ball, Imam pulls well, but the man at mid-wicket dives to his left and stops the ball
19.6
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, tries to cut this away square through the off-side but not much room and gets a bottom edge onto the track
19.5
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, drifting in from outside off, Babar leans forward and pats it towards the cover region. Wanted the single but is sent back in time
19.4
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, flighted this time on a length, Imam continues to sit deep on the back foot and strokes it down to long-on
19.3
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, slightly short and outside off, crunched off the back foot to sweeper cover
19.2
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, down the pitch goes Imam but this is a flatter that catches the inside edge through mid-wicket. Sharp single
19.1
Shakib to Imam, no run, flatter and around off, punched off the back foot and Shakib gets across quite a lot from his followthrough to make thje stop at the vacant silly mid-off region
18.6
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, Imam gets across on the back foot and dabs it to mid-wicket
18.5
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, angling in on leg stump, Babar flicks away through backward square leg
18.4
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 2 runs, the supple wrists of Babar on show yet again as he picks this from just outside off and whips it away behind square leg. The deep fielder gets across to make the stop
18.3
Mortaza to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and on off stump, Babar shuffles a bit and nudges it to short mid-wicket
18.2
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, angling in from outside off, Imam sits back and punches it down to long-on
18.1
Mortaza to Imam, 2 runs, the running continues to be good for Pakistan. This was a widish length ball and Imam reached out to steer it wide of backward point. Third man had a bit of ground to cover to his left and they steal a brace
17.6
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, sliding in with the arm, bunted off the back foot towards Shakib
17.5
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, slower and closer to off stump, nudged with an open face to short third man
17.4
Shakib to Babar Azam, 2 runs, drifting into the pads, on a good length and Babar hangs back to work this into the gap at deep mid-wicket
17.3
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, flatter and around off, defended off the back foot this time, to cover
17.2
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and outside off, jammed out from the crease to cover
17.1
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, in the air...safe! Shakib outwitted Babar who was down the pitch for the drive but was forced to defend. Bat-pad that fortunately for the latter, falls safe in the infield. Replays show that it was off the glove
16.6
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, Babar continues to use the premeditated shuffle, walks across to the fullish in-angler and glances it down to fine leg
16.5
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 2 runs, a bit of width on this length ball and Babar leans into the punchy drive through extra cover. Sweeper gets around to mop up
16.4
Mortaza to Babar Azam, no run, angling in on a fuller length around off stump, another shuffle but this time solid in defence
16.3
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 2 runs, fuller and straighter in line, Babar shuffles across a bit and whips it away elegantly towards the left of deep mid-wicket. Stylishly done by Babar
16.2
Mortaza to Babar Azam, no run, shortish and closer to off stump, blocked off the back foot to point
16.1
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, shortish and angling in from outside off, steered off the back foot down to third man
15.6
Shakib to Babar Azam, no run, slows it down considerably and keeps it fuller, Babar lunges forward to defend
15.5
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, quicker and shorter outside off, crunched off the back foot to long-on
15.4
Shakib to Imam, no run, slower and fuller around off, Imam leans forward and nurdles this to mid-wicket
15.3
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter and sliding in on middle and leg, Babar sits back and punches it to long-on
15.2
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, spinning in from middle and leg, worked off the back foot to deep square leg
15.1
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, flatter and sliding into Babar who punches it down the ground to long-on
14.6
Mortaza to Imam, 2 runs, more good running. Imam milks this through the gap at mid-wicket with a subtle flick stroke and the duo run briskly to eke out a brace
14.5
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, shortish and wider outside off, cut away late towards deep third man
14.4
Mortaza to Babar Azam, no run, angling in on middle and off, defended well from the crease with a straight bat
14.3
Mortaza to Imam, 3 runs, spilled onto the pads and Imam flicks it away after walking across the sticks a bit. Beat Shakib at short fine leg but the all-rounder gave a long chase to save a run. Imam would have been in trouble if he missed this one
14.2
Mortaza to Imam, no run, shortish and wider as well, Imam cuts off the back foot but can't beat point
14.1
Mortaza to Imam, 2 runs, sharp running and they steal the second run as well. Imam sat back to work this through mid-wicket and as he hadn't hit it hard, a brace was on the cards if they ran hard and Babar Azam ensured that it was done. He seems to be proactive out there
13.6
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, fuller and on the pads, Imam works it away towards deep square leg
13.5
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, down the pitch goes Babar on seeing the flight, nudges it away down to long-on
13.4
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, slows it down and keeps it outside off, Imam leans forward to pat this towards the gap at backward point
13.3
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, fuller and quicker as well, hurried Babar into the defence and took an inside edge to square leg
13.2
Shakib to Imam, 1 run, slower and slightly short on leg stump, Imam hangs back and tucks it to deep square leg
13.1
Shakib to Babar Azam, 1 run, tossed up wider outside off, Babar presses forward and eases it through point
13.1
Shakib to Babar Azam, wide, 5 erratic start from Shakib, slips this one down leg and Babar isn't able to get bat on it, Rahim can't gather it clean too
12.6
Mortaza to Imam, no run, shortish and closer to the off stump, blocked from the crease to point
12.5
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, strays onto the pads and Azam glances it away down to fine leg. Wanted the second but doesn't find any response from Imam. Azam isn't amused at all, he feels the second run should have been taken there
12.4
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, shorter and wider outside off, Imam cracks the cut away towards deep point
12.3
Mortaza to Imam, no run, slower and fuller outside off, blocked off the front foot to backward point
12.2
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, superb judgement of a run. This was jabbed onto the pitch by Azam and the duo decided to sneak the single. They knew that old Mortaza can't beat them in a sprint to get to the ball that was near the stumps
12.1
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, the hard length outside off, not much pace on it and Imam steers it to backward point
11.6
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, on a length outside off, Azam checks his drive towards point
11.5
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, fuller and outside off, blocked off the front foot to the off-side
11.4
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, dug in short closer to the off pole, not that pacy but Azam sways away from it
11.3
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, back of a length outside off, Azam dishes out the square cut this time but picks out point
11.2
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, play and a miss! A near replica of the previous ball, just that Azam doesn't get bat on it this time around. Once again goes hard on the cut, on seeing the short and wide stuff but can't connect
11.1
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, FOUR, edged but goes between the keeper and wide slip! The fielder had been moved from the traditional first slip position after the previous over and this goes exactly through that region. Azam saw it short and wide, and threw his hands at it for the cut. Gets a slice that whizzes away through the big gap
10.6
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, pitched up on middle and leg, Azam wrists it away nicely through mid-wicket
10.5
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 2 runs, fuller and straighter in line, clipped away through square leg for a brace
10.4
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Imam glides it with an open face down to third man
10.3
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, fuller and just around off stump, squeezed off the inside half to mid-wicket
10.2
Mortaza to Imam, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Imam delays the dab down to third man
10.1
Mortaza to Babar Azam, 1 run, shortish and Azam climbs on to the back foot punch through the covers. There is a sweeper in place
9.6
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, 1 run, now, the touch-play. Turning it in front of mid-wicket
9.5
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, FOUR, no need to run for these, save your legs Azam. Rahman drags it short and wafts it just outside off, Azam gets on top of the bounce and stunningly punches it past cover
9.4
Mustafizur to Imam, 1 run, straightish line, Imam neatly clips it through square leg
9.3
Mustafizur to Imam, no run, short of length, kicking up and Imam hops back to defend it to point
9.2
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, 1 run, good length, on middle and leg. Wristed away to deep mid-wicket
9.1
Mustafizur to Babar Azam, no run, goes fuller outside off, Azam without bothering to move his feet chases at it and toe-ends the drive to extra cover
8.6
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, 1 run, tossed up, Azam skates down the pitch and works it away to long-on
8.5
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, no run, fast, drifting away just outside off. Azam gets his weight forward and meets it with a defensive push
8.4
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, no run, crouches low and turns it on the off mid-wicket
8.3
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, no run, straightish now from Mehidy, dead-batted
8.2
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, 2 runs, 96kph, zips quicker off the pitch outside off. Azam was swift enough to read it and slams it off the sweet spot past extra cover. Long boundaries, so they will collect two
8.1
Mehidy Hasan to Babar Azam, no run, plenty of air by Mehidy, Azam stoutly smothers it off the front foot
7.6
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, 1 run, fluent drive towards mid-on, the fielder makes a half-stop and they will pinch the single
7.5
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, no run, good comeback by Saifuddin. Pitches it on a fuller length just outside off and gets a slight nibble as Azam wasn't fully forward to defend. It also kept a touch low and Azam gets beaten
7.4
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, FOUR, the shot of the man in-form. However, it was a buffet ball from Saifuddin. Veering on the pads which is Azam's strength. Flicked effortlessly past square leg
7.3
Saifuddin to Babar Azam, no run, 129kph, homing on middle. Azam covers for the inward shape and blocks
7.2
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, out Caught by Mehidy Hasan!! Fakhar Zaman's underwhelming tournament comes to an end. He is Pakistan's aggressor at the top, so it's a big blow for them now. Saifuddin kept teasing with the wide lines, throws it full and outside off. Zaman takes the bait and flashes it hard, uppishly and straight to point. Mehidy pockets a sharp catch and Saifuddin breaks into his trademark celebration. It came off the toe-end, hence the connection was awry wkt (1-23) min (27m). Fakhar Zaman c Mehidy Hasan b Saifuddin 13(31) [4s-1]
7.1
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, shortish outside off, Zaman flails his hands and cracks it to cover
6.6
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, floats it full, knocked off the front foot
6.5
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, lovely loop on this off-break, blunted off the back foot
6.4
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, goes wide of the crease and slants it in, tucked to short fine leg. Imam was keen for the single but Zaman wasn't interested
6.3
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, very well flighted on off, Imam props forward in defence
6.2
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, keeps it flat outside off, Zaman goes back and punches it to long-off
6.1
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, Mehidy sees the batsman taking a few strides, pushes it quicker and keeps it short. Zaman can only block it
5.6
Saifuddin to Imam, FOUR, glorious from Imam. Saifuddin feeds a half-volley just outside off, Imam doesn't do anything fancy. Gets his feet across, brings his bat down in an arc and drives it with supreme timing through extra cover
5.5
Saifuddin to Imam, no run, pitched up, wooes Imam forward. Driven to extra cover
5.4
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, shorter outside off, Zaman throws his bat and gets an outside edge which flies away to third man
5.3
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, very full at 131kph outside off, Zaman goes hard on the drive but can only place it to mid-off
5.2
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, shoots in a yorker just outside off, jammed to mid-off
5.1
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, 128kph, nipping back into the left-hander. Zaman gets behind the line and nudges it with a closed bat-face to mid-wicket
4.6
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, slanted in with the arm, Zaman tries stabbing it with a straight bat and inside-edges it to square leg
4.5
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, slowish and pulls his length back, Zaman uses his reach to quell it
4.4
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, flighted outside off, keeps a tad low and Zaman drives it straight to extra cover
4.3
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, stomps forward and kills the spin
4.2
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, gets a lot of overspin on this tossie, it darts in and Zaman was playing for the spin. Quickly gets his bat line and hurriedly defends off the inside edge
4.1
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, loops it up just outside off, Zaman casually pushes it to point
3.6
Saifuddin to Imam, FOUR, that's a poor end to the over from Saifuddin. Drifts it down leg, easy pickings for Imam as he gets across and flicks it past the man at 45
3.5
Saifuddin to Imam, no run, probing line just outside off, Imam opens his bat face and steers it to the right of point. Mosadekk stretches his right hand and stops it
3.4
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, swinging in, ends up as a pacy low full toss and Zaman turns it away to mid-wicket
3.3
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, length just outside off, standing punch to extra cover
3.2
Saifuddin to Imam, 1 run, oh, they are at it again. Direct-hit at the bowler's end could've been curtains for Imam but Mehidy can't nail the stumps. Dropped in front of cover and gets a nod for the single from Fakhar. Imam realizes that the throw is coming to his end as Mehidy was charging in, picks up and quickly releases it only to miss the target by a few inches. Imam dived but I reckon he would've been still short
3.1
Saifuddin to Imam, no run, 131kph, back of a length on leg-stump line. Imam gets in-line and defends it to the leg-side
2.6
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, bit of confusion but nothing to worry in the end as Zaman turns back to reach safety. Pushed towards extra cover and wanted a single but Imam wasn't ready and sends him back in the nick of time
2.5
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, quicker from Hasan, blocked from the crease
2.4
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, Zaman dances out and totally miscues after getting foxed by the flight. Loses his shape and balance as he fails to meet the pitch. Slices it up in the air and luckily for him, it drops a few yards wide of long-off
2.3
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, brings Zaman forward with a flighted delivery. Dead-batted cleanly
2.2
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, flatter, straighter and Imam picks it away through square leg
2.1
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, 86kph, floaty off-break outside off. Imam allows for the ball to spin and pokes it to point
1.6
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, searches for the inswinger and in the process, strays it on leg-stump. The fine leg was inside the ring and Zaman was aware about it. Nurdled it past him and gets back for the second before it was cut off by the man from deep square leg
1.5
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, adhers to the stump-to-stump line, cautiously defended
1.4
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, screams away through cover. "Good that about Fakhar is that he will not waste time," chirps Ramiz Raja on air. It was a bad ball and deserved the bashing. Too short and well outside off, Zaman was able to free his arms and slams it in the pocket between cover and point
1.3
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, shortens his length, getting some zip and Zaman blocks it off the back foot
1.2
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and it skids on, rapping Zaman on the pad around the knee-roll. Gentle query from Saifuddin for lbw but it's pitched outside leg
1.1
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, pacy, inswinging low full toss. Zaman pushes it to mid-on
0.6
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, angles the armer, sliding on leg and Imam tickles it to short fine leg, where the fielder puts in the dive and stops it
0.5
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, Zaman has had enough and gets off the mark with a crispy driven to long-off
0.4
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on target again from Hasan, attacking the three stumps. Forward and eased
0.3
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, little quicker, but accurate at the stumps. Zaman stretches forward and smothers it
0.2
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, 84kph, gives more air and Zaman tucks it softly to mid-wicket
0.1
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, slowish off-break, Zaman remains back and defends
Commentary
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Soumya Sarkar,Liton Das,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
Hafeez, Sarfaraz Ahmed,Wahab Riaz,Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan, Shaheen Afridi
