29.2
Ferguson to Malinga, out Bowled!! Knocked him over! A 142kph low full toss aimed at the stumps, Malinga backs away and is late to bring his bat down. Crashes into the base of the middle stump and Sri Lanka have been bowled out for 136. Ferguson finishes with three wickets wkt (10-136) min (9m). Malinga b Ferguson 1(2)
29.1
Ferguson to Karunaratne, 1 run, a 140kph bouncer and Karunaratne doesn't quite time his pull shot. Santner runs in from deep square leg, dives forward and takes it with both hands. The soft signal is OUT. Did the ball make contact with the ground? That's the only question. The TV umpire reckons that it did brush the grass. The soft signal has been overturned. Wow! Looked like a fair catch to me - as he had his fingers under the ball. But, the third umpire's call is what matters
28.6
Boult to Karunaratne, 1 run, a low full toss and Karunaratne flicks it away to fine leg and keeps the strike
28.6
Boult to Karunaratne, wide, slipped down leg, past Karunaratne's flick
28.5
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, change of pace, shorter in length, Karunaratne spots it late and bunts it to mid-off
28.4
Boult to Karunaratne, 2 runs, fifty for Dimuth Karunaratne! A big round of applause from the Cardiff crowd. Boult slips in a yorker and Karunaratne tried to hoick across the line. Inside-edges it through backward square leg and the Lankan skipper comes back for the second. The throw came to the bowler's end, but was way off target
28.3
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, short of a good length ball, Karunaratne late-dabs it to short third man
28.2
Boult to Malinga, 1 run, 134kph, back of a length delivery, Malinga opens the bat-face and runs it down to third man. There was only one slip in place
28.1
Boult to Lakmal, out Caught by Santner!! Lakmal has been bounced out. A sharp bumper at 135kph at head-high and Lakmal took his eyes off the ball. Despite that, he went through with his pull shot only to get a top edge. The ball pops up and Santner gobbles it up coming in from cover-point wkt (9-130) min (19m). Lakmal c Santner b Boult 7(13) [4s-1]
27.6
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, 146kph, yorker length, Karunaratne is late on the flick. Off the toe-end and the ball dies down on the leg-side
27.5
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, exposes all his stumps by moving leg-side does Karunaratne. Ferguson darts it wide of off and the batsman can't make contact
27.4
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, Karunaratne backs away and Ferguson follows him a slow bouncer, Karunaratne strangely ducks under it. It was a free-hit and he could have thrown his bat at it
27.4
Ferguson to Lakmal, no ball, 1 run, banged in short and Lakmal goes for the ambitious pull shot despite the ball getting big on him. The ball lobbed up off the edge and fell short of the third man fielder. Called a no-ball, but I reckon there was some part of Ferguson's boot behind the line
27.3
Ferguson to Karunaratne, 1 run, fuller length ball, hoicked away to deep square leg
27.2
Ferguson to Karunaratne, FOUR, a full toss on off, Karunaratne moves across a long way and manages to deflect it by paddling it away very fine
27.1
Ferguson to Lakmal, 1 run, 140kph, Lakmal clears his front leg and swings his bat hard against this full ball. KW slides to his left at mid-off, but misfields which allows Lakmal to take the single
26.6
Boult to Lakmal, 1 run, a low full toss, meant to be the yorker. Lakmal ekes out an inside edge towards square leg and Lakmal will keep the strike
26.5
Boult to Lakmal, FOUR, big round of applause! A slower, short ball, Lakmal hops and upper-cuts it over covers. Decent shot from the No. 10
26.4
Boult to Lakmal, no run, 139kph, full and wide outside off asking the batsman to drive. Lakmal almost falls for the bait as he goes for the booming drive, gets beaten on the outside edge
26.3
Boult to Lakmal, no run, 138kph, fuller and on the stumps, solidly blocked by Lakmal
26.2
Boult to Lakmal, no run, 139kph, away-angler outside off, Lakmal slashes with cemented feet, connects with thin air
26.1
Boult to Lakmal, no run, 140kph, Lakmal stays leg-side of the ball to keep out this length ball on the off-side
25.6
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, pacy bumper to end the over, Karunaratne backs away to go over the in-field on the off-side, beaten for pace
25.5
Ferguson to Lakmal, Byes, 1 run, another bouncer, over the batter's head, but Ferguson gets away with it as it's not wided. Once again, Latham can only half-stop with a leap and the batsmen sneak through for a single - via byes
25.4
Ferguson to Lakmal, no run, full and on the stumps, Lakmal clears his front leg for a mow acorss the line, inside-halves it into the on-side
25.3
Ferguson to Karunaratne, 1 run, dropped? A well-directed bouncer and Karunaratne got into a tangle. By the time the lefty pulled his bat in, the ball had already trimmed his outside edge. Latham jumped full length, but could only get fingertips it. Would be harsh to call it a chance
25.2
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, 139kph, fuller length ball and Karunaratne misses the flick. Pitched outside leg and hence no appeal for lbw
25.1
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, 138kph, good bouncer and Karunaratne evades it by ducking under it 
24.6
Neesham to Lakmal, no run, 135kph, pitched up delivery on off and middle, pushed back to the bowler and Neesham doesn't stop it cleanly. Mid-on mops it up
24.6
Neesham to Lakmal, wide, short and down leg, Lakmal walks inside the line and hunkers under it. Wided for line
24.5
Neesham to Lakmal, no run, 136kph, Neesham slips in the yorker, Lakmal digs it out
24.4
Neesham to Udana, out Caught by Matt Henry!! A soft dismissal! A full ball at 138kph on leg-stump line, Udana looked to flick it through the mid-wicket region, but ended up chipping it tamely to Henry at mid-on wkt (8-114) min (5m). Eight down! Udana c Matt Henry b Neesham 0(3)
24.3
Neesham to Udana, no run, pitched up delivery, push-driven straight to mid-off
24.2
Neesham to Udana, no run, good length delivery around off, stoutly defended into the off-side off the front foot
24.1
Neesham to Karunaratne, 1 run, good length delivery on the sticks, tucked to deep square leg
23.6
Santner to Karunaratne, 1 run, eases the drive to long-on
23.5
Santner to Karunaratne, no run, dabbed to short third man
23.4
Santner to Perera, out Caught by Boult!! Holes out at long-on! The partnership has been broken. Thisara Perera couldn't hold himself back for a long time ... especially against a left-arm spinner. Santner smartly bowled it wide of off, Perera tries to go big, but decided to go over long-on/deep mid-wicket. The bat turned at the point of impact and hence the timing was awry. Boult moved to his left and completed a straightforward catch wkt (7-112) min (35m). Perera c Boult b Santner 27(23) [6s-2]
23.4
Santner to Perera, wide, Santner gives a bit of air on this occasion, but he's sprayed the full ball wide outside off
23.3
Santner to Perera, no run, flat again, Perera stays leg-side of the ball and cross-bats it to extra cover
23.2
Santner to Perera, no run, darted full and outside off at 92kph, Perera strangely shoulders arms
23.1
Santner to Perera, no run, fullish ball, driven to mid-off
22.6
Neesham to Perera, 1 run, banged in short, Perera hurriedly pulls it to deep square leg
22.5
Neesham to Perera, SIX, Perera takes full toll of the free-hit! Neesham doles out a half-volley, right in the southpaw's arc. Perera slightly moved leg-side and flogged it over cow corner. 50 partnership!
22.5
Neesham to Perera, no ball, that slipped out of Neesham's hand! Doesn't hit the pitch and goes to the keeper on the bounce. Ian Gould changes his call from wide to no-ball
22.4
Neesham to Karunaratne, 1 run, 127kph, on the hips and Karunaratne tickles it to fine leg
22.3
Neesham to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, pitched up delivery, driven straight to the man at mid-off
22.2
Neesham to Perera, 1 run, 130kph, short ball and Perera takes his eyes off the ball. Somehow pulls it to long leg
22.1
Neesham to Karunaratne, 1 run, 135kph, on a good length, Karunaratne gets half-forward and pushes it square through the off-side
21.6
Santner to Karunaratne, 1 run, 100 up for the Sri Lanka! Santner goes full and that's been clipped through mid-wicket
21.5
Santner to Karunaratne, no run, another play-and-miss from Karunaratne. Darted wide of off and Karunaratne can't lay bat on ball on his attempted late-dab
21.4
Santner to Perera, 1 run, dropped! Santner goes full and Perera didn't quite get underneath it as he struck it very hard. The bowler went for the catch with both hands in his followthrough, but it didn't stick. Ended up parrying it towards the mid-off region and the batters take a run
21.3
Santner to Perera, no run, quicker and flatter at 92kph, the line was outside off and Perera tried to cut. Missed
21.2
Santner to Perera, no run, flighted delivery outside off, driven to mid-off who is at the edge of the 30-yard circle
21.1
Santner to Karunaratne, 1 run, Santner starts from round the wicket. A tossed up delivery outside off, Karunaratne crouches and dabs it towards short third man for a quick single
20.6
Boult to Perera, no run, very full ball, jammed out towards mid-wicket
20.5
Boult to Perera, no run, 132kph, shorter length, Perera sets himself to play the big pull shot, but is early into the shot. Only managed an inside edge that dies down on the on-side
20.4
Boult to Karunaratne, 1 run, 139kph, full on off, wristed away to deep square leg
20.3
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, Boult shortens his length and darts it outside off, Karunaratne looks to dab it down to third man, gets beaten by the extra bounce
20.2
Boult to Karunaratne, FOUR, Boult pitches it up at 135kph, Karunaratne is well equipped to put it away. Moves towards off, leans across and uses his wrists to clip it through mid-wicket. Good timing on that occasion
20.1
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, short of length delivery on middle and leg, Karunaratne hops and hurriedly defends it into the leg-side with a closed bat-face
19.6
Neesham to Perera, 2 runs, 138kph, fullish ball marginally outside off, Perera stays leg-side of the ball and has a waft at it. Sends it through backward point off the outer half and Munro runs across from third man to keep the batsmen down to a couple
19.5
Neesham to Karunaratne, 1 run, Karunaratne presses forward and push-drives to the left of the bowler. Mid-on was slightly wide and he runs back to hunt it down
19.4
Neesham to Karunaratne, 2 runs, good length delivery on the sticks, turned through mid-wicket and Karunaratne comes back for the second. Good running
19.3
Neesham to Karunaratne, no run, another play-and-miss! A hit-the-deck-hard ball from a length and Karunaratne gets beaten as he pushes at it away from his body
19.2
Neesham to Karunaratne, 2 runs, shorter in length at 132kph, tucked through backward square leg for a brace
19.1
Neesham to Perera, 1 run, 134kph, length ball but the line is too straight, worked into the mid-wicket pocket and the batsmen settle for a single
18.6
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, 133kph, good length delivery leaving the left-hander outside off, Karunaratne chases it for a push-drive with limited feet movement, misses
18.5
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, another good stop at backward point. It's Neesham again. Karunaratne rode the bounce and punched this back of a length delivery off the back foot. Neesham dived to his left and made a one-handed stop
18.5
Boult to Karunaratne, wide, slower ball from Boult, but he errs with his line, well outside off and Karunaratne can't reach out for it
18.4
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, 136kph, width on offer outside off, Karunaratne shapes up to cut, fails to make contact
18.3
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, 137kph, short of a good length ball, Karunaratne rides the bounce and guides it to point
18.2
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, corker! A length ball that nibbles away in that nagging zone outside off and Karunaratne had a tentative poke it. Lucky not to get an edge there
18.1
Boult to Perera, 1 run, 132kph, back of a length delivery on leg-stump line, flicked down to fine leg
17.6
Ferguson to Perera, 1 run, sharp bumper at 138kph! Ferguson followed a backing away Perera and the left-hander was taken aback. He slightly crouched and managed to pull it to the right of fine leg
17.5
Ferguson to Karunaratne, 1 run, 138kph, short-and-wide, Karunaratne under-edges the chop towards extra cover
17.4
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, 146kph, Ferguson shortens his length and Karunaratne is late into his shot. Looks to tuck it around the corner and wears it on the body
17.3
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, fuller in length at 147kph, watchfully pushed to mid-on
17.2
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, on a length and attacking the stumps, a hopping Karunaratne defends it into the off-side
17.1
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, skiddy length ball, Karunaratne looks to push it with hard hands into the off-side, inside-edges it onto his pad
16.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Perera, no run, normal-paced length ball around off and that's been kept out on the off-side
16.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Perera, SIX, slower ball from a shortish length, Perera spotted that quickly. The left-hander gets into a good position by clearing his front leg and pummels the pull over deep square leg. There was protection in the deep, but Perera muscled it over him
16.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Karunaratne, 1 run, walks forward and across to turn this fullish ball to mid-wicket
16.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Perera, 3 runs, 126kph, slightly on the shorter side and Perera punches it through the vacant extra cover region. This isn't a quick outfield, but KW is very quick. Runs back from mid-off, puts in the slide and flicks the ball back ... all this to save a run
16.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Karunaratne, 1 run, in-nipper, a hopping Karunaratne tucks it towards square leg and the batters scamper across for a quick single
16.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Perera, 1 run, 124kph, short of length delivery, Perera stands tall and miscues the punch to the left of mid-off
15.6
Ferguson to Karunaratne, FOUR, 147kph, on a length and just outside off, Karunaratne moves across and plays a straight-batted stroke. Neatly driven and past the bowler. There's no one to stop that
15.5
Ferguson to Karunaratne, no run, sharp bouncer at 138kph and Karunaratne half-ducks under it
15.5
Ferguson to Karunaratne, wide, a wasted delivery way down leg
15.4
Ferguson to Perera, 3 runs, 139kph, short of a good length ball, Perera stays leg-side of the ball, no real feet movement and just swings his bat through wide mid-on. There's no mid-on and Perera gets off the mark with a triple
15.3
Ferguson to Perera, no run, back of a length delivery at 141kph, Perera slightly moves leg-side and bunts it back to Ferguson
15.2
Ferguson to J Mendis, out Caught by Neesham!! Edged and taken! Sri Lanka lose their sixth wicket. It's going from bad to worse for the Islanders. A pacy length ball from over the wicket and Mendis wanted to turn it through the leg-side - against the angle. Gets squared up and only manages an outside edge. Neesham takes a sharp catch to his left at gully wkt (6-60) min (5m). J Mendis c Neesham b Ferguson 1(4)
15.1
Ferguson to J Mendis, no run, beaten! 145kph, away-angler outside off and Mendis poked only to miss it
14.6
Colinde Grandhomme to J Mendis, 1 run, just past backward point's leap! The sucker ball - full and outside off - and Mendis almost fell for the trap. Mendis went for the drive half-heartedly and well outside his body. It flew off the outside edge and Neesham flew to his right, couldn't get a hand on it though
14.5
Colinde Grandhomme to J Mendis, no run, 122kph, fuller than a good length ball with a hint of in-shape, Mendis gets forward to block it to mid-off
14.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Mathews, out Caught by Latham!! That's an absolute peach and CdG has struck in his first over. Lovely delivery, pitched up in that channel around off, drew Mathews forward into the defensive push and just nipped away enough to catch the outside edge. Straight through to Latham and Mathews has been dismissed for a duck. Sri Lanka find themselves in dire straits now, will we have a repeat of yesterday's match wkt (5-59) min (14m). Mathews c Latham b Colinde Grandhomme 0(9)
14.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Mathews, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, pushed off the back-foot to the off-side
14.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Karunaratne, 1 run, gentle away swing for CdG, pitched on leg and nipped away, opened up Karunaratne as he looked to flick, caught the edge and rolled down towards third man
14.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne leans across and defends it to the on-side
13.6
Ferguson to Mathews, no run, Boult is on fire, saved another four runs for his team, this was short and just outside off, Mathews swivelled across, rolled his wrists and nailed the pull, to the right of mid-wicket where Boult threw himself at the ball and stopped it cleanly
13.5
Ferguson to Mathews, no run, full and swerving away late, Mathews is opened up as he shaped to whip it to the on-side, closed the bat-face and the soft leading edge rolled to the off-side
13.4
Ferguson to Mathews, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Mathews hops across and dabs it to backward point
13.3
Ferguson to Mathews, no run, beauty, Ferguson came up from wide of the crease and angled this one back at the right-hander, Mathews was deep in the crease as he pushed at it - the ball straightened late and burst past the outside edge
13.2
Ferguson to Mathews, no run, banged in short and holding its line outside off, Mathews drops his wrists and sways away from the line
13.1
Ferguson to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of a length and at Karunaratne's body, tucked behind square on the on-side for a single
12.6
Matt Henry to Mathews, no run, Henry shortens his length and gets some extra bounce off the surface - Mathews was clearly taken by surprise, but he dropped his bottom hand and played with soft hands
12.5
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, clipped away in front of square on the on-side for a single
12.4
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, that's a loose drive, Henry pushed this one across and the angle kept taking the ball well outside off, Karunaratne has a loose drive and is beaten - Latham dives across and in front of first slip to stop the ball
12.3
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, short of a good length and on Karunaratne's pads, he as looking to flick and missed, struck high on the pads
12.2
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, 2 runs, banged in short and at the stumps, Karunaratne swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it down to long leg for a single
12.1
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne prods across and pushes it to the off-side
12.1
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, wide, short and angling down the leg-side, Karunaratne was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
11.6
Ferguson to Mathews, no run, on a length and shaping back into the right-hander, Mathews wristily flicks it straight to the fielder at mid-wicket
11.5
Ferguson to Dhananjayade Silva, out Lbw!! Dhananjaya has been given out LBW and he's walking. He had a chat with his captain and keeps walking. Could he have chanced a review? Looked slightly high, even an umpire's call decision would have saved the review. Anyway he opts against it and there ends the story. Coming to the ball, it was a sharp inducker from Ferguson and Dhananjaya was clearly beaten for both pace and swing - way too late as he tried to get his bat down, beaten on the inside edge and struck on the back pad - in front of middle-stump wkt (4-53) min (15m). Dhananjayade Silva lbw b Ferguson 4(13) [4s-1]
11.4
Ferguson to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Dhananjaya plays with soft hands and dabs it wide of gully
11.3
Ferguson to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, banged in short and rising onto the batsman, Dhananjaya hops across and keeps it down
11.2
Ferguson to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, fuller length delivery and angling back into the right-hander, Dhananjaya covered the line and let it go by
11.1
Ferguson to Karunaratne, 1 run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, Karunaratne was prodding forward in defence and the ball rolls away off the inner half - behind square on the on-side for a single
10.6
Matt Henry to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, tad fuller and wider of off, Dhananjaya leans into the drive but can't beat mid-off
10.5
Matt Henry to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Henry shortens his length and gets it to angle away from the right-hander, opened up Dhananjaya with the angle - he does well to play with soft hands and the edge squirts wide of the slip cordon
10.4
Matt Henry to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, that's a loose shot from Dhananjaya, on a good length and shaping away from well wide of off, had the batsman reaching out for the drive and beat him on the outside edge
10.3
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, 1 run, Henry shortens his length on Karunaratne's hips, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
10.2
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, tad fuller and well outside off, Karunaratne leans across and finds mid-on with the closed-face drive
10.1
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, short of a length and just outside off, Karunaratne prods across and pushes it back at the bowler
9.6
Boult to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, Dhananjaya opens himself up and defends it to the off-side
9.5
Boult to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Boult shortens his length and angles this one across the right-hander, left alone
9.4
Boult to Karunaratne, 1 run, tad too full and wide of off, driven to the right of mid-off for a quick single
9.3
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne waits on it and defends it with soft hands
9.2
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, full and swinging back into the left-hander, Karunaratne went hard on the drive, gets an inside edge towards mid-on
9.1
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, fuller length delivery and shaping back into the left-hander, Karunaratne once again fell across on the flick and missed - struck him in front of leg-stump
8.6
Matt Henry to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, beautifully bowled, pitched up and in that channel just outside off, drew Dhananjaya into pressing forward and swings away enough to beat the outside edge
8.5
Matt Henry to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, appeal for LBW, but Dhananjaya was struck high on the pad, Henry shortened his length and got it to shape back in, beat the right-hander on the inside edge and struck him high on the pad
8.4
Matt Henry to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Henry shortens his length and gets it to hold its line outside off, Dhananjaya covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
8.3
Matt Henry to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, lovely, Henry gets greedy and overpitches as he searched for swing, right into the batsman's zone - Dhananjaya leans forward, presents the full face of the bat and drives it back past the bowler
8.2
Matt Henry to Kusal Mendis, out Caught by Guptill!! A first-ball duck for Mendis, lovely delivery from Henry, pitched up just outside off and nibbled away slightly - drew Mendis into playing at it, finds the edge and it flew to the right of first slip. Guptill was having none of it though, dived across to his left from second and grabbed it with both hands. Sri Lanka in some early trouble once again and it's Henry who's doing all the damage wkt (3-46) min (3m). Kusal Mendis c Guptill b Matt Henry 0(1)
8.1
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, out Caught by Colinde Grandhomme!! Oh dear! After playing so well, Kusal has simply thrown his wicket away, this was full and just outside off, Kusal was looking to lift it back over the bowler's head - the ball might have just held up a touch, he ended up toe-ending it high and towards mid-on. CdG called for the catch, although Williamson also went for it and he doesn't drop those. The partnership has been broken and must be said, it was a daft shot from Kusal wkt (2-46) min (34m). Kusal Perera c Colinde Grandhomme b Matt Henry 29(24) [4s-4]
7.6
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne plays with an open face and finds backward point
7.5
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, he's flirting with danger here, Karunaratne - back of a length and angling into the left-hander, no room for the cut and he still goes ahead with it, finds the under-edge and bounces through to the keeper
7.4
Boult to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of a length and on Kusal's hips, clipped down to long leg for a single
7.3
Boult to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, more runs for Kusal, short of a good length and just outside off, he comes down hard on the cut and finds the gap past cover-point, back for the second run
7.2
Boult to Karunaratne, 1 run, back of a length and angling back into the left-hander, he's cramped for room but manages to dab it down to third man
7.2
Boult to Karunaratne, wide, full and sliding down the leg-side, Karunaratne was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
7.1
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne leans across and finds mid-on with the drive
6.6
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, back of a length and on Kusal's pads, he lets the ball come and then clips it behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
6.5
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, Henry shortens his length outside off, Kusal presses across and pushes it to the off-side
6.4
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, brilliant from Boult, saved two runs for his team, was always running away to the boundary, until his dive. Banged in short and down leg, Kusal swivelled across and helped it on its way with the pull - looked to be heading to the ropes, until Boult's sprawling dive
6.3
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Kusal leans across and pushes it to cover-point
6.2
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, 1 run, tad fuller and on Karunaratne's pads, nudged away behind square on the on-side for a single
6.1
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, 1 run, short of a length and on Kusal's pads, worked past square leg for a single
5.6
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, this is poor cricket from Karunaratne, short of a length and it sprang up from the surface - one again too close to his body to be attempting the cut, gets beaten on the top-edge as he sparred at it
5.5
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, much better from Karunaratne, on a good length and a hint of shape away from off, he gets right behind the line and defends it to the off-side
5.4
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, almost chopped on, a bad shot from Karunaratne, was looking to cut against the angle, in doing so, was cramped for room on the shot, gets an under-edge and the ball didn't miss the off-stump by much. Replays in: The ball clipped a fair share of the leg-stump, it threatened to come off the groove and then settled back in. Lucky lucky Karunaratne
5.4
Boult to Karunaratne, wide, too full and sliding down the leg-side, Karunaratne was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
5.3
Boult to Kusal Perera, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, Kusal gets across on the defensive push, off the inner half and rolls wide of mid-wicket for a single
5.2
Boult to Kusal Perera, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Kusal, on a good length and well outside off, Kusal leans into the drive and clears cover, couple of bounces and over the ropes
5.1
Boult to Kusal Perera, FOUR, cracking shot, short and wide of off, Kusal rides the bounce and then cuts it in front of square on the off-side, to the right of cover-point and the ball races away across the fast outfield
4.6
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne prods across and pushes it to the off-side
4.5
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne hops across and turns it to the on-side
4.4
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, Henry shortens his length on off, Karunaratne prods across, closed the bat-face and turns it to the on-side
4.3
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, nicely bowled, pitched up and it kept shaping away from the left-hander, the length made Karunaratne feel for it and is beaten on the outside edge - his feet was stuck to the crease, could have so easily nicked off
4.2
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, 1 run, on a good length and on Kusal's pads, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single
4.1
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, FOUR, lovely, tad too full and just outside off, Kusal leans across and then drills it back past the non-striker, no need to run for those
3.6
Boult to Kusal Perera, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, Kusal pushes it in front of mid-on and calls his partner across for a quick single
3.5
Boult to Kusal Perera, no run, Boult shortens his length and gets this one to shape away from outside off, Kusal covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
3.4
Boult to Karunaratne, 3 runs, too full and too straight from Boult, on Karunaratne's pads and it's neatly clipped away past mid-wicket, the batsmen run hard and come back for the third run
3.3
Boult to Karunaratne, FOUR, edged and four, loose from Karunaratne, went hard on the drive to one that swung away late, found the thick edge and it raced away in the gap between third slip and point - no one at third man and Karunaratne gets a boundary
3.2
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, that's a jaffa, seamed back into the left-hander from a short of a good length, drew Karunaratne forward into the forward push, hit the deck and then shaped away - beaten by a long way
3.1
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, appeal for LBW, but the swing was taking the ball down leg, pitched around middle and nipped back in sharply - had Karunaratne falling over on the flick and struck him in front of leg
2.6
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, fraction fuller and around the middle-stump line, Kusal presses across and turns it to the on-side
2.5
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, FOUR, this was coming - width on offer and Kusal doesn't miss out, leans across and slices the lofted drive, over couple, bounces in front of the ropes and rolls away
2.4
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, Henry shortens his length on off, Kusal presses across and defends it back at the bowler
2.3
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, very full and just outside off, Kusal's feet went nowhere as he drove, straight to the fielder at cover-point
2.2
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, 1 run, too straight from Henry, on Karunaratne's pads and it's flicked down to long leg for a single
2.1
Matt Henry to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Karunaratne prods across and turns it to square leg
1.6
Boult to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, cracking shot, short and wide of off, Kusal gets on top of the bounce and cuts it square past point - Santner with the chase and he keeps them down to a couple of runs
1.5
Boult to Karunaratne, 1 run, full and slanting into the left-hander, Karunaratne leans across and drives it to the left of mid-on, calls for a quick single and he's off and running
1.4
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, short of a length and around off, Karunaratne prods across and turns it to mid-wicket
1.3
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, fraction fuller and in that channel around off, Karunaratne prods across and defends it to the on-side, closed the bat-face at the last moment
1.2
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, nicely bowled by Boult, on a good length and a hint of shape away from off, had Karunaratne feeling for the ball and beat him on the outside edge
1.1
Boult to Karunaratne, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Karunaratne gets well forward and defends it to the off-side
0.6
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, good start from Henry, shortens his length and gets it to shape back in, beat Kusal for pace on the inside edge, hit him high on the pad and rolled to the off-side
0.5
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump line, Kusal prods half-forward and defends it to mid-on
0.4
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, that's a cracker, Henry shortens his length and gets this one to seam back into the left-hander, cut Kusal in half as he pushed forward, past the inside edge and whizzed over the top of middle-stump
0.3
Matt Henry to Kusal Perera, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Kusal gets half-forward and pushes it to the off-side
0.2
Matt Henry to Thirimanne, out Lbw!! Loud shout for LBW and New Zealand want a review. Two things, is it swinging down leg or did it pitch outside leg? It's a fair delivery, looks like no bat and UltraEdge confirms it. Pitching in line, impact is in line and it's hitting leg, three REDS and Thirimanne is OUT. That's a terrific start from Henry, the inswinger and Thirimanne played all around it, pitched on leg and then shaped back in, Thirimanne was looking to flick, had to bring his bat around his pads - in doing so, he fell over and was struck bang in front of leg-stump. Would have been crashing into the stumps and umpire Gould has to change his original decision wkt (1-4) min (4m). Thirimanne lbw b Matt Henry 4(2) [4s-1]
0.1
Matt Henry to Thirimanne, FOUR, Thirimanne is away, gentle loosener from Henry, short and on his hips, he gets inside the line and clips it fine, beats Boult getting across from long leg
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill, Kane Williamson (c), Colin de Grandhomme,Munro, Trent Boult, Tom Latham (wk), James Neesham, Matt Henry, Mitchell Santner, Lockie Ferguson
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Isuru Udana, Thisara Perera,Thirimanne,J Mendis, Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis