48.6
Amir to Starc, out Caught by Shoaib Malik!! WWWWW. Mohammad Amir - with a maiden fifer - has brought Pakistan back stunningly here all by himself. And to imagine he wasn't even in the initial squad! Quite an off-paced full delivery this, which Starc tries to launch downtown, but ends up dragging it off the toe-end to Malik running into its trajectory in front of the sightscreen wkt (10-307) min (10m). Starc c Shoaib Malik b Amir 3(6)
48.5
Amir to Starc, 2 runs, 130kph, strays in line, but then Shaheen's fielding at fine leg will steal the show. Oh Pakistan! It's been a different disguise in these last ten overs. Clipped away, and then a tumbling save in the deep
48.4
Amir to K Richardson, 1 run, 129kph, angling across full outside off. An open-faced drive through sweeper
48.3
Amir to Carey, out Lbw!! Nails the yorker. And nails Carey - who's shuffling across in front of his stumps - in the crease. He's beaten for pace, beaten for dip as he gets struck plumb in front of middle. He reviews, you know, because why not, only to see the ball crashing into leg. Australia are clearly going nowhere here at the death, leaving at least 50 (deservedly theirs) runs on the field wkt (9-304) min (31m).Carey lbw b Amir 20(21) [4s-2]
48.2
Amir to Starc, 1 run, slower cross-seamed on the legs, wristed away round the corner
48.1
Amir to Carey, 1 run, 124kph, back of a length and then just not coming onto the bat. Carey's clearly early onto his pull, eventually top-edging it to fine leg on the bounce
47.6
Hasan Ali to Starc, no run, 136kph, sharp bumper. Starc's in no position at all to pull, missing all ends up
47.5
Hasan Ali to Starc, no run, 137kph, short, rib-lined. Some ugly fending away to leg
47.4
Hasan Ali to Starc, no run, 141kph, full on off, straighteing a touch after it pitches with Starc trying to turn it through leg -- only to end up with a meek leading edge to cover
47.3
Hasan Ali to Pat Cummins, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! More of the Pakistani claw back. Short - as expected - but Cummins tries to sway out of the line to and tries upper-cutting this over the keeper. But no, runs it right off the splice to the keeper. Clearly this pitch is quickening up all of a sudden wkt (8-302) min (6m). Pat Cummins c Sarfaraz b Hasan Ali 2(6)
47.2
Hasan Ali to Carey, 1 run, 141kph, fuller, wristily nudged down to long-on
47.1
Hasan Ali to Pat Cummins, 1 run, 138kph, nips in off a length onto middle and leg. Cummins stays beside it to tap it softly in front of mid-off for a quick single
46.6
Riaz to Pat Cummins, 1 run, sucker ball on the legs, clipped round the corner .. and Australia > 300
46.5
Riaz to Pat Cummins, no run, bumped in short. Cummins ducks and then nearly falls over too in making sure he doesn't get in the way of this. Oh, this is proper brutality ..
46.4
Riaz to Pat Cummins, no run, 145kph, just sheer pace that's way too good for a number nine. Cummins, flat-footed, has a waft outside off, missing big time
46.3
Riaz to Pat Cummins, no run, 141kph, tight on a length. Cummins stays behind to knock it out
46.2
Riaz to Coulter Nile, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! He has dollies dropped off him, and then Sarfaraz makes it up with this stunner. Another in-reversing line just outside off which Coulter Nile tries to hack across the line to. The feet went nowhere either. Hence - an inside-edge, dying low to the keeper's left, but it's super-cleanly grabbed wkt (7-299) min (9m). Coulter Nile c Sarfaraz b Riaz 2(3)
46.1
Riaz to Carey, 1 run, 148kph, reversing in on off. Carey - can't line his drive up right - inside-halving it behind square
45.6
Hasan Ali to Carey, 1 run, tight on the stumps, tapped through the covers
45.5
Hasan Ali to Coulter Nile, 1 run, 144kph, returns full-paced outside off. Dabbed, third man
45.4
Hasan Ali to Carey, 1 run, 119kph, slower. Carey shuffles, flicking it down to a mopping up fine leg
45.3
Hasan Ali to Carey, no run, 138kph, angles in, once again cutting further back in off the pitch to cramp Carey's glance - this time inside-edging it onto his thigh pad
45.2
Hasan Ali to Carey, FOUR, he'll camp behind .. Ali will bowl these rank bad half-trackers and then watch an obvious heave. Also, this length just doesn't help Pakistan's cause with such a huge gap at cow corner. Easily trickling through
45.1
Hasan Ali to Carey, no run, 135kph, cuts back in off a back of a length. Carey is done in for the sharp angle, the shaep kick up, glancing all around it
44.6
Amir to Carey, 1 run, another back-footed line up beside to steer it backward of point
44.5
Amir to Coulter Nile, 1 run, full outside off, sliced away powerfully in front of point
44.4
Amir to Carey, 1 run, sits back on the back foot and runs it down to third man
44.3
Amir to Shaun Marsh, out Caught by Shoaib Malik!! Pakistan have been carbon-graphite, and then Amir has been their diamond allotrope. He keeps it simple, forcing Marsh to make pace out of this and then reach out outside off as well in his attempt to launch it downtown. Anyway, Marsh's bat-face turns in his palm, and the lack of timing goes high, but long only as far as long-on. Also, for some strange reason, nobody drops a catch off Amir! wkt (6-288) min (46m). Shaun Marsh c Shoaib Malik b Amir 23(26) [4s-2]
44.2
Amir to Carey, 1 run, 123kph, shuffles early per-meditating a scoop shot, drags it to fine leg
44.1
Amir to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, 120kph, foxed by the change up in pace, Marsh's early into his shot, that eventually results in a rather ugly steer to third man
43.6
Hasan Ali to Carey, FOUR, 119kph, tries cramping out room with a yorker tailing in on leg-stump. But Carey's smarter here - backing away earlier and then drilling it inside-out wide of mid-off
43.5
Hasan Ali to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, 119kph, off-cutting back of a length stuff. Marsh stays back, waiting for it to get close as he dabs it down to third man
43.4
Hasan Ali to Carey, 1 run, 141kph, a very whippy off-drive, and then really quick legs to take mid-off on
43.3
Hasan Ali to Carey, no run, 141kph, cuts in off the pitch, hurrying Carey up as he tries to turn it to leg .. leading-edging it back instead
43.2
Hasan Ali to Carey, no run, 140kph, angling in off a length. A very cramped keep out
43.1
Hasan Ali to Carey, 2 runs, pushed out to extra cover, where Hafeez has an unnecessary shy at the non-striker's with nobody backing up, hence, 1+1
42.6
Amir to Shaun Marsh, no run, tails back in and Marsh isn't doing himself any favours with his aimless swing in the hope to launch it downtown
42.5
Amir to Carey, 1 run, length, top of the stumps. He goes up tall to punch it to mid-on
42.4
Amir to Carey, no run, beaten again. An outswinger this time outside off, with Carey shaping up to drive, but realizing it to be just too close to be flirting at
42.3
Amir to Carey, no run, beaten. Length, angling in at first and then straightening off the pitch as Carey pokes and misses
42.2
Amir to Carey, no run, yorker, perhaps with a faint hint of reverse swing back in. Carey can barely squeeze it out
42.1
Amir to Khawaja, out Caught by Riaz!! Wahab will correct his team-mates' flaws. Amir, once again, strikes off the first ball in another spell. He pitches this up outside off, sucking Khawaja into a drive away from his body, which he tries to clear his front leg out to and then go inside-out over mid-off. Alas, is just too close to the pitch of it, chipping off the toe-end to mid-off, where Wahab tumbles with his palm in a proper crocodile-mouthed take wkt (5-277) min (18m). Khawaja c Riaz b Amir 18(16) [4s-3]
41.6
Hasan Ali to Khawaja, leg byes, 1 run, 135kph, back of a length, body-lined. Under the pull and off the tummy to run behind square
41.5
Hasan Ali to Khawaja, no run, pitched up, driven crisply, straight to cover
41.5
Hasan Ali to Khawaja, wide, swde 132kph, pushed wide of off, making Khawaja stretch, a little too much
41.4
Hasan Ali to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, 138kph, full, outside off, carved away powerfully, but picks out deep extra cover
41.3
Hasan Ali to Khawaja, 1 run, 118kph, keeps straying into the pads, although with a slowed up fuller length. Clipped round the corner
41.2
Hasan Ali to Khawaja, no run, tries lining up with the angle going across to run it down to third man yet again. But no, it's gets big, past
41.1
Hasan Ali to Khawaja, FOUR, leg-lined. Khawaja gets a tickle, and the tickle will do, taking it really fine past the keeper with nothing that fine leg can do with it either
40.6
Riaz to Shaun Marsh, no run, big flashy cut .. but Riaz finds an extra degree of carry off the pitch, kicking well over the top-edge here
40.5
Riaz to Shaun Marsh, FOUR, 144kph in the full toss. Marsh merely has to flow through the line, with the fullest of faces in crunching it to mid-off's right, where Malik clearly doesn't see any point to bother chasing
40.4
Riaz to Khawaja, 1 run, short again, width too, guided away to third man
40.3
Riaz to Khawaja, FOUR, just a steer, and when it's Wahab, it's bound to follow Asif Ali. This time he tries to cut this off from third man, but it's just too fine
40.2
Riaz to Khawaja, FOUR, 140kph, just too short. Khawaja sits back, and then ironically stands tall on top of it to pull it with a lot of muscle. Uppishly. And it helps that mid-on is in the ring
40.1
Riaz to Khawaja, no run, a rather slingy top-of-off length. Khawaja carefully waits beside, opening up his bat face as he dabs it out to point
39.6
Shaheen Afridi to Khawaja, 1 run, full at the stumps, Khawaja works it wide of mid-on
39.5
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, driven through the covers
39.4
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, FOUR, that's another slip-up in the field. Malik, at mid-off, dives on top of the ball and it races through to the fence. Pitched up full, it was driven hard by Marsh but should've been stopped. Malik was just too late
39.3
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, 2 runs, length ball on middle, clipped crisply through midwicket
39.2
Shaheen Afridi to Khawaja, 1 run, tailing in full at the stumps, driven to mid-on
39.1
Shaheen Afridi to Khawaja, no run, full ball just outside off, pushed to backward point
38.6
Riaz to Khawaja, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, steered down to third man
38.5
Riaz to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, clipped backward of square
38.4
Riaz to Shaun Marsh, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, patted to backward point
38.3
Riaz to Khawaja, 1 run, short of length at the waist, pulled to deep backward square
38.2
Riaz to Khawaja, no run, back of a length, zipping through on off, Khawaja hops back and blocks
38.1
Riaz to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, steered to third man
37.6
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, leg byes, 1 run, full on leg, deflects off the pad as Marsh misses his flick
37.5
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, out Caught by Imam!! Sliced high up in the air, curses himself mid-pitch does Warner, and Imam ensures that Afridi doesn't feel the need to curse anyone. Holds on safely. Full ball outside off, wanted to carve it over extra cover, but sliced it off the outside half instead. Brilliant knock from Warner comes to an end wkt (4-242) min (161m). Warner c Imam b Shaheen Afridi 107(111) [4s-11 6s-1]
37.4
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, was thinking of the pull, but quickly realized the length wasn't short enough and improvised his defence
37.3
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, short of length outside off, flayed down to third man
37.2
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, no run, short of length outside off, extra lift for Afridi which surprises Marsh on the attempted cut
37.1
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, 2 runs, pretty full on middle, aiming for the yorker. Lands it a couple of inches short and Marsh flicks it through midwicket
36.6
Riaz to Warner, no run, short of length around off and middle, Warner dabs it to backward point
36.5
Riaz to Warner, no run, overpitched on middle, driven firmly to mid-off
36.4
Riaz to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, short of length at the waist, nudged softly into the on-side for one
36.3
Riaz to Shaun Marsh, no run, short of length delivery outside off, invites a loose poke from Marsh and then beats his outside edge
36.2
Riaz to Warner, 1 run, short of length outside off, runs it down to third man
36.1
Riaz to Warner, 2 runs, Asif Ali has put down another one! This time at third man, with the ball coming straight at him. Short of length outside off, Warner cuts without bothering to keep it down. Was an absolute sitter. Ali bends down on his haunches in horror
35.6
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, no run, pitched up just outside off, Marsh mistimes the drive to mid-off
35.5
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, no run, full ball on off, pushed to mid-off
35.4
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 1 run, back of a length on off, steered wide of point
35.3
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, short of length outside off, Warner goes hard at it but misses out
35.2
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 2 runs, short of length delivery outside off, punched through backward point for a couple
35.1
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, FOUR, the edge flies between keeper and wide slip for four. And Warner flies up himself, helmet off, celebrating what has been a brilliant hundred in conditions which were supposed to help the seamers at the start. There was talk about him batting too slowly as well. All that is a thing of the past now. He's silenced this Pakistan-dominant crowd and many of his doubters
34.6
Hafeez to Shaun Marsh, no run, knocks it into the off-side
34.5
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, backs away and cuts it off the stumps through point
34.4
Hafeez to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, short and wide, slapped through to sweeper cover
34.3
Hafeez to Shaun Marsh, no run, flighted up on off, pushed to cover
34.2
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, dances down close to the pitch and jams it to long-off
34.1
Hafeez to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, drifting in on leg, nudged backward of square
33.6
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, another delivery quite full, yorker length, jammed down by Warner
33.5
Shaheen Afridi to Shaun Marsh, 1 run, yorker length outside off, sliced down to third man
33.4
Shaheen Afridi to Maxwell, out Bowled!! Right through Maxwell whose feet were stuck at the crease. Length ball that straightens a touch from over the wicket, and goes through the gate. Very loose shot from Maxwell, merely swinging with his hands in an attempt to go over the on-side. Afridi eliminates a big threat for Pakistan wkt (3-233) min (20m). Maxwell b Shaheen Afridi 20(10) [4s-2 6s-1]
33.3
Shaheen Afridi to Maxwell, no run, pitched up at the stumps, driven to mid-on
33.2
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, Warner runs it down to third man
33.1
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, FOUR, off the toe-edge, runs away through the vacant slip region. Short and wide from Afridi, allowing Warner to throw his hands at it which in turn saw him benefit from a stroke of luck
32.6
Hafeez to Maxwell, SIX, now this is glorious. Hafeez went round the wicket, so Maxwell saw the opportunity to open up the off-side. He clears the front leg and drives handsomely over mid-off, his timing taking it over the ropes
32.5
Hafeez to Maxwell, FOUR, short again for Maxwell to blast the pull anywhere he wants. He chooses midwicket and nails it
32.4
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, driven to long-off
32.3
Hafeez to Warner, no run, jammed back down the pitch to Hafeez
32.2
Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run, uses his feet with the intention of a lofted shot, but Hafeez pulled it back well enough. Maxwell mistimes it to long-on
32.1
Hafeez to Maxwell, FOUR, pulled for a one-bounce four. Hafeez dropping it short enough for Maxwell to rock back into the crease for a pummel through square leg
31.6
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, length ball on off, played back to Malik
31.5
Shoaib Malik to Maxwell, 1 run, length ball across off, driven one-handed to the left of mid-off
31.4
Shoaib Malik to Maxwell, 2 runs, nicely played backward of point, waited on the ball before cutting it for a couple
31.3
Shoaib Malik to Warner, 1 run, punched through the covers
31.2
Shoaib Malik to Warner, 2 runs, overpitched at the stumps, drilled wide of long-off where Shaheen Afridi tumbles across to cut it off
31.1
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, length ball outside off, Warner throws his hands at it but is beaten by the turn
30.6
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, slightly short on off, Warner makes room and slaps it wide of extra cover. The fielder took some pace off it with a bit of a hand while diving
30.5
Hafeez to Warner, no run, overpitched on off, Warner drives to extra cover
30.4
Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run, clipped with the turn to deep midwicket
30.3
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, dances down, takes it on the full and whips it down to long-on
30.2
Hafeez to Maxwell, 1 run, length ball turning in on middle and leg, Maxwell punches off the back foot to long-on
30.1
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, drifting in on leg, pushed to long-on
29.6
Shoaib Malik to Warner, 1 run, quicker one on off stump, Warner makes room and punches this to sweeper cover
29.5
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, this is turning out to be a bonus over for Pakistan. Warner uses his feet to take this on the full and drives it back towards Malik off the toe-end of the blade
29.4
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, make that four! Loopy off break this time and Warner carefully defends off the front foot
29.3
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, tidy from Malik, the arm ball with no room at all and Warner's cut finds point. Three dots in a row
29.2
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, flatter and around middle, Warner shuffles across and defends onto the pitch
29.1
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, fuller and outside off, bounces a bit extra as Warner checks his defensive push to point
28.6
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, fuller and outside off, driven down the ground towards long-off
28.5
Hafeez to Warner, no run, flatter and outside off, defended softly off the front foot to cover
28.4
Hafeez to Smith, out Caught by Asif Ali!! In the air and Asif takes a good catch! Timely breakthrough for Pakistan yet again. Smith was looking a bit scratchy in recent overs while trying to up the ante and eventually falls in the process. Charged down the track for the loft but was never to the pitch of it. Still went through the shot and ended up slicing it straight up towards the extra cover region, just like Finch did earlier off Amir. Was another pressure catch and Asif, who dropped a sitter at slip earlier, covered good ground from mid-off to settle under the skier. Fine catch wkt (2-189) min (28m). Smith c Asif Ali b Hafeez 10(13) [4s-1]
28.3
Hafeez to Smith, no run, backs away does Smith and tries to force this through the off-side. Finds extra cover
28.2
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, makes room for the cut but Warner gets cramped by the line on this one, squeezed through point
28.1
Hafeez to Smith, 1 run, darted in on leg stump, Smith shovels it through square leg
27.6
Shoaib Malik to Warner, 2 runs, sliding into Warner who tucks it away through the gap at backward square leg
27.5
Shoaib Malik to Warner, SIX, into the skies...and over long-on! He didn't even try an aerial shot off the previous Free Hit that he got but this is more like the Warner we all know. Backed away to make room and though the length wasn't full, he went through with the swing through the line. Loads of height and also clears the fence as well
27.5
Shoaib Malik to Smith, no ball, 1 run, no-ball syndrome biting Pakistan big time today! And being a spinner, this one from Malik has to be the most criminal of the lot. Flatter one on leg stump, Smith turns it towards square leg for a single. Warner to get another Free Hit
27.4
Shoaib Malik to Warner, 1 run, slightly shorter this time and it's cut off the back foot to sweeper cover
27.3
Shoaib Malik to Warner, FOUR, crunched through extra cover! Maybe the fielder could have been swifter but Warner timed the pants off this one. Low full toss and he drilled the drive really hard. Finds himself a boundary
27.2
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, mix up but Smith gets back just in time! Was a bit late to turn back and had to put in a dive. Just got back in time. Was a slow off break that was tapped gently towards point. Warner never wanted the single
27.1
Shoaib Malik to Warner, no run, slower and fuller on off, defended back towards Malik with a slight shuffle across
26.6
Amir to Warner, 1 run, on a length wider outside off, Warner presses forward and pats it through cover-point
26.5
Amir to Warner, no run, fuller and closer to off stump, tapped gently towards Amir down the track
26.4
Amir to Warner, 2 runs, sloppy fielding! The mid-on fielder did well to cover good ground to prevent the second initially but his throw at the bowler's end is extremely wayward and the batsmen eventually get the bonus run. Was a good ball again from Amir, found the inside edge towards mid-wicket and Warner gets a brace
26.3
Amir to Warner, no run, the bumper this time and Warner sways away from the line of it
26.2
Amir to Warner, no run, hits the good length once more and it's defended softly towards short cover
26.1
Amir to Warner, no run, Amir continues to impress! Another lovely delivery that holds its line from a good length. Warner is stuck on the crease and pushes inside the line
25.6
Shoaib Malik to Warner, 1 run, very full and around middle and leg, check-driven down the ground to long-on
25.5
Shoaib Malik to Smith, 1 run, quicker one on middle and leg, Smith walks across on the back foot and clips it through backward square leg
25.4
Shoaib Malik to Smith, no run, looked a bit ungainly, Smith! Charged down the track for the slog across the line but didn't get the desired length and misses. Struck on the thigh pad
25.3
Shoaib Malik to Warner, 1 run, floated wider outside off, driven nicely through the covers for a single
25.2
Shoaib Malik to Smith, 1 run, tossed up on middle and leg, Smith backs away a bit and whips this towards wide long-on. They thought about the second but decide against it
25.1
Shoaib Malik to Smith, no run, flatter and on off stump, Smith gets well forward and across to defend
24.6
Amir to Warner, no run, extra bounce this time! Amir is certainly making things happen in this spell. This one takes off a bit from a good length as Warner looks to defend on the front foot. Whizzes past the edge into Sarfaraz's gloves
24.5
Amir to Warner, no run, has to be up there among the worst LBW reviews of all time! Was a good ball from Amir, straightened a bit from a fuller length to rap Warner on the pad as it went through to the keeper. Pakistan were probably excited about the delivery and got carried away to take the review. Anyone could have said that the impact was outside the line there. But Sarfaraz reviews and although there is no bat involved, impact is miles outside off
24.4
Amir to Smith, 1 run, short of a good length angling across Smith who stands tall to chop the cut through cover-point
24.3
Amir to Warner, 1 run, to short mid-wicket, fullish and a hint of extra bounce as Warner prods forward to defend with soft hands. Off the inside half to mid-wicket and the duo cross
24.2
Amir to Warner, no run, angled into Warner who moves across slightly and taps this onto the pitch
24.1
Amir to Warner, no run, shortish and outside off, Warner moves across a bit and defends solidly
23.6
Hasan Ali to Smith, no run, that's a leave straight out of Steve Smith's textbook of batting. Don't think it's an advisable one for beginners but he manages to pull these things off. Moves across a bit to the shorter length and just gets his bat out of the way, almost as if trying to evade himself
23.5
Hasan Ali to Smith, FOUR, the signature Smith cover drive! For all those movements at the crease, he is so still when he plays his shots and that's why he is so successful. Got across a bit to this half-volley and drove this sweetly through the gap at cover. Timing and placement - double check!
23.4
Hasan Ali to Smith, no run, fuller and straighter on off stump, Smith was walking across a bit and is forced to defend back towards Hasan
23.3
Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump, Warner hops across and tucks it through square leg
23.3
Hasan Ali to Warner, wide, pressure on Hasan who is trying to cramp Warner up but in the process, ends up spilling this down the leg-side
23.2
Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR, another stylish shot but Hasan shouldn't be bowling such freebies in the first place. Another half-volley, slightly wider and this time, Warner drives wide of mid-off to the fielder's right. Spanked away!
23.1
Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR, delicious shot! Overpitched from Hasan, straighter line as well and Warner ensured that he got the push-drive dead straight. Just relied on timing and he got it bang on as well with the placement
22.6
Amir to Warner, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Warner hangs back and steers this behind point
22.5
Amir to Warner, no run, another gem from Amir! He's showing his other mates how to bowl on this track. This is brilliant stuff from the left-armer. After cramping Warner with the nipbacker, he follows it up with a late away swinger. The southpaw is squared up totally and lucky not to get an edge
22.4
Amir to Warner, no run, beaten on the inside edge! Shows you that this is still a decent surface to bowl on if you hit the right areas. This was on a good length outside off, decked in just a bit as Warner looked to drive away from the body
22.3
Amir to Smith, 1 run, the typical Smith shuffle across and he tucks it softly towards mid-wicket. They run hard for the first but Warner declines the second run. Good call
22.2
Amir to Warner, 1 run, shortish and outside off, bunted softly off the back foot towards cover for a single
22.1
Amir to Finch, out Caught by Hafeez!! Amir provides the much-needed breakthrough! Oh boy, didn't Pakistan need this! They turned to their spearhead precisely for this and he delivers first ball. Probably the slower ball and Finch was clearly into the shot as he attempted to go across the line. Ended up slicing this high up in the air towards extra cover and considering Pakistan's outrageously bad fielding, you couldn't have been faulted for guessing a dropped catch. Veteran Hafeez had other ideas though as he calmly judged the skier well. Was a real pressure catch to be honest and he did really nicely there wkt (1-146) min (94m). Finch c Hafeez b Amir 82(84) [4s-6 6s-4]
21.6
Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR, third fifty in WC 2019 for Warner from four games! He may not have been his usual aggressive self in the tournament so far but the southpaw has shown consistency and has looked more fluid today. Gets an away-angling half-volley and he times the square drive beautifully behind point Races away to the fence in a flash
21.5
Hasan Ali to Finch, 1 run, shortish and outside off, Finch stands tall and punches it to deep point
21.4
Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run, angled into the hips as Warner tucks it softly into the gap at mid-wicket. Easy single
21.3
Hasan Ali to Finch, 1 run, Finch tries to go hard with the slog but can't quite get under this one and ends up drilling it down to long-on
21.3
Hasan Ali to Warner, no ball, 1 run, frustration continues for Pakistan as Hasan oversteps. The indiscipline with the ball and on the field has been shockingly poor today so far. Back of a length ball that's dabbed into the off-side for a single. Finch will get to face the Free Hit
21.2
Hasan Ali to Warner, no run, opens up Warner totally! Top but from Hasan, hit this on a good length around middle and off with the inward angle forcing Warner to play at it. It straightened just a bit and had the southpaw beaten all ends up. Superb stuff!
21.1
Hasan Ali to Finch, 1 run, banged in short and Finch swivels to control the pull nicely down to fine leg
20.6
Hafeez to Warner, no run, looped up nicely as Warner prods forward to defend. Gets a faint inside edge onto the pad
20.5
Hafeez to Finch, 1 run, flattish and on off stump, Finch late cuts it towards short third man
20.4
Hafeez to Finch, SIX, bang!! There goes another! Finch is on a roll here and Pakistan need to find an answer. Hafeez needs to find an answer. Gets across a bit for the slog sweep and for a moment, deep square leg was interested as he raced to his left. Eventually, it was well over him
20.3
Hafeez to Finch, SIX, mowed into the crowd! Finch isn't going to let Hafeez settle at all. Backs away just a bit and gets one in the slot to swing through the line. Plenty of height on it and as it turns out, plenty of distance too!!
20.2
Hafeez to Finch, no run, sliding in on leg stump, tucked towards mid-wicket but won't get the single
20.1
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, slower and a bit short outside off, Warner sits back and punches it to sweeper cover
19.6
Hasan Ali to Finch, no run, full on off, blocked to cover
19.5
Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run, there and thereabouts outside off, forced away to sweeper cover
19.4
Hasan Ali to Warner, no run, fullish outside off, sweetly driven to mid-off
19.3
Hasan Ali to Finch, 1 run, this one jagged back in a long way after pitching. Finch wasn't expecting it and gets tied up for space, squirts it off the inner half to square leg
19.2
Hasan Ali to Finch, 2 runs, tailing on middle, whipped through mid-wicket for a couple of runs
19.1
Hasan Ali to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, length, lasering on leg. Warner misses the clip and it strikes him on the thigh pad before running away to square leg
18.6
Hafeez to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, snaking down leg, clicks Warner on the pad and trickles to short fine leg
18.5
Hafeez to Finch, 1 run, the trajectory is flat, so Finch stays back and picks it away to deep square leg
18.4
Hafeez to Warner, 1 run, 79kph, quicker outside off. Warner creates room and punches it past extra cover
18.3
Hafeez to Finch, 1 run, Finch runs down the track and flicks it with the spin through square leg
18.2
Hafeez to Finch, no run, slows it up a touch and pushes Finch onto the back foot, smothered neatly
18.1
Hafeez to Finch, no run, darted full, Finch sets up for the sweep but is too early into the shot and ends up missing it totally. Gets rapped on the pad
17.6
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 1 run, sticks to the off-stump channel, soft-handed nudge to mid-wicket
17.5
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, 142kph. Switches to round the wicket and angles it in before straightening it off the pitch. Finch gets duped as he gropes at that and is beaten on the outside edge
17.4
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 1 run, nip-bender from Afridi, gaining some extra bounce and brushes the inside-half of Warner's defence as it rolls away to fine leg
17.3
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 2 runs, too short and wide of off, Warner slashes it square past point and the fielder in the deep makes a sliding stop to mop it up
17.2
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, fortunately, the free-hit doesn't cost anything for Afridi and Pakistan. Lands it fuller outside off, Warner makes room and thrashes it hard, but straight to mid-off
17.2
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no ball, 1 run, worked with a closed bat face to mid-wicket. Oh dear! Afridi has overstepped and it's been called a no-ball. He's having a miserable day so far
17.1
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, very full delivery on middle, Finch stabs it with a straight bat and it knocks the stumps at the bowler's end
16.6
Hafeez to Finch, 1 run, turned through square leg
16.5
Hafeez to Finch, SIX, more pressure on Hafeez. Brilliant batting from Finch. Spots a flighted delivery, the angle from round the wicket doesn't perturb him as he gets underneath it and wallops it over cow corner
16.4
Hafeez to Finch, FOUR, fifty for Finch. He's looked calm and composed today. Wonderful knock from the Australian captain so far. Hafeez drops it short outside off, Finch goes deep in his crease and slaps it through cover to reach his half-century. There comes the wave of the bat and it's also the hundred-run stand between the two
16.3
Hafeez to Finch, FOUR, wow! Finch uses his feet and meets the pitch, extends his long levers and dumps it straight down the ground
16.2
Hafeez to Finch, no run, was there an edge? Yes, seemed like a chance for Sarfaraz but he fails to cling onto it. Quicker outside off, Finch goes for th cut and nicks it behind. Straight in and out of the gloves. Very hard chance that
16.1
Hafeez to Warner, leg byes, 1 run, slower on leg, Warner misses the flick and it rams him on the pad
15.6
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, FOUR, lovely from Finch. Look at the timing there. Afridi overpitches, Finch comes forward and just checks the drive. It sped off the bat and beats mid-on
15.5
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, straighter line from Afridi, Finch stomps forward and defends
15.4
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, fuller from Afridi around off, pushed to the right of the bowler
15.3
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, half-hearted appeal for lbw but it was too high. Back of a length and Finch is beaten for pace as he fails to connect the flick. Wears it high on the pad
15.2
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, skids on and eludes the edge. Short of a length and it doesn't rise. Inches away from biting the edge there
15.1
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, good length delivery, seaming away outside off. Left alone
14.6
Riaz to Warner, no run, defended to cover
14.6
Riaz to Warner, wide, where's Warner going? Full and swinging down leg, Warner was shuffling across and misses the flick. It wasn't far from the leg-stump there
14.5
Riaz to Finch, 1 run, oh, drama! There's a run-out chance at the striker's end but Babar Azam at point can't effect the direct-hit. Morever, there's no proper back-up as well which means they will take the single off the overthrows. Very full outside off, squeezed to point and Finch was sent back. He puts a despairing dive to get back in his crease
14.4
Riaz to Finch, no run, wow! Hostile stuff from Riaz. Ushered it short and it took off rapidly. Climbing awkwardly at Finch and pinging him on the shoulder. Riaz is generating some serious heat at the moment. This was clocked at 147kph
14.3
Riaz to Finch, no run, back of a length outside off, poked to cover
14.2
Riaz to Finch, no run, zippy back of a length delivery, hurried off the deck and beats Finch on the flick. The Australian captain stayed at the crease and was beaten by the extra bounce, getting hit high on the pad around the knee-roll
14.1
Riaz to Finch, 2 runs, 137kph, shortish outside off. Wristed to the empty mid-wicket region and takes a brace
13.6
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, cannons it on a length, around off. Warner stoutly defends it
13.5
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, FOUR, gift wrapped and sent to Warner. It was short, aiming at the chest but Warner deals with it emphatically. Getting on top of it and pulling it in the gap behind square
13.4
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 1 run, shorter and just outside off, Finch hops across and nudges it to the mid-wicket region
13.3
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 1 run, short of length outside off, steered away to third man
13.2
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, good lifter from Afridi. Saw Warner backing away and pounded it short, Warner throws his bat but gets defeated by the extra zip off the surface
13.1
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 1 run, spearing on middle and leg, whisked away to fine leg
12.6
Riaz to Finch, 1 run, on the pads, worked away to deep square leg
12.5
Riaz to Finch, FOUR, rubbing salt into the wounds as they say. Dug in short, tucks Finch for room but he manages to roll his wrists in the nick of time and helps it very fine. Long leg was squarer and had no chance
12.4
Riaz to Finch, FOUR, edged and bursts through the hands of Asif Ali at slip. "That's a huge miss," says Michael Clarke on air. Poor Riaz, did everything right there but nothing seems to be going his way at the moment. Length and slants it wide of off, Finch goes very hard at that and feeds a thick outside edge. It went at a decent height to Asif, who was standing at a widish first slip and he got both hands but couldn't lock it when it mattered as it goes through and runs away to the boundary
12.3
Riaz to Warner, 1 run, 137kph, wafts it in the nagging line just outside off. Warner opens his bat face at the last moment and guides it to third man
12.2
Riaz to Warner, no run, pitched fuller outside off, Warner stretches forward and eases the drive to cover
12.1
Riaz to Finch, 1 run, wristy flick from Finch through square leg
11.6
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, better finish to the over from Afridi. Angles it in, attacking the stumps and Warner blocks it off from the crease
11.5
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, Afridi rolls his fingers across this full delivery on off, Warner curbs his instincts and dabs it gently to cover
11.4
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 2 runs, amazing bat-speed there from Warner. Quickly gets his hands down to ping the drive through cover and collects a brace
11.3
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, leg byes, 1 run, Afridi bombards it hard on a short of length, cramping Finch for space. Thuds the Australian captain on the thigh pad as he misses the glance
11.2
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 2 runs, Finch displays some trigger movement to upset Afridi's line, succeeds and gets one on the legs. Flicked effortlessly to the right of deep mid-wicket and earns a brace
11.1
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, good length, rearing up around off and Finch jerks his body and the bat from the line
10.6
Riaz to Warner, 2 runs, goes for the change of pace and in the process, splays it on the pads. Whipped merrily in front of square on the leg-side for a couple of runs
10.5
Riaz to Finch, 1 run, sliding back into the right-hander, Finch jumps back and nudges it to mid-on
10.4
Riaz to Warner, 1 run, goes back to delivering width to Warner, carved away to sweeper cover
10.3
Riaz to Warner, no run, length delivery, again some uneven lift for Riaz, hitting Warner high on the bat as he strides forward to defend
10.2
Riaz to Warner, no run, shortish outside off, Warner cracks the cut to point
10.1
Riaz to Warner, no run, leading edge pops up in the air but goes to the floor temptingly in front of point. Riaz created some problem in his first over as well with some extra bounce. Gets this back of a length delivery to rise like a monster and shocks Warner, who was closing his bat face early. Luckily for him, it doesn't go to the fielder
9.6
Hasan Ali to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery skidding through low, a wafty steer to point where Babar dives to his left to cut it off - not missing Shadab at point, Pakistan!
9.5
Hasan Ali to Finch, no run, seaming back in from a back of a length, nice line, Finch is on the shuffle when the ball is coming - perception issues - and manages to tuck it down into the wicket off a hop
9.4
Hasan Ali to Finch, no run, a bit of swing in towards off from a good length, and a forward-pressed punch to cover from Finch
9.3
Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run, short of length delivery on the ribs again, tucked away to backward square leg with the bottom-hand off for a single
9.2
Hasan Ali to Warner, leg byes, 4, on the hips, short of length, Warner hops and fends at it with a closed face, gets it off the body towards fine leg for four leg-byes
9.1
Hasan Ali to Warner, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on middle, almost yorker length, @141km/h, punched back down the ground, bounces off the wicket, deflected away by the bowler's right arm as he tries to leap and stop it, and away to the long-off boundary - where Shaheen pulls it back before it can reach the fence
8.6
Riaz to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery, angling and seaming away @143km/h, inducing a delayed push off a hop outside off, and he's beaten on the outside edge, is Finch
8.5
Riaz to Finch, no run, full delivery on off, punched to wide mid-off
8.4
Riaz to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery just on off, a push to cover, some confusion between the batsmen, and a lifeless throw at the non-striker's end - needless to mention, off-target
8.3
Riaz to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Finch hops and defends it towards mid-off
8.2
Riaz to Warner, 1 run, fuller length delivery on off, check-driven wide of mid-off, but the man is quick enough to move to his right and cut it off
8.1
Riaz to Finch, 1 run, short of length delivery on the gut, a jump-tuck towards backward square leg for a single
7.6
Hasan Ali to Warner, no run, good length delivery on off, angling away, and it's left alone by Warner. Good judgement.
7.5
Hasan Ali to Warner, FOUR, back of a length delivery rising with the angle just outside off, Warner rises with the bounce, transfers his weight onto the ball that is a tad far from him, and he times the pants off it through the covers for four
7.4
Hasan Ali to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery skidding through on the thigh, a hop and a tuck away to fine leg for a single
7.3
Hasan Ali to Finch, FOUR, shortish, not a whole lot of width, but he lays into a fantastic drive behind point for four. Dominating stuff!
7.2
Hasan Ali to Finch, no run, searing in towards the stumps from a good length, a bit of seam, Finch is stuck on the crease, drives away from the body off a hop, gets a thick inside edge onto the pads
7.1
Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run, back of a length delivery on the thigh, tucked away towards backward square leg for a single
7.1
Hasan Ali to Warner, wide, down the leg side, wide called
6.6
Amir to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, defended off the backfoot
6.5
Amir to Warner, 1 run, angling in, on a good length, Warner falls across a little, and that's another thick inside edge down to fine leg for a single
6.4
Amir to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, an angled-batted steer down to third man for a single
6.3
Amir to Finch, no run, short of length delivery on off, a hop and a nudge towards midwicket
6.2
Amir to Warner, 1 run, skiddy from a good length, a thick inside edge behind square leg for a single
6.1
Amir to Warner, FOUR, strays on the pads, first real bad ball from Amir, tucked away behind deep square leg for four. Simple as that.
6.1
Amir to Warner, wide, angling down leg-side, wide called
5.6
Hasan Ali to Finch, no run, half-volley angling into off-stump, punched straight down the ground, but stopped by Hasan Ali on his followthrough
5.5
Hasan Ali to Warner, 1 run, into the arm-pit, tucked down to square leg, with the bottom-hand off to keep the ball down, and they scurry across for a single
5.4
Hasan Ali to Warner, no run, jaffa! Pitches it on a short of length, seaming away from the perfect spot on the wicket, and beats Warner on the backfoot defensive
5.3
Hasan Ali to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery on middle, stuck on the crease and he gets a thick inside edge towards short midwicket
5.2
Hasan Ali to Warner, no run, another tuck across the line to a back of a length delivery, another miss, another thud into the pad
5.1
Hasan Ali to Warner, no run, skids through from a back of a length, towards leg-stump, Warner is made to hop and swipe across the line, struck on the pad and deflects towards the off-side
4.6
Amir to Finch, no run, banged in half-way down the pitch, seams sharply away, has the batsman hopping and jack-knifing due to the low bounce - a little poke, and it swings away to the right of the 'keeper, having maintained a first-slip seam position after bouncing
4.5
Amir to Finch, no run, back of a length but a tad too wide outside off to cause any trouble - left alone by Finch
4.4
Amir to Finch, no run, oh, that was close! The compactly of Finch saves him there! Angling away, seaming back in from a back of a length, Finch defends compactly off the half-cock, gets a thick inside edge onto the inner thigh. A bigger bat-pad gap, and he was gone!
4.3
Amir to Finch, no run, short of length delivery, no width, a bit of extra bounce, Finch hops and fends it into the wicket
4.2
Amir to Finch, no run, good length delivery pitching in line with off, angling away, and Finch watchfully leaves it alone
4.1
Amir to Finch, no run, angling away, marginally wide, Finch shoulders arms
3.6
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on off, punched away towards cover for a couple
3.5
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, FOUR, short one angling in, absolutely no pace to threaten them, pulled away with ease to the deep midwicket fence for four
3.4
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 1 run, short of length delivery in the zone, seaming away and inducing a tentative fending prod from Finch, bottom-hand off, and a thick outside edge past the cordon to third man for a single
3.3
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on the pads, clipped down to fine leg for a couple
3.2
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 2 runs, short of length delivery angling away, not a lot of width, punched off the tip-toe to deep extra cover for a couple
3.1
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, SIX, where did that come from? Got a short one in his comfort zone, angling outside off without width, and he's swivelled into a fantastic pull in front of deep square leg for six
2.6
Amir to Warner, no run, jaffa! Angling in, a hint of curve, and then suddenly jagging away from the corridor of uncertainty to completely flummox the batsman and beat him on the outside edge
2.5
Amir to Finch, 1 run, on the pads, and that's nudged away behind square leg for a single
2.4
Amir to Finch, no run, short of length delivery angling away, seaming away, beaten on the outside edge of the backfoot defence
2.3
Amir to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, tapped off the backfoot towards cover
2.2
Amir to Finch, 2 runs, good length delivery angling away, Finch drives through the line, running his hands through the ball, and cover dives it take some pace off it - can't cut it off completely. Goes away to the deep, and a couple taken.
2.1
Amir to Finch, no run, short of length delivery marginally wide outside off, left alone
1.6
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, 1 run, good length delivery on the pads, nudged away in front of square leg for a single
1.5
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, short of length delivery, absolutely no width, Finch hops up, shaping up to cut, but the lack of width makes him tap it back, cross-batted, to the bowler
1.4
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, no run, angling across, and seaming away a little, Finch is caught on the backfoot, defends inside the line, and beaten on the outside edge by a long way
1.4
Shaheen Afridi to Finch, wide, shortish one, with a bit of extra oomph, but down the leg-side - wide called
1.3
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, 1 run, back of a length delivery on off and middle, tight line, defended off the backfoot to mid-off and a scrambled single. Very prompt to respond, is Finch
1.2
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, FOUR, short of length and into the hips, a little shuffle across and a flamingo-pull behind square leg for four. Excellent shot to start with for Warner.
1.1
Shaheen Afridi to Warner, no run, short of length delivery, angling in, no width on offer and Warner hops up to defend it into the off-side
0.6
Amir to Finch, no run, maiden to start with! Pitched on a back of a length and angled away, Finch hops to get on top of the bounce and defends into the wicket
0.5
Amir to Finch, no run, full and rather wide, only just inside the tramline, Finch chases after it - rather rash from the captain - and misses. Through to the 'keeper
0.4
Amir to Finch, no run, angling away, straightening with some seam movement back in, Finch is hurried again and defends compactly back down the pitch
0.3
Amir to Finch, no run, good length delivery on middle, skiddy, Finch is hurried into a punch to the bowler
0.2
Amir to Finch, no run, pulls the length back a little, right on the money with the line, Finch stays put on the backfoot this time and shoulders arms
0.1
Amir to Finch, no run, beaten! Angling away from a good length, Finch gets a forward press in, a little tentative on the check-drive, and beaten on the outside edge
Commentary
Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Asif Ali,Fakhar Zaman,Shaheen Afridi,Hasan Ali
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,K Richardson,Shaun Marsh,Carey
