32.4
Malinga to Hamid, out Bowled!! The signature Malinga yorker to sign things off! He lets out a roar and is absolutely animated out there. He'd been vocal about the team's performances of late and was a furious man today as well with some misfields off his bowling. He's put all that on the back burner and delivered when his side wanted him to. A pacy one on the blockhole, Hamid tries as hard as he can but he can only do so much wkt (10-152) min (12m). Hamid b Malinga 6(5) [6s-1]
32.3
Malinga to Hamid, SIX, he's clubbed this into the skies! And it's over the fence at deep mid-wicket as well. Is there a twist here? Malinga missed his length just a bit and Hamid is a powerful man. Smokes it away with disdain
32.2
Malinga to Hamid, no run, short ball outside off, Hamid looks to pull it away but misses
32.1
Malinga to Mujeeb, 1 run, yorker to start with, what else did you expect? Mujeeb is late to get his bat down and gets a faint inside edge onto the pad. Trickles towards square leg and they cross
31.6
Udana to Najibullah, out Najibullah Run Out!! This is the game right here for Sri Lanka! Needed something special to get rid of Najibullah and that's exactly what Karunaratne provides. This was bunted towards extra cover and Najibullah had to run, if he wanted to retain strike. Sri Lanka's captain was quick to attack the ball and hit the bulls-eye at the bowler's end. Najibullah was always struggling in such a scenario, he's well short. The Lankans are pumped. They know that they're almost there wkt (9-145) min (92m). Najibullah run out (Karunaratne) 43(56) [4s-6]
31.5
Udana to Najibullah, no run, superbly executed slower ball from Udana, Najibullah was early into the slog, almost swinging himself off his stance. Goes on the bounce to the keeper
31.4
Udana to Najibullah, no run, Udana ensures that the Free Hit isn't scored off. Fires in another bouncer and Najibullah can't do much about this one
31.4
Udana to Najibullah, no ball, 4, streaky runs! But they all count and Afghanistan won't mind how they come at this stage. Najibullah swung hard at this one but the length wasn't there and the result was a thick edge. Third man is squarer and the ball races away to the fence. Hang on, SL don't have enough fielders in the ring and it's a no ball! Gee, what drama! Free Hit to follow
31.3
Udana to Najibullah, no run, superb riposte from Udana! Digs it in short and well-directed as well, Najibullah has no option but to evade it
31.2
Udana to Najibullah, FOUR, superb hit under pressure! With just two wickets left, Najibullah knows that it's time to up the gear a bit. There was width on offer this time and with the sweeper on the off-side at the point boundary, Najibullah goes aerial over extra cover. Clean strike, one bounce to the fence
31.1
Udana to Najibullah, no run, whizzes past the edge! A bit of lift from a good length and Najibullah wafts at it with no footwork at all
30.6
Malinga to Hamid, no run, slower yorker this time, outside off and Hamid keeps it out with a stab. Top over from Malinga
30.5
Malinga to Hamid, no run, another searing low full toss, middle and leg, jabbed out towards mid-on
30.4
Malinga to Dawlat Zadran, out Bowled!! Gets it on target and timberrrrrrr! Third time lucky, Malinga in his yorker attempt. Just a metaphor really because this delivery isn't about luck. Remember the one that he bowled in the IPL final under so much pressure? The situation at present may not be a final but with the game close, Malinga knew that he had to deliver. And deliver he does. Gets the yorker bang on, in terms of line, Dawlat is not good enough to keep it out. Can't blame him, many great batsmen haven't been able to wkt (8-136) min (25m). Dawlat Zadran b Malinga 6(18) [4s-1]
30.3
Malinga to Dawlat Zadran, no run, tries the slow yorker once more and again, it's not quite on target. Leg stumpish and tapped to mid-wicket
30.2
Malinga to Dawlat Zadran, no run, ouch! That's shaken Dawlat up a bit. Was a sharp bumper that deflected onto his helmet off the shoulder as he missed the pull. Seems alright though and isn't showing any signs of being ruffled
30.1
Malinga to Dawlat Zadran, no run, pitched right up on middle and leg, driven towards mid-on but he's struck it fairly well and hence, the single is not possible. They do think about it but abort the mission
30.1
Malinga to Dawlat Zadran, wide, whoa that famous Malinga slow yorker but it's off-target and down the leg-side
29.6
Lakmal to Najibullah, no run, loose from Najibullah! Went chasing at this one away from the body and there was a bit of extra bounce. Could so easily have edged it
29.5
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, 1 run, they've pinched a single. Fuller and straighter, Dawlat jabs it towards the mid-on region and Najibullah calls him across
29.4
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, no run, shortish and around off stump, defended again from the crease to cover
29.3
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, no run, attacks the off pole with a shortish in-angler, another good defence off the back foot
29.2
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, no run, shortish and outside off, Dawlat gets behind the line well and defends
29.1
Lakmal to Najibullah, 1 run, shortish and outside off, whipped away through the mid-wicket region
28.6
Pradeep to Dawlat Zadran, no run, nice bouncer and Dawlat sways away to evade it. Pradeep finishes his spell, career-best figures for him
28.5
Pradeep to Najibullah, 1 run, straighter lines on middle and leg, worked away to deep mid-wicket
28.4
Pradeep to Najibullah, 2 runs, good awareness and they sneak the second run. Straying onto the hips and Najibullah tucks it behind square leg
28.3
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, fiery bumper, well-directed and it takes all of Najibullah's skills to sway out of this one. Top nut!
28.2
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, just short of sweeper cover! Brilliant work from Thisara who judged the bad bounce well and stopped it superbly on the half volley. Was an aerial loft from Najibullah and he didn't get hold of this one at all. He declines the run
28.1
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, beats the edge! Lovely away angler that straightens just a bit as Najibullah pokes at it. Dies onto the keeper
27.6
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, no run, bumper it finish the over, Dawlat watches it well and ducks under it
27.5
Lakmal to Najibullah, 1 run, back of a length angling into Najibullah who continues to stay slightly leg-side of the ball and nudges it softly towards point
27.4
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, 1 run, fuller and angling into Dawlat who pushes it in front of mid-on who is on the edge of the circle. Allows the single with ease
27.3
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, no run, good bumper, well-directed and Dawlat got inside the line for the pull but was very late. Doesn't connect
27.2
Lakmal to Dawlat Zadran, no run, shortish around off stump, Dawlat punches it towards backward point who is up close to cut off the single
27.1
Lakmal to Najibullah, 1 run, fractionally shorter and Najibullah rides the bounce with a punch through cover
26.6
Pradeep to Dawlat Zadran, no run, back of a length and this time, defended decently off the back foot by Dawlat
26.5
Pradeep to Dawlat Zadran, no run, peach! Straightens from a good length with a bit of extra bounce. Dawlat pushes tentatively at it and nearly nicks off
26.4
Pradeep to Dawlat Zadran, FOUR, comedy of errors in the fielding! Just when I said that they are buzzing in the field, this happens. Was pushed gently towards mid-on where Malinga mistimed the slide and let it past him. Mathews, who was behind the fast bowler, also couldn't get down in time and it sneaked towards the long-on fence. Mathews did give a desperate chase but in an attempt to haul it back, couldn't do it properly. Can't relax, the Lankans. This game can bite you back really quickly
26.3
Pradeep to Dawlat Zadran, no run, nearly a return catch now! It's all happening. This stuck onto the pitch a bit as Zadran pushed at it. Almost spooned it back to Pradeep
26.2
Pradeep to Dawlat Zadran, no run, huge LBW appeal! Turned down. Respite for Zadran who was struck on the back pad on this fullish inswinger. Perhaps just missing leg but it was really close. SL are buzzing
26.1
Pradeep to Rashid Khan, out Bowled!! He might be on an extended spell, but Pradeep's on a mission here .. ripping out the off-bail. A perfect neither-here-nor-there length, cutting in off the pitch and whizzing past Rashid's attempted whip - kissing the pad, and then the top of off wkt (7-123) min (7m). Rashid Khan b Pradeep 2(4)
25.6
Lakmal to Najibullah, no run, 132kph, up tall on his toes, punching this away from his body, defensively again, to cover
25.5
Lakmal to Najibullah, no run, three dots, with just a push, point
25.4
Lakmal to Najibullah, no run, 133kph, fifth-stumped. Wristily knocked off the inside half to mid-off
25.3
Lakmal to Najibullah, no run, stays beside the line, seemingly happy to defend it out, steerily to point
25.2
Lakmal to Rashid Khan, 1 run, pushed away off the back foot in front of extra cover, neatly judging a quick single
25.1
Lakmal to Rashid Khan, no run, tailing into the pads, and kisses a part of it to the diving keeper. It just didn't sound woody enough for a long appeal
24.6
Pradeep to Rashid Khan, 1 run, 139kph, full, outside off, sliced away through sweeper
24.5
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, out Lbw!! They'll claw back, and the screws will turn again. Pradeep gets his arc right, pitching it on a good length and getting it to do just enough off the wicket - by nipping in - to go past Gulbadin Naib's defence on the inside and rap him on the front knee roll in front of leg. The ump's convinced. Now, now. Afghanistan review. But despite the angle, it's clipping leg-stump .. and Sri Lanka will clinch onto every piece of straw here, and the umpire's call is one here wkt (6-121) min (56m). Gulbadin Naib lbw b Pradeep 23(32) [4s-2]
24.4
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, no run, length, on the stumps, defended to cover
24.4
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, wide, 5  more effort going down the drain. Pradeep's returning the Afghan favour, banging this in well into his own half in the pitch, and nothing the poor keeper can do with the height it gains either
24.3
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, no run, fuller, angling into off, driven out to mid-on
24.2
Pradeep to Najibullah, 1 run, 135kph, another outside edge, once again on the cover drive, past the two slips to third man
24.1
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, 136kph, full outside off, skewed off the outside half on the attempted cover drive - through point
23.6
Dhananjaya de Silva to Najibullah, FOUR, he'll rub in some cheek now. Reverses quickly, drags the line from middle powerfully behind square
23.5
Dhananjaya de Silva to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, stroked through the line, full-faced, long-on
23.4
Dhananjaya de Silva to Najibullah, 1 run, tickled away to the man at 45 - who's Malinga - and he can't nail a direct hit at the non-striker's
23.3
Dhananjaya de Silva to Najibullah, no run, good forward stride, punchy in defence
23.2
Dhananjaya de Silva to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, waits deep in the crease for it to spin in - which it duly does - to then tuck it round the corner
23.1
Dhananjaya de Silva to Gulbadin Naib, no run, floated up on off, blocked off the front foot
22.6
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, 129kph, hops, steering his defence to backward point
22.6
Pradeep to Najibullah, wide, asd29kph, wasted bouncer. Too short again
22.5
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, 132kph, thigh-lined. Nudged away just beside, which Pradeep can clean up himself
22.4
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, 136kph, opens up his bat, waiting for the ball to get parallel as he guides it away to point
22.4
Pradeep to Najibullah, wide, short again, but this one's clearly down leg
22.3
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, length, nipping back in. Zadran has a flat-footed jab, defending it back down the pitch once again
22.2
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, bouncer, leg-lined. Zadran overbalances, but has ducked down pretty early
22.1
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, 136kph, drops his wrists, softening the checked defence
21.6
Udana to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, 133kph, high full toss. Gulbadin Naib can't take full toll though, not really middling his flick - into cow corner
21.5
Udana to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 131kph, back, across, straight-batting the defence back
21.4
Udana to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, 131kph, too straight on the legs, whipped powerfully behind square
21.3
Udana to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 130kph, short, going across, Gulbadin Naib premeditates a sway out, dropping his wrists
21.2
Udana to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 131kph, head on ball, giving it a nice little sniff as he blocks under his nose
21.1
Udana to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, 128kph, cramped chop, coming off a thick inside edge past his legs, past his stumps. Takes them to their >100 moment ..
20.6
Lakmal to Najibullah, 2 runs, wide outside off, sliced away a tad streakily over point. But the outfield's a real sog, letting third man clean up
20.5
Lakmal to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, 128kph, rocks backwards, whipping it uppishly wide of mid-on
20.4
Lakmal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 131kph, holds his pose on the forward drive that goes straight to mid-off. If only runs were in direct proportion to your timing ..
20.3
Lakmal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 130kph, length, angling in on the stumps. Gulbadin Naib and his stride will cover it and keep it out
20.2
Lakmal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, cuts in, and then cuts back further off the inside edge on Gulbadin Naib's punch into the inner thigh
20.1
Lakmal to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 130kph, bounces a touch extra with the ball holding onto the pitch as well as Gulbadin Naib is made to chip his flick to mid-on
19.6
Perera to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, 129kph, another attempted steer away from his body, once again for the movement to take the thick outside half down to third man
19.5
Perera to Najibullah, 1 run, 128kph, sticks out a dab, using the pace as he runs it backward of point
19.4
Perera to Najibullah, no run, 129kph, angling across, Zadran leans closer and strokes it out to mid-off
19.3
Perera to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, 130kph, higher elbows, and a more crunchier punch to cover
19.2
Perera to Gulbadin Naib, no run, a hint of swing back in on off. Punchy drive off the front foot
19.1
Perera to Gulbadin Naib, no run, length on off. Gulbadin Naib stays behind it in defence
18.6
Malinga to Najibullah, 1 run, whipped away round the corner, and in the hurry to take the quick second, Zadran is just short of his crease while taking the first -- leaving them a run-short
18.5
Malinga to Najibullah, no run, 134kph, opens his bat, running off the outside half to point
18.4
Malinga to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, 131kph, back of a length, whacked off the hips with a swivel as well through square leg
18.4
Malinga to Gulbadin Naib, wide, short, but wastes all effort well down leg
18.3
Malinga to Gulbadin Naib, no run, goes round the wicket, keeping it full on middle. Gulbadin Naib stays behind, blocking it down the pitch
18.2
Malinga to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, goes short now. But Malinga with his lack of pace is merely dishing out sitters here. Gulbadin Naib knows, waits back in his crease and swats it powerfully in front of square
18.1
Malinga to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, when life gives you half vollies, you dish out drives with interest. Bang in the slot, and Gulbadin Naib has the neatest of straight drives stroked back crunchily
17.6
Perera to Najibullah, no run, it had to be full, it's going across and is carved away past point
17.6
Perera to Najibullah, wide, asd32kph, short again, and both the allowed bouncers have been ruined in greed -- too high
17.6
Perera to Najibullah, wide, asd31kph, banged in short. Too short in fact, well over the swaying Zadran
17.5
Perera to Najibullah, 2 runs, pushed away to mid-off, where Udana fumbles, letting it go through his legs
17.4
Perera to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, a soft knock to mid-on, a cheeky single and a direct hit. The third umpire will confim for us that Gulbadin Naib is well and truly in
17.3
Perera to Najibullah, Byes, 1 run, swings, and more so after pitching. Just keeps going away past the wafty drive .. with the ball then dipping in on the keeper and deflecting further off his gloves
17.2
Perera to Najibullah, no run, closer to the stumps, a more bat-pad stuck drive into off
17.1
Perera to Najibullah, no run, wobbly beat. Going across, which Zadran flirts at, something he HAS to. And miss
16.6
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 135kph, full, but Gulbadin Naib will stay on the back foot and then squeeze it away to cover
16.5
Pradeep to Najibullah, 1 run, 136kph, pitched up on off, pushed through the line, through the covers
16.4
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, 134kph, soft wristy hands, riding the bounce and then dropping it right by his feet
16.3
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, good length, somewhere just outside off. Zadran can block these
16.3
Pradeep to Najibullah, wide, short, too short says the square leg ump. Well, who are we to argue!?
16.2
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, 136kph, length, angling into off. Stern, just defences
16.1
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, 135kph, punched away from the body, but the ball seams away, takes the outside edge and flies down to third man
15.6
Perera to Najibullah, no run, 131kph, cramped up with back of a length, which he tries arching back to, but still can only stab off the under-edge to point
15.5
Perera to Najibullah, no run, 131kph, stays beside the line, poking it away to cover
15.4
Perera to Najibullah, no run, 134kph, wider, makes Zadran reach out to further to the angle, which he does to steer away to point
15.3
Perera to Najibullah, FOUR, 134kph, ah, too full. Zadran has never believed in using his feet, and why bother when the hands reaching out have the power in them to crunch this through extra cover
15.2
Perera to Najibullah, no run, fuller on middle, a wristy block it is
15.1
Perera to Najibullah, FOUR, slapped uppishly. Oooh. Zadran was very half-hearted, not really committing to his cut, in fact chipping it as he threw his hands at a wide-short one .. perfectly bisecting cover and point
14.6
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, no run, jumps backwards, punching the defence off the inside half down the pitch
14.5
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 130kph, another bumper. Angling in on the head now, as Gulbadin Naib goes in a periscope of a duck under
14.4
Pradeep to Najibullah, 1 run, 139kph, sticks out a dab, past the three slips
14.3
Pradeep to Najibullah, FOUR, crisp. 139kph in it, wide outside off and Zadran throws his weight into the drive, with real nice elbows in pose as he carves it away through sweeper
14.2
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, jumps beside, opening up his bat face in steering it away to point
14.1
Pradeep to Najibullah, no run, 136kph, bumper. Leg-lined. Zadran's not getting into it, ducking well and early
13.6
Perera to Najibullah, 3 runs, 132kph, overpitches in the quest to swing. Zadran leans, gets close to the pitch of it in drilling it through the covers
13.5
Perera to Najibullah, no run, angling across on off. Zadran manages to keep it out
13.4
Perera to Mohammad Nabi, out Bowled!! Oh the peaches continue. This one fuller, jagging back in off the deck as poor Mohammad Nabi is foxed into playing for it outside the line. Takes a ricochet off the thigh flap, and is still powerful enough to get these stumps to light up wkt (5-57) min (21m). Mohammad Nabi b Perera 11(16) [4s-1]
13.3
Perera to Mohammad Nabi, no run, tummy-lined, knocked out to leg after the covering shuffle
13.2
Perera to Mohammad Nabi, no run, half a poke. But a full-blooded snorter of a delivery. Shorter in length, zipping away off the pitch with Mohammad Nabi looking to reach out in the hope of the angle coming in. The feet don't go anywhere either. But no, just too good to connect
13.1
Perera to Mohammad Nabi, no run, 132kph, neat good length nipping back in on off. Mohammad Nabi presses, covers, defends
12.6
Pradeep to Gulbadin Naib, no run, wicket maiden! Pradeep has been the pick of the bowlers. He does nothing fancy with the final delivery, keeps it full and around off-stump, Gulbadin Naib pushes it tentatively to cover
12.5
Pradeep to Shahidi, out Caught by Kusal Perera!! Edged and taken! Sri Lanka are bossing this game now. This is a snorter from Pradeep. He gets the ball to climb up from a short of length and Shahidi wanted to force it through the off-side, he could not cope with the steep bounce and only managed to edge it behind. Kusal Perera times his jump and takes the catch over his head wkt (4-57) min (24m). Shahidi c Kusal Perera b Pradeep 4(17)
12.4
Pradeep to Shahidi, no run, bouncer on the stumps, Shahidi ducks under it and allows it to sail over him
12.3
Pradeep to Shahidi, no run, slanted across the left hander and Shahidi goes chasing after it, he saw the width and threw his bat but made no connection. The ball dies down in front in front of Kusal Perera
12.2
Pradeep to Shahidi, no run, that is the length which leaves Shahidi in no man's land, he's neither forward nor back as he looks to tap the good length delivery, the inside edge ricochets onto his pad
12.1
Pradeep to Shahidi, no run, back of a length around off, Shahidi is right behind the line to defend
11.6
Udana to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, short of length delivery and Mohammad Nabi is early into his one-legged pull, the top-edge balloons up and lands safely backward of square, Pradeep charges in from fine leg and hits the stumps at the bowler's end, Shahidi had made it in comfortably. The third umpire had made the decision even without seeing the replay, that was just comical as the replay was shown later and he then pressed not out on the giant screen
11.5
Udana to Shahidi, 1 run, short of length and Shahidi rides the bounce to punch it behind square on the off-side, backward point dived across to his right but does not get a hand, third man cleans up in the deep
11.4
Udana to Shahidi, no run, keeps pounding it on the three quarter length and Shahidi is content with a block back
11.3
Udana to Shahidi, no run, back of a length outside off, Shahidi punches without any timing and finds point
11.2
Udana to Shahidi, no run, good length ball around off, Shahidi prods forward and defends to cover
11.1
Udana to Mohammad Nabi, 3 runs, fuller and around off, Mohammad Nabi once more is not using his feet, flicks it with him stuck to the crease and Thirimanne dives over the ball near mid-wicket, the fielder from mid-on gives chase and saves a run
10.6
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, back of a length on middle, Mohammad Nabi tucks it in front of square on the leg-side and crosses over
10.5
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, FOUR, tad overpitched from Pradeep and Mohammad Nabi was waiting for something in his arc, extends his arm and lofts it through the line over mid-on, couple of bounces and into the fence
10.4
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, no run, bit more fuller and Mohammad Nabi's forward push is firmer, but cover gets across to his right to stop the ball
10.3
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, no run, good length ball just outside off, Mohammad Nabi knocks it into the off-side in front of cover
10.2
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, no run, angled in on off and middle, Mohammad Nabi stays back and clips it to mid-on
10.1
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, no run, in between length on the fourth stump line, Mohammad Nabi stabs it into the off-side
9.6
Udana to Shahidi, no run, short of length around off, Shahidi hops and drops it with soft hands into the off-side
9.5
Udana to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, Mohammad Nabi didn't know where the ball was. He stays rooted to the crease and tries to defend the good length delivery, the inside edge hits the back thigh and rolls behind square, Shahidi calls him through
9.4
Udana to Mohammad Nabi, no run, back of a length close to off, Mohammad Nabi is behind the line to defend it to the off-side
9.3
Udana to Shahidi, 1 run, sloppy. de Silva lets Shahidi off the hook. On a length around off, Shahidi presses forward and defends towards backward point, where de Silva makes a mess of a straightforward stop
9.2
Udana to Shahidi, no run, jaffa! Back of a length delivery that kicks up and straightens, Shahidi was looking to defend but did well to sway away from the line of the delivery. That was just unplayable
9.1
Udana to Shahidi, no run, good length ball outside off, Shahidi lifts his bat and lets it go
8.6
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short of length close to off, Mohammad Nabi stands tall and knocks it to point
8.5
Pradeep to Mohammad Nabi, no run, good length aimed for top of off-stump, Mohammad Nabi hops and bunts it into the on-side
8.4
Pradeep to Hazratullah Zazai, out Caught by Perera!! Brilliant! If the previous wicket boosted the morale, then this stunner from Thisara will only enhance that. Short and at the body, Zazai swivels and pulls it flat towards fine leg, the ball was traveling and Thisara did well to get there. He ran to his left at full tilt and then dived across to take it inches from the ground. We have already seen some blinders in the tournament, this will surely be among the top five wkt (3-44) min (48m). Hazratullah Zazai c Perera b Pradeep 30(25) [4s-3 6s-1]
8.3
Pradeep to Shahidi, 1 run, shortens the length around off, Shahidi rides the bounce and steers it to third man
8.2
Pradeep to Shahidi, no run, on a length and outside off, Shahidi lifts his bat and lets it go
8.1
Pradeep to Shahidi, no run, beats the bat first ball. Slanted across the left hander and there is wee bit of movement as well, Shahidi went for an ill-advised drive and almost nicks off behind
7.6
Udana to Shahidi, 1 run, teasing the batsman with a full delivery outside off, Shahidi takes the bait and drives without much footwork, the outside edge flies away through the vacant gully region
7.5
Udana to Rahmat, out Caught by Mathews!! This was on the cards. Udana was nagging away in the channel around off-stump, this was pushed a touch wider and Shah went chasing after it, the outside edge is found and Mathews makes no mistake at a wide first slip. Sri Lanka slowly getting back in the game and this wicket should boost their morale as Shah is the most reliable Afghanistan batsman wkt (2-42) min (18m). Rahmat c Mathews b Udana 2(11)
7.4
Udana to Rahmat, no run, looks to drive on the rise but it is not the right length, the ball hits the splice and rolls to cover
7.3
Udana to Rahmat, no run, angled across the right hander from short of length, Shah is back and across to defend
7.2
Udana to Rahmat, no run, back of a length around off, Shah defends with the bat away from the body, the ball hits the bat face and almost rolls back onto the stumps. It is the back leg that saved him there
7.1
Udana to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, nails it in the blockhole, Zazai jams it past a diving Udana and collects a single to long-on
6.6
Malinga to Rahmat, no run, on a length close to off, Shah is behind the line as he pushes it to cover
6.5
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, not giving pace to Zazai, on leg-stump and it has been tickled away to fine leg
6.4
Malinga to Rahmat, 1 run, short and at the body, Shah is in complete control of the swivel pull, he rolls his wrists and keeps it along the ground to fine leg
6.3
Malinga to Rahmat, no run, good length ball outside off, Shah lifts his bat and lets it go
6.2
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, slower back of a length delivery and Zazai tucks it to square leg
6.1
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, fuller and around off, Zazai punches it past Malinga but there is mid-on for back-up
6.1
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, wide, gets the slower delivery wrong, sprays it way outside off and Zazai has nothing to do with it
5.6
Udana to Rahmat, no run, turns the back of a length delivery into the leg-side and wanted a single, but Zazai is not the quickest and he sends Shah back
5.5
Udana to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, slanting into the left hander, nurdled away in front of square on the leg-side, for a single
5.4
Udana to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, nails the yorker just outside off, squeezed hard into the ground and the ball bounces over Udana
5.3
Udana to Rahmat, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Shah creams a drive towards cover and a half stop from DK allows him to open his account
5.2
Udana to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, spears in the yorker on the stumps, squirted off the inside edge backward of square leg
5.1
Udana to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, nearly had a wicket with his first ball. The full length delivery holds on the surface, Zazai pops it back and it dies down in front of a diving Udana, who did well to get a hand on the half volley
4.6
Malinga to Rahmat, no run, aiming for the top of off-stump, Shah is solidly behind the line to defend it out
4.5
Malinga to Rahmat, no run, good length ball on off-stump, Shah stays on the back foot to block it to cover
4.4
Malinga to Mohammad Shahzad, out Caught by Karunaratne!! There's the wicket. It is the skipper who hangs on to the catch. Malinga has broken past this partnership. The good length delivery drifts on leg-stump, Shahzad is early into the flick and chips it tamely towards short mid-wicket, DK dives forward and takes it centimeters from the ground. Sri Lanka needed this. Malinga needed this to get him going in the tournament wkt (1-34) min (24m). Mohammad Shahzad c Karunaratne b Malinga 7(12) [4s-1]
4.3
Malinga to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, good length ball on the stumps, Shahzad defends it by getting behind the line
4.2
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, dropped! Mendis has put down a sitter. Malinga can't believe it. He needs support from his fielders. Short ball angled across the left hander, Zazai is not ducking around, he pulls and the top-edge skies up towards deep backward square, Mendis runs in and lets it to slip out of his hand
4.1
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, Malinga thought he was close to getting Zazai, but he's wrong. The slower delivery is picked out of the hand and swung with a mighty heave to deep mid-wicket, well away from the fielder near the boundary rope
3.6
Lakmal to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, fuller than a good length and shaping away outside off, Shahzad walks down and shoulders arms
3.5
Lakmal to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, good length ball outside off, Shahzad lifts his bat and lets it go
3.4
Lakmal to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, this is much better. More of this should relax his captain. On a length and decks in after pitching, Shahzad is caught in the crease with his bat hanging away, the ball beats the inside edge and was not far from the off-stump
3.4
Lakmal to Mohammad Shahzad, wide, poor bowling. An experienced pacer like Lakmal is finding it hard against a left-right combination. Splays the back of a length delivery down leg and Shahzad gets nothing on it, easy call for the umpire
3.3
Lakmal to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, angled in on middle and leg, clipped away to deep mid-wicket
3.2
Lakmal to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, another short ball which is well-directed, Zazai swivels and takes it on, but it keeps climbing on him and beats the top-edge. The umpire is fine with the height
3.2
Lakmal to Hazratullah Zazai, wide, bouncer outside off, Zazai watches it sail over him. Even Perera had to leap up to glove it. The umpire calls it a wide for height. Sri Lankan new ball bowlers under pressure
3.1
Lakmal to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, this is brute power. Zazai clears his front leg, allows the ball to land near them and whips it powerfully past mid-on. He didn't even bother to run, that's how hard he had struck it
2.6
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, slower delivery that cramps Zazai for room, tucked to square leg
2.5
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, curling in from a fuller length and Zazai brings the bottom hand into play, whips it powerfully past Malinga but cannot beat the mid-on fielder
2.4
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, slower full toss outside off, Zazai bashes it along the ground and finds mid-off
2.3
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, the change of angle does not work for Malinga. He offers a juicy overpitch outside off and even though Zazai's feet don't move, he has a good balance to thrash the drive through extra cover
2.2
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, full toss and Zazai has missed out there, he bends forward and directs it with an angled bat to point. He should have placed it better and got something of it
2.1
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, fullish and outside off, Zazai reaches out and knocks it to mid-off
1.6
Lakmal to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, short of length and closer to the batsman, Shahzad drops it with soft hands into the off-side
1.5
Lakmal to Mohammad Shahzad, FOUR, top shot! Nothing much wrong with the delivery. Wee bit of width on the short of length delivery, Shahzad rides the bounce by jumping off the ground and punches it square of the wicket, the timing is good enough to beat the two chasing fielders
1.4
Lakmal to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, back of a length around off, Shahzad hops and defends down the wicket
1.3
Lakmal to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, full and slanting in, Zazai whips it with a strong bottom hand and hits it on the bounce to deep mid-wicket
1.2
Lakmal to Hazratullah Zazai, SIX, woah! That is some hit. Zazai is not going to die wondering. Fraction short and Zazai was onto it in a flash, he fetches it from outside off and muscles the pull to deep mid-wicket. The ball lands on the ad cushions to give Zazai a maximum
1.1
Lakmal to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, ufff! These Afghanistan openers have no clue about the swing. Lakmal starts with a full delivery around off, Zazai with cemented feet swings through the line without accounting for the movement, the ball beats the inside edge and almost kisses the off-stump on the way to Kusal Perera
0.6
Malinga to Mohammad Shahzad, 2 runs, now a leading edge.. A top over from Malinga. Pitching on middle and leg before swirling away, Shahzad closed the bat face to flick it through the leg-side and the edge took the ball through cover-point. Should have had a wicket or two, but ends up conceding six off the over
0.5
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, and again.. He's trying to hit that boot. Watch out, Zazai! Tailing in and Zazai somehow got his bat down once more to eke out an inside edge backward of square leg, just a single this time
0.4
Malinga to Hazratullah Zazai, 2 runs, oh! Almost went past Zazai. This is a top nut. The inswinging yorker and Zazai just managed to get his bat down in time, squirted off the inside edge through his legs and Pradeep does well to keep it to a brace - put in a full length dive and flicked the ball in play
0.3
Malinga to Mohammad Shahzad, 1 run, edged and safe. It does not carry to second slip. Once more Shahzad's feet are glued to the crease and the ball swings away to take the outside edge, lands in front of Mendis and the one-handed deflection takes it to third man. Shahzad is off the mark in WC 2019
0.2
Malinga to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, touch wider and Shahzad prods across to have a feel for the ball, the ball curls away outside off to beat the outside edge. Malinga and Shahzad both share a smile
0.1
Malinga to Mohammad Shahzad, no run, swings in the air and lands on a fullish length, Shahzad stays rooted to the crease and allows the ball to arrive, presents a straight bat and knocks it past Malinga
Commentary
Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Mohammad Shahzad,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Pradeep,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
