49.6
Bumrah to Santner, leg byes, 1 run, fuller length delivery, lots of pace on it, 143km/h, Santner tries to hoick it into the on-side, gets it off the pads towards short third man for a single. That's that- NZ set India 240 to win in 2019's first World Cup semi-final
49.5
Bumrah to Santner, 2 runs, very full once again, Santner manages to go deep enough to get under it, clubbed to mid-off for a couple as Rahul dives and cuts it off
49.4
Bumrah to Boult, 1 run, very full delivery just outside off, Boult backs away and clubs it away towards mid-off for a quick single. A throw at the striker's end, but too wide
49.3
Bumrah to Boult, 2 runs, another short one right at the body, an ungainly pull to deep mid-wicket and they've run a couple! Well well well!
49.2
Bumrah to Boult, no run, one short for the over, 134km/h angling right in towards his head, and it soars over his attempted hook
49.1
Bumrah to Santner, 1 run, a third full-toss by Bumrah, who's been erring with the yorkers today, and that's swatted away to long-on for a single. Pace completely off - 99.6km/h. Nothing to play with.
48.6
Bhuvneshwar to Matt Henry, out Caught by Kohli! That's the end of Henry! A couple of wickets for Bhuvneshwar, as he tries to power a lifeless length ball over long-on, gets the timing slightly wrong, as you do when you're trying to create all the heat, and that's Kohli settling under a simple catch at wide long-on. Wickets falling in a hurry here wkt (8-232) min (6m). Matt Henry c Kohli b Bhuvneshwar 1(2)
48.5
Bhuvneshwar to Santner, 1 run, short one on the body, no pace, and that's a better line, and that's a delayed pull away to deep mid-wicket for a single
48.4
Bhuvneshwar to Santner, FOUR, pace off once again, but width on offer, playing into their hands, and that's bludgeoned through the deep extra cover fence for four
48.3
Bhuvneshwar to Matt Henry, 1 run, short and wide, a whippy slap, reminds me of a primary-school teacher, gets it away to sweeper cover for a single - it's Jadeja, and they won't take the second. Don't even try...
48.2
Bhuvneshwar to Santner, 1 run, short of length delivery without any width, tapped off the backfoot to cover point for a sharp single
48.1
Bhuvneshwar to Latham, out Caught by Jadeja! He's everywhere! Omnipresent, omnipotent, Ravindra Jadeja! Two set batsmen, a length ball from Bhuvi, not the best choice, but a flat hit by Latham to the deep ends up in the hands of that man. The man of the moment. He's a few meters inside the rope, but he rushes back, and leaps to take a terrific catch, kneels down like a Maharaja to the crowd! Whattaplaya! wkt (7-225) min (22m). Latham c Jadeja b Bhuvneshwar 10(11)
47.6
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, out Ross Taylor Run Out!! 1 run completed . Looks like a direct-hit by, you guessed it, Jadeja! A tuck away towards deep square leg, a fabulous throw at the striker's end as they attempt to take a second, and he's scored with one stump to aim at! Ravindrasinh Jadeja, I bow down to you. What an incredible fielder! The key wicket of Ross Taylor - and he's been run-out for a second consecutive time. wkt (6-225) min (130m). Ross Taylor run out (Jadeja) 74(90) [4s-3 6s-1]
47.5
Bumrah to Latham, 1 run, slower delivery once again, not sure that's the best ploy, on the pads and that's whipped away to deep square leg for a single
47.4
Bumrah to Latham, 2 runs, sees him premeditating the scoop, takes even more pace off (113km/h), Latham scoops it away towards fine leg for a couple. Intelligent bowling.
47.3
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of length delivery, pace off (118km/h), slugged away off the under-edge towards backward square leg for a single
47.2
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, yet another full-toss on off, swatted away towards wide long-on for another couple
47.1
Bumrah to Latham, 1 run, a rare loosener to start with, a full-toss on the pads, whipped away towards long-on for a single
46.6
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, another attempted yorker, a few centimeters fuller, and that's taken on the full to be whipped away to mid-wicket for a couple
46.5
Bhuvneshwar to Latham, 1 run, another inch-perfect yorker length, dug out from the crease to short cover for a quick single. Some interception between the batsman and Bhuvi, who collects the ball and mocks a throw at the non-striker's end - because there's no one backing up
46.4
Bhuvneshwar to Latham, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on the pads, whipped away to backward square leg for a single - no wait - a couple! A poor throw from DK in the deep, and some lousy movement too
46.3
Bhuvneshwar to Latham, no run, that's a fantastic yorker marginally wide of off-stump, Latham tries to get bat on ball - misses out. Through to MSD
46.2
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, slapped away towards sweeper cover for a single
46.1
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, yorker length delivery outside off, squeezed towards extra-cover where Chahal makes another fumble - gifts NZ another run
45.6
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
45.5
Bumrah to Latham, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Latham's pads, clipped past square leg for a single
45.4
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 3 runs, oh dear! This is poor cricket from India now, have allowed NZ a couple of free runs - all this after Bumrah had induced a leading edge that popped behind square on the on-side. Taylor closed the bat-face on the flick and the edge rolled towards third man. Chahal's return wasn't gathered cleanly by MS and the ball rolled to mid-wicket. The fielder there has a shy at the bowler's end and there was no one backing up there either, so, NZ steal another run. No wonder, Kohli is livid
45.3
Bumrah to Latham, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Latham swivels across and nailed the pull, goes to RJ on first bounce - either side of him, would have been a boundary
45.2
Bumrah to Latham, no run, fuller length delivery at the stumps, Latham was looking to work it to the on-side and finds mid-wicket with the clip
45.1
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower short ball outside off, Taylor runs it straight to Rishabh Pant at short third man for a single
44.6
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, Taylor runs it down towards third man for a single
44.5
Bhuvneshwar to Latham, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, worked wide of the bowler for a single
44.4
Bhuvneshwar to Colinde Grandhomme, out Caught by Dhoni!! Oh dear! A daft shot and CdG falls - the slower bouncer from Bhuvneshwar, no pace to work with, CdG made room for the fine upper-cut - the margin for error on that shot is very low, all he managed was a thick top-edge and the ball gently lobbed to MS behind the stumps. He could have done some serious damage in these last few overs, India will be glad to see the back of him now. wkt (5-200) min (19m). Colinde Grandhomme c Dhoni b Bhuvneshwar 16(10) [4s-2]
44.3
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven towards mid-off for a quick single, brings up NZ's 200
44.2
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, short of a good length and well outside off, Taylor reaches out and clatters it wide of cover where Chahal makes a tumbling stop, saves a couple of runs
44.1
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, no run, Ross Taylor has been given out LBW and he wants a review. Don't think he has bat on this, where was the impact? It's a fair delivery, think there's no inside edge, UltraEdge confirms it. Ball tracking in, the impact is outside off and Ross Taylor will survive, NOT OUT is the call. He has had a fair chunk of luck today, was walking off after replays confirmed there was no inside edge, but he had got himself marginally outside off - coming to the ball, it was full and around the off-stump line, Taylor went down on his knees as he looked to sweep and missed
43.6
Chahal to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, 18 from the over, poor delivery from Chahal to end an ordinary spell, dragged his length back and it sat up to be smacked - cracked past point and there's no need to run for those
43.5
Chahal to Ross Taylor, leg byes, 1 run, very full and drifting onto the right-hander, Taylor was looking to flick and missed, off the pad and rolled to the off-side
43.4
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, nicely tossed up around middle, Taylor can't get underneath the ball, driven back at the bowler
43.4
Chahal to Ross Taylor, wide, Chahal loops this one way outside off, called as a wide
43.3
Chahal to Ross Taylor, FOUR, more runs, this is turning out to be an expensive over - tossed up at the stumps, he gets his left leg of the way and drilled it wide of mid-wicket. Even RJ can't get across and that despite his dive
43.2
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, tossed up around the leg-stump line, worked in front of square on the on-side, Taylor wants a second run and he scampers back
43.1
Chahal to Ross Taylor, SIX, clubbed, fifty for Taylor - he has battled and battled hard, but this is a fine blow. This was tossed up well outside off, right in his arc as he got down and swiped it high and over mid-wicket - the first six of the day
42.6
Hardik Pandya to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, on a good length and on CdG's pads, whipped away behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
42.5
Hardik Pandya to Colinde Grandhomme, FOUR, beautifully played, poor ball from Hardik and he knows it, short and wide of off, CdG waited on it, opens the face of the bat and then ran it behind square on the off-side. Third man was fine and has no chance
42.4
Hardik Pandya to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, the bouncer from Hardik, CdG made room for the upper cut and is beaten on the top edge
42.3
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of a good length and well wide of off, dabbed behind square on the off-side for a single
42.2
Hardik Pandya to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, short and just outside off, CdG was looking to ride the bounce, gets an underedge towards short third man for a single
42.1
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, chopped behind square on the off-side for a single
41.6
Chahal to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, streaky, but CdG survives, the attempted wrong 'un and the batsman didn't read it, went with hard hands on the drive and gets a big inside edge, past the leg-stump and wide of the fielder at short fine
41.5
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower and well outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
41.4
Chahal to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, CdG will play his shots, flighted delivery outside off, he leans forward and lifts it back over the bowler's head, bounces a couple of times on its way to long-off
41.3
Chahal to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, tossed up on the leg-stump line, CdG leans across and works it wide of mid-wicket, wants the second run and Ross Taylor responds
41.2
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, pushed through flatter and quicker, chopped to the left of backward point for a quick single
41.1
Chahal to Colinde Grandhomme, leg byes, 1 run, half-an-appeal for LBW, but this slider was going down leg, CdG was looking to flick and missed
40.6
Hardik Pandya to Neesham, out Caught by Karthik!! Hardik strikes and New Zealand once again lose a wicket just as they looked like they were about to accelerate. This was full and this was on Neesham's pads, he was looking to flick, played the shot a fraction too early and the ball ballooned in the air towards wide long-on, off a thick leading edge. Karthik had plenty of time to get under it and he completes the catch with minimum fuss. There's the customary check for a possible front-foot no-ball, but Hardik is fine on that count as well. wkt (4-162) min (28m). Neesham c Karthik b Hardik Pandya 12(18) [4s-1]
40.5
Hardik Pandya to Neesham, FOUR, Neesham breaks the shackles, back of a length and at the stumps, Neesham waits on the ball and pulls it behind square on the on-side, bisects the two fielders in the deep to a nicety
40.4
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, the yorker now, clever from Hardik - making the batsman think, Taylor jams his bat down and squeezes it to the off-side
40.3
Hardik Pandya to Neesham, 1 run, change of pace and that nearly did Neesham in, way too early on the pull, wass through with the shot and the ball lobbed off the back of the bat - drops in front of backward point
40.2
Hardik Pandya to Neesham, no run, that's an effort ball from Hardik, banged it short and followed Neesham as he backed away, a swing and a miss
40.1
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower short ball outside off, dabbed behind square on the off-side for a single
39.6
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, once again, Taylor was rushed for pace, mistimes the pull to backward square leg
39.5
Bumrah to Neesham, 1 run, yorker length delivery at the stumps, Neesham squeezes it in front of mid-on and calls for a quick single - Kohli came rushing across from mid-wicket and had a shy at Ross Taylor's end, misses, but don't think the batsman was in any trouble
39.4
Bumrah to Neesham, no run, banged in short and angling across the left-hander, cramped for room, Neesham still went for the pull, mistimes it to mid-wicket
39.3
Bumrah to Neesham, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, the slower ball from Bumrah, dropped off the face of the bat to backward point
39.2
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Taylor swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it past mid-wicket for a single
39.1
Bumrah to Neesham, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, Neesham runs it down towards third man for a single
38.6
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, good running from Taylor, nudges a length ball in front of long-on, ran the first one hard and came back for the second
38.5
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, no run, that's another proper hack from Taylor, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Taylor pressed across on the heave and is beaten by the lack of bounce
38.4
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, Taylor is looking to play some shots now, short of a length and well outside off, Taylor drags the pull wide of mid-wicket and comes back for the second run
38.3
Bhuvneshwar to Neesham, 1 run, that has been shovelled, length ball angling across the left-hander, Neesham brought his bottom hand into effect and drags it towards long-on, for a single
38.2
Bhuvneshwar to Neesham, no run, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, Neesham went for a hack and gets a big inside edge towards mid-on
38.1
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Taylor rolls his wrists and pulls it down past mid-wicket for a single
37.6
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, good stop from Bhuvneshwar, saved three runs for his team, short of a length and well wide of off, chopped to the right of backward point where the fielder tumbled and made a half-stop
37.6
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, wide, Hardik attempts the slower ball, but this is miles outside the tramlines and called as a wide
37.5
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, no run, the slower bouncer from Hardik, Taylor sways away from the line and lets it go
37.4
Hardik Pandya to Neesham, 1 run, a lazy effort from Rohit, will go down as a chance - the slower bouncer from Pandya and Neesham was completely done in - hung his bat as an afterthough, looped off the top-edge and lobbed wide of mid-wicket. Rohit ran across and then half-heartedly went with his left hand, can't even get a finger on that
37.3
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of a length and angling into the right-hander, pulled away behind square on the on-side for a single
37.2
Hardik Pandya to Neesham, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, extra bounce from a length and that surprised Neesham - managed to work it behind square on the off-side for a single
37.1
Hardik Pandya to Neesham, no run, the slower short ball from Hardik, rolled his fingers across the seam, Neesham was looking to push it to the off-side and is beaten by the lack of pace
36.6
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, Taylor gets lucky once again, on a good length and coming back into the right-hander, Taylor was looking to heave it over the leg-side, closed the bat-face early and the leading edge squirted over backward point, bounces well in front of the fielder in the deep
36.5
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, no run, on a good length and around the off-stump channel, defended back at the bowler
36.4
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, no run, Taylor has been struggling - this was the slower bouncer and he was looking to duck under, at the last moment he decided to swat and ended up missing it completely
36.3
Bhuvneshwar to Neesham, 1 run, Bhuvneshwar shortens his length on off, worked in front of mid-on for a single
36.2
Bhuvneshwar to Neesham, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Neesham dabbed it in front of backward point and was on a lookout for a quick single - nothing doing as RJ charges in
36.1
Bhuvneshwar to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, Taylor plays close to his body and runs it down towards third man for a single
35.6
Chahal to Neesham, no run, flighted on off, Neesham leans well forward on the defensive push
35.5
Chahal to Neesham, no run, nicely bowled by Chahal, the leg-break on off, Neesham was shuffling across and just about manages to get his bat down in time
35.4
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, very full from Chahal, eased down towards long-on for a single
35.3
Chahal to Neesham, 1 run, tossed up on the leg-stump line, worked wide of square leg for a single
35.2
Chahal to Williamson, out Caught by Jadeja!! Crafty from Chahal and this is a big blow for New Zealand - the man who could perhaps have taken them past 250 has been dismissed. KW looks disappointed as he trudges back to the hut, beautifully bowled by Chahal, slowed down the pace, drifted in and then got the top-spinner to rip away, KW was looking to go over cover with the drive, the ball dipped on him and he couldn't cover for the turn - sliced it off the outer half and it's a sitter at backward point for Jadeja. wkt (3-134) min (137m). Williamson c Jadeja b Chahal 67(95) [4s-6]
35.1
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tossed up well outside off, eased into the gap wide of cover for a single
34.6
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, that was close, pushed through flatter and just outside off, KW made room for the cut and missed, didn't miss the off-stump by much
34.5
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, appeal for a stumping, but KW looks comfortable. Foot on the ground and inside the crease, NOT OUT is the call. Good comeback from RJ, shortened his length and got it to drift away from the right-hander, KW was lunging forward on the push and missed. MS was quick to whip the bails off, but to no avail
34.4
Jadeja to Williamson, FOUR, beautifully played, all class from KW, bends down low, gets close to the ball and then plays the slog sweep, one bounce and over the mid-wicket ropes
34.3
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower and well outside off, nudged in front of square on the off-side for a single
34.2
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, a little shimmy from Taylor, gets too close to the ball and then blocks
34.1
Jadeja to Williamson, 3 runs, lovely, first signs of aggression from KW, but Pant does even better to prevent the boundary - was running towards the path of the ball and then has to run back , puts in the dive and pulls the ball back in. Coming to the ball, it was tossed up outside off, KW made room and went inside out over cover with the drive
33.6
Bumrah to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, dabbed behind square on the off-side for a single
33.5
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, the bouncer from Bumrah, KW ducks under it and lets it go - MS isn't comfortable with the gloves - remember, he's braving a finger injury and that could be one reason for the dropped half-chance
33.4
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, defended to the on-side
33.3
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Taylor is struggling today, once again hurried for pace on this short ball, went through with the pull way too early - the ball lobbed behind square on the on-side - off his gloves
33.2
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Taylor prods across and turns it to mid-wicket
33.1
Bumrah to Williamson, 1 run, the slower off-cutter from Bumrah, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
32.6
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, straight delivery, Taylor defends and that will be drinks
32.5
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, outside edge as Taylor tries to drive this flighted delivery outside off stump, rolls to backward point
32.4
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, flat ball, not much of turn, Taylor defends
32.3
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, shortish and spinning away outside off stump, Taylor cuts to backward point
32.2
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, fires it flat and on the stumps, Taylor defends
32.1
Jadeja to Williamson, 1 run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Williamson drives to long-off
31.6
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, no run, appeal for LBW. Not given. Bumrah asks if it was going down.. Ump says height. Off-cutting slower delivery from Bumrah, turns considerably, impact in line with off stump, but too much distance to travel and that saved Taylor
31.5
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, no run, stays rooted to the crease as Bumrah hurries him with a fullish delivery angling in, Taylor flicks to short mid-wicket
31.4
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, no run, moves off-side and dabs to backward point
31.3
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, no run, edged, did that carry? Ohhhh is the expression on Bumrah's face. Oh that may well have carried! Hits Dhoni on the fingertips and he flings in pain. The leg-cutter short of length delivery, Taylor is opened up in his defence, gets a thick edge, Dhoni dives low and forward but couldn't quite grab that. A toughie though
31.2
Bumrah to Ross Taylor, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Taylor defends into the off-side
31.1
Bumrah to Williamson, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Williamson dabs to third man
30.6
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 1 run, firm drive off the front foot but straight to deep point
30.5
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, hops and punches to mid-off this time
30.4
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, full delivery outside off stump, Williamson drives to mid-off
30.3
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, another top edge, again lands safely! This time Taylor is hurried on the pull shot, hits him very high on the bat, the Indian fans got exctied for a moment, but it dropped just outside the inner circle right between deep square leg and long leg
30.2
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 1 run, short of length delivery on the leg stump, Williamson flicks to deep square leg
30.1
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, FOUR, top edge, but safe. Williamson went for the pull shot to this shortish delivery, luckily for him it went very straight and fine leg had no chance running a long way to his right
29.6
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, googly to round off the over, Taylor defends
29.5
Chahal to Ross Taylor, FOUR, leg-side delivery, Taylor sweeps fine, gets it past short fine leg and the ball runs away to the boundary. No one at long-leg and deep square had too much ground to cover
29.4
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, covers the line and defends
29.3
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, driven down to long-on and that's the fifty for Williamson - 39th in ODIS. He's scored a truck load of runs. Big innings this under pressure. India were brilliant with the new ball, then they found turn as well, but Williamson was so determined. You could tell that even in his defence
29.2
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, spinning away outside off stump, Taylor cuts to sweeper cover
29.2
Chahal to Ross Taylor, wide, appeal for caught behind but umpire Illingworth signals wide. Looked like that definitely touched pad. Leg-side delivery from Chahal and he is penalised
29.1
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Williamson drives it to long-off
28.6
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 1 run, slower delivery down the leg-side, Williamson flicks to deep backward square leg
28.5
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, good length delivery outside off stump, Williamson tries to punch off the back foot, mistimes to cover
28.4
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 2 runs, overpitched delivery, Williamson drives well, the man at cover dives and gets a hand on it
28.3
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, change of pace, Taylor guides it to third man
28.3
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, wide, short slower delivery, Taylor lets it go, too high again
28.2
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, no run, leg-side freebie, but Taylor misses the tuck, the ball rolls to Ms Dhoni's left off the thigh pad, MSD dives and saves a few runs
28.1
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 1 run, short slower delivery wide outside off stump, Williamson cuts to deep point. 100 up for New Zealand - in the 29th over
27.6
Chahal to Ross Taylor, FOUR, oh outside edge but wide of slip. The googly from Chahal, Taylor went back to cut, didn't read the variation from the hand, react off the pitch, went through with the shot and got away with a thick edge
27.5
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, driven off the front foot to long-on
27.4
Chahal to Williamson, no run, goes back and defends
27.3
Chahal to Williamson, FOUR, aah! An attempt for a big hit from Williamson after ages. First boundary for New Zealand in 81 balls. Chahal bowled this really full, Williamson went for the slog-sweep, didn't catch the middle of the bat and the wood was good enough to send it to the deep mid-wicket fence
27.2
Chahal to Williamson, no run, neatly blocked into the pitch
27.1
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, this one didn't turn, looked like the straighter delivery, Taylor mistimes the drive through mid-off
26.6
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, good ball. Bumper on the off stump, Williamson drops his hands and sways out
26.5
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, fullish delivery just outside off stump, Williamson drives it to mid-wicket
26.4
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short slower delivery, Taylor pulls through backward square leg
26.3
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 1 run, oh inside edge threatens to disturb the sticks. Off-cutter, Williamson pushed hard at that, but the spin on the ball foxed him, edge through backward square leg
26.2
Hardik Pandya to Ross Taylor, 1 run, easy tuck to leg past the square leg ump
26.1
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 1 run, starts his fresh spell with a short of length delivery down the leg-side, Williamson glances it to fine leg
25.6
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, shortish delivery outside off stump, Williamson cuts square of the wicket on the off-side
25.5
Chahal to Williamson, no run, the yorker, Williamson thought of an across the line shot, but changes his mind and digs it out
25.4
Chahal to Williamson, no run, flighted delivery from Chahal, Williamson defends into the off-side
25.3
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tap-and-run single to short cover, oh very close with the run-out there for KW. Kohli attacked the ball and under-armed the ball towards Dhoni but missed the target. Hands on head moment
25.2
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, covers the line and blocks
25.1
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, Chahal can't believe the finger hasn't gone up. Looks back at Dhoni. That looked really close. The slider from Chahal, Taylor wanted to defend off the front foot, the ball beats the inside edge and hits him in line with leg stump. Enough doubt there for the ump to play safe
24.6
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, dabbed with soft hands to the left of backward point
24.5
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, 1 run, very full and on the leg stump, Taylor drives to long-on
24.4
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, on the off stump, Taylor defends but gets a thickish edge that rolls towards point
24.3
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, flatter delivery on the stumps, Taylor defends
24.2
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, nice and straight, Taylor defends from the crease
24.1
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, leg-stump line, Taylor defends into the on-side
23.6
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, carefully pushes to the left of cover and sets off, Jadeja funnily under-arms the ball to the bowler knowing there's no point have a real shy at the bowler's end
23.5
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, allows the ball to spin and then defends with soft hands
23.4
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, shortish from Chahal, Williamson punches it to sweeper cover
23.3
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Taylor drives to long-off
23.2
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, pushed off the front foot towards cover
23.1
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, past the bat again. Jadeja pitches on off and gets it to rip across Taylor's defence, lucky to survive there the batsman
22.6
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, very full on the stumps, Williamson flicks to short mid-wicket
22.5
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, 1 run, driven along the ground to long-off
22.4
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, defended off the front foot
22.3
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, oh Taylor runs down the pitch and searching for the ball as Jadeja fires down the leg-side, Jadeja was attempting a leg-side stumping, but managed by the batsman
22.2
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, defended into the off-side
22.1
Jadeja to Williamson, 1 run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Williamson drives it to sweeper cover
21.6
Chahal to Williamson, leg byes, 1 run, soft appeal for LBW, missing leg. The slider from Chahal, Williamson wanted to block off the front foot, impact in line with leg but would have missed the sticks because Williamson had a big stride forward
21.5
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, pushes with the spin to cover
21.4
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, beaten, flighted delivery outside off stump, Taylor tries to defend, doesn't account for the turn
21.3
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, very full from Chahal, Williamson drives it to long-off
21.2
Chahal to Williamson, no run, now a nudge to short mid-wicket
21.1
Chahal to Williamson, no run, he comes fully forward, watches the ball closely and dead-bats the ball
20.6
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, fires this through, Taylor covers the line and defends very well
20.5
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, slider, Taylor managed to handle that well, defended with the bat close to the pad
20.4
Jadeja to Williamson, 1 run, very full on the stumps, Williamson drives it to long-off
20.3
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, short enough for Williamson to hang back and punch to mid-off
20.2
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, this is a drive to cover off the front foot
20.1
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Williamson defends to cover
19.6
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, very full from Chahal, Williamson drives it to long-on
19.5
Chahal to Williamson, no run, blocked towards point
19.4
Chahal to Williamson, no run, brilliant delivery. This flighted delivery pitches off stump and turns square, gee this one gripped, sharp spin and beats Williamson on the forward defence, Dhoni checks the bails off, but KW was inside
19.3
Chahal to Williamson, no run, softly defended off the back foot as Chahal bowls close to off stump
19.2
Chahal to Ross Taylor, 1 run, too full to trouble the batsman, easy off-drive to long-off
19.1
Chahal to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Taylor leans forward and defends
19.1
Chahal to Ross Taylor, wide, Chahal slants this down the leg-side
18.6
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, oh look at the turn there. Got to be a great delivery to beat Williamson. This one pitched around good length and spun a mile, Williamson was on the back foot to punch, withdrew the bat very late
18.5
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, 1 run, off the mark, Taylor flicks it to square leg
18.4
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, steps down the pitch, but Jadeja drops it short and forces Taylor into a defensive line
18.3
Jadeja to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Taylor defends
18.2
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, out Bowled!! This is what Jadeja does. He bowls wicket-to-wicket and when the batsman isn't attacking him, he keeps hitting a consistent line and gets one to spin sharply. Nicholls tried to defend off the front foot, but the ball sneaked through the bat-pad gap to hit middle and off stump. Anyway he was struggling to come forward and play Jadeja from the start. The stubborn 68-run stand broken and the Indian fans are absolutely loving it in the stands. The replay suggest the ball beat the bat and took the elbow before igniting the sticks. wkt (2-69) min (87m). Henry Nicholls b Jadeja 28(51) [4s-2]
18.1
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, no run, defended into the on-side
17.6
Chahal to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, nicely bowled, tempted Nicholls with a flighted delivery on the stumps, Nicholls watchfully flicked to long-on
17.5
Chahal to Henry Nicholls, no run, really full delivery, driven back to the bowler
17.4
Chahal to Henry Nicholls, no run, oh hit back hard at the bowler. Williamson dives back into his crease as the ball ricochets off Chahal's hands and comes close to the stumps
17.3
Chahal to Williamson, 1 run, leans forward and drives along the ground to long-on
17.2
Chahal to Williamson, no run, covers the line and defends
17.1
Chahal to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, this time steps out and drives, Chahal can't cut it off, goes to long-on
17.1
Chahal to Henry Nicholls, wide, 5 well, well! Stumping chance missed by MSD? Chahal sprayed this down the leg-side, Nicholls overbalanced as he tried to step down the pitch, he couldn't get bat on ball, Dhoni moved to his right but couldn't cover the line. Nicholls seemed to have tried to push his back foot inside the line. Too close!
16.6
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, blocked from the crease
16.5
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, there's that late dab that Williamson loves to play, he tries to get it past the man at slip but doesn't succeed
16.4
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, Williamson rises tall to work this with the spin towards cover
16.3
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, leg-sidish, turned to fine leg
16.2
Jadeja to Williamson, 3 runs, that's a lovely drive between extra cover and mid-off, Bhuvi Kumar runs to his left from long-off and slides to save a run
16.1
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, pushed into the off-side
15.6
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, inside edge onto pad as Nicholls fails to nail the flick shot to this short of length delivery
15.5
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, short of length delivery, Nicholls defends
15.4
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, oh Jadeja! What a brilliant fielder. He dived to his right and saved this at backward point, Nicholls did the most ill-adivsed thing - to take on Jadeja to give him a chance. KW sent Nicholls back, Jadeja recovered from the dive, took aim and fired a bullet throw, off target though. Nicholls played this full ball off the outer half of the bat and got away with it
15.3
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, that's a tough line to play the cut shot, very close to the off stump, the length was short of length, but he had no room to play the shot, splices the shot to point
15.2
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, that's a nice testing full delivery with a hint of nibble back into the left-hander, Nicholls leans nicely forward to defend this towards cover
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, Pandya bowls back of a length to get it right, Nicholls defends off the back foot
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, wide, Nicholls is jumping to play this steepler, again great carry for Pandya. The batsman wanted to upper-cut, but missed the ball, arms stretched again by the ump
15.1
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, wide, look at the bounce on this one, short delivery angling across off stump, Nicholls lets it pass, the ump doesn't like the height on that one
14.6
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, oh that almost troubled Nicholls there. Much fuller, should have been played on the front foot, Nicholls picks up the length late, manages to bring the bat down and play to deep mid-wicket off the inside half of the bat
14.5
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, no run, Nicholls doesn't want to come forward even when the ball is full, punches to short mid-wicket
14.4
Jadeja to Williamson, 1 run, nice and full from Jadeja, Williamson lets the ball come and neatly drives to long-off
14.3
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, oh dangerously exposes the sticks as he goes down to sweep, manages to make contact and send it to short fine leg
14.2
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, no run, stays deep in the crease and flicks with the spin to square leg, but the fielder cuts it off
14.1
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Nicholls defends into the on-side
13.6
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, FOUR, angling in from a back of a length, Williamson gets low and carves it away towards square third man - Chahal runs in from a finer position and tries to cut it off, but he's messed it up! A terrible misfield by Chahal. Allows it to go past him into the fence...
13.5
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery in the channel outside off, tapped late on the head and straight to the man at gully - specifically placed for that peculiar shot
13.4
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, short delivery on the body, and that's a well-controlled pull towards fine leg for a single - keeps it down
13.3
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, short of length and angling across, steered away late towards third man for a couple. Great running...
13.2
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, short ball at the head, as Henry Nicholls shuffles across, 136km/h of oomph, and Nicholls misses with the hook - through to the wicketkeeper as it sails over the batsman
13.1
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 1 run, fuller length delivery outside off, inviting the drive, Williamson obliges and drives it away firmly towards sweeper cover for a single
12.6
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, flat on the pads, nudged away towards square leg for a single - a throw at the non-striker's end, and that's unusually lousy from India. No one backing up, an overthrow conceded and the ball races away to extra cover
12.5
Jadeja to Williamson, 1 run, width on offer, poor delivery, and that's slapped away off a crouched stance towards sweeper cover for a single
12.4
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, straightens from middle, a full length, and that's an inside out drive to mid-off
12.3
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, full delivery on the pads, clipped away to deep mid-wicket for a single
12.2
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, on the stumps, Henry Nicholls gets across and laps it away towards fine leg for a couple
12.1
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, no run, pitching on middle, straighteing from round the wicket, Henry Nicholls misses with the defence, and struck on the pads. Stifled appeal...
11.6
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, angling in from a short of length, Williamson tries to turn it into the on-side, but it slows up - hence the leading edge towards mid-off
11.5
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery marginally outside off, seaming away off the threading, as Williamson shoulders arms watchfully
11.4
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, FOUR, not particularly short, doesn't rise that much, outside the off-stump too, but the front-on stance allows him to force a pull through the cow corner area for four. Not the best timing on it, but it'll reach the boundary.
11.3
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, skids through outside off, in the channel outside off, and a firm checked drive towards mid-off
11.2
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery angling in towards off, Williamson has a beautiful trigger across and taps it late into the wicket
11.1
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, no run, beaten on the outside edge! Banged in on a back of a length inside the channel, trapped on the backfoot, and whizzing past the outside edge. KW looks up in agony!
10.6
Jadeja to Williamson, 1 run, dropped short, Williamson slaps it away in front of square on the off-side for a single
10.5
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, another step across to a ball outside off, swept away to backward square leg for a single
10.4
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, fired in outside off, a step across, a sweep, bat -> boot, and to fine leg fence for four
10.3
Jadeja to Henry Nicholls, no run, skids through, Henry Nicholls tries to flick across the line, misses! Massive appeal, and that could have hit leg-stump! India have already lost their review though!
10.2
Jadeja to Williamson, 1 run, a tad fuller, a bit wider, and that's a caressed drive towards sweeper cover for a single
10.1
Jadeja to Williamson, no run, flat one on a nice length, middle-stump, Williamson lunges forward in defence
9.6
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, bangs it in shorter, Henry Nicholls tries to tuck it away off a hop, and takes a blow on the gut
9.5
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, fuller length delivery on off-stump, Henry Nicholls gets forward and defends it solidly towards the bowler
9.5
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, wide, angled down the leg-side, Henry Nicholls tries a swatted pick-up over the on-side, misses
9.4
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, skids through from a good length, Henry Nicholls taps it late on the head towards cover, starts to run - but nope
9.3
Hardik Pandya to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery on middle and off and angling away, Henry Nicholls gets half-forward and blocks it down the wicket
9.2
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, leg byes, 1 run, on a back of a length, strays on the pads, Williamson tickles it away towards fine leg after a shuffle across for a leg-bye
9.1
Hardik Pandya to Williamson, 2 runs, a loosener on the hips, tucked away off the backfoot towards backward square leg for a couple - a tight second, and a decent throw. Dhoni hasn't managed the typical flick back onto the stumps, but the batsman was well in...
8.6
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, 1 run, half-volley served up outside off, a firm drive trying to split cover and mid-off, but Hardik Pandya is quick to move across and pick it up - throws at the non-striker's end as they attempt a single, but hits KW on the elbow I think. He might come across as a pre-adolescent who never grew up, but he's a tough man!
8.5
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off-stump again, and that's a defensive tap into the off-side
8.4
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, a little too straight, a shuffle across, and a nudge into the on-side
8.3
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, good length delivery in the zone, Williamson gets forward and stonewalls compactly into the off-side
8.2
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, FOUR, nothing wrong with that length, no movement on offer, and Williamson just allows it to come on, presents the full face, and times the pants off the on-drive to the long-on fence for four
8.1
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, still swinging! Snakes back in from the hand, jags in off a back of a length, Williamson almost gets across but ends up playing it (a little too) late into the wicket
7.6
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, a big stride forward to a beautiful length, and he's taken the bait, only to nail the timing and the placement on a stunning extra cover drive for four!
7.5
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, oh that is a viper! Absolutely spits off the surface from round the wicket, a short of length, jags away, the seam stabilizes into an outswinger orientation, and it swerves past the hapless batsman's outside edge, beating him by miles, and into Ms Dhoni's gloves!
7.4
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, on a back of a length and angling away, a shuffle across to get inside the line and a tuck to mid-wicket for a couple
7.3
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, leaps off a back of a length, spits at the batsman! Past the inside edge, thanks to the straightening ball, and lobs towards the wide slip - who dives forward but only takes it on the bounce. Mihgt have been bat on there, but the slip had no chance. Kohli at that position!
7.2
Bumrah to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length delivery angling towards the 4th stump, Williamson allows it to come on, and taps it late on the head to glide it down towards third man for a single
7.1
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, short on the body, 138km/h, but with the steep bounce at the fulcrum of the lever, Henry Nicholls gets no power off the sticker - lobs up, but too far to the left of square leg who chases after it. NO chance of a catch, but it was in the air for a bit...
6.6
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, a hint of early swing in, before it just continues with the angle, Williamson gets a big stride forward and taps it on the head towards cover point - off the inside half onto the pads, and it trundles into the off-side
6.5
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, right in the channel, back of a length, Williamson gets across towards off again and watches it through - without drawing his scimitar. No temptations.
6.4
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, another in-angling short of length delivery, a punch-slice to the left of backward point - and it's that man, Jadeja again, who throws himself at it and saves a few more runs
6.3
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery skidding through a little low, Williamson gets forward and defends it compactly
6.2
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, 2 runs, again, no width on offer despite the tight line, punches it off the backfoot between backward point and cover point for a couple. A good stop but a misfield by Jadeja in the deep to allow a second
6.1
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, no run, short of length delivery without a lot of width, a delightful punch off the backfoot but he's picked the wrong fielder - Jadeja pounces on it and cuts it off
5.6
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, angling across again, not a lot of bounce but good pace @141km/h, Henry Nicholls gets forward and taps it on the head towards cover
5.5
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, pitching on a back of a length on leg and angling away towards off, a half-step forward and a late block by Henry Nicholls
5.4
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, banged in once again, hurries onto Henry Nicholls, perceived speed is a lot more than the recorded 141km/h, and he defends hastily off the backfoot
5.3
Bumrah to Williamson, 1 run, angling into the pads, stops on the wicket a little, Williamson plays a delayed pat to mid-wicket for a quick single
5.2
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, seaming back in from a back of a length, Williamson gets his frontfoot across and watchfully leaves it alone
5.1
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery angling in, steep bounce, and that's tapped off a hop towards cover point
4.6
Bhuvneshwar to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, an early trigger across this time, Bhuvneshwar pitches it on a back of a length on middle, tucked away off the backfoot towards backward square leg for a brace
4.5
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, 1 run, pitches it full and gets it to swerve in outside off, an angled-batted steer to third man for a single
4.4
Bhuvneshwar to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, skidding through, Henry Nicholls gets forward and taps it to cover - and they're scurrying across for a risky single! The bowler is intercepted by the non-striker and he almost collides with the short cover fielder
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Henry Nicholls, no run, short of length delivery on the middle-stump, Henry Nicholls is falling across and taps it off a tall stance into the on-side - screams "NOOOO!"
4.2
Bhuvneshwar to Henry Nicholls, no run, banged into a back of a length @135km/h, Henry Nicholls shuffles across and defends hurriedly off the backfoot into the on-side
4.1
Bhuvneshwar to Williamson, 1 run, strays on the pads for the first time, clipped away with ease to backward square leg for a single
3.6
Bumrah to Williamson, 1 run, good length delivery just outside off, Williamson gets a good stride in and angles the bat face to steer it to Kl Rahul at point who picks it up quickly, but can't prevent the single
3.5
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, a hint of width outside off, chopped off the backfoot but fails to find the gap - straight to backward point
3.4
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, on a back of a length, straightens a little, Williamson is crouching, and he has an iffy poke - beaten off the first ball!
3.3
Bumrah to Guptill, out Caught by Kohli! Bull's eye Bumrah! Absolutely hammers it into the corridor of uncertainty @138km/h, hurries the batsman - no time to think - and he is coaxed into having a poke whilst on the backfoot. A massive edge towards the cordon, and Kohli pounces to his left, every emotion reflecting in his eyes as the anticipation for an early breakthrough heightens, and relief when he collects it before landing on the turf. Massive breakthrough for India, as the highest run-getter of the previous World Cup has another miserabe outing. wkt (1-1) min (15m). Guptill c Kohli b Bumrah 1(14)
3.2
Bumrah to Guptill, no run, further towards the batsman's half heading towards the off-stump line @143km/h to make him play - Guptill gets across and blocks it into the off-side whilst on the backfoot
3.1
Bumrah to Guptill, no run, banged in, short of length, steep bounce - all of that @141km/h and a hint of unpredictable seam movement in. Guptill shuffles across and takes the safer route - shouldering arms
2.6
Bhuvneshwar to Henry Nicholls, no run, good length delivery angling away, Henry Nicholls gets his forward press going and taps it late on the head into the off-side
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, 1 run, short of length delivery angling in towards middle, nudged off a hop to square leg, and that's Run #1 for the Kiwis - off the 17th ball! Nerves. Those jangling nerves.
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, on the pads, nudged away towards short midwicket
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, pitches it on a good length, angling in towards middle, Guptill checks a drive straight down the ground, but Bhuvi gets a hand on it on his followthrough. Another dot
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, gets it much fuller again, a slower one @119km/h, Guptill gets his foot forward and delays the checked punch to cover
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, fuller length delivery angling in towards off, Guptill uses his reach, gets a massive stride in, and deadbats is compactly into the off-side
1.6
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, cramps him for room, banged in and heading right for the gut, Henry Nicholls hastily blocks it off the backfoot and back to Bumrah
1.5
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery on off, Henry Nicholls is hurried into a punch towards cover off the backfoot
1.4
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery on off, Henry Nicholls gets half-forward and taps it on the head into the off-side
1.3
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, Henry Nicholls walks at it and pushes it towards cover
1.2
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, banged in on a back of a length angling across, Henry Nicholls gets across and is beaten on the backfoot defence. Ends up playing inside the line - doesn't chase it
1.1
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, and that's left alone by Nicholls
0.6
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, fuller length delivery angling in towards middle, Guptill gets across and defends - off the inside edge towards midwicket
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, back of a length and on a probing length outside off, Guptill goes poking away outside off, and the ball seams away, beating the outside edge
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, seams back in from a back of a length, struck on the pads as Guptill misses the defence, and a stifled appeal - perhaps too high
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, fuller length delivery swinging away outside off, punched to mid-off
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, defended off the frontfoot
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, good length delivery on middle, and a hasty defence off the frontfoot. Struck on the pads first ball! Review time! Given not out! India review. Pitches on a back of a length and skids on, straightens a little, skids - umpire's call for impact, and missing leg-stump. India lose their review, first ball!
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Karthik,Yuzvendra Chahal,Jadeja,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson,Henry Nicholls
