49.6
Stokes to Carey, FOUR, finishes nicely, backing away to slap this slower ball through the covers. Root was quite square
49.5
Stokes to Carey, 2 runs, again in the slot, but it's the kind of length that Carey can't get under. Dragged off the inside half through midwicket. Back for two
49.4
Stokes to Carey, FOUR, front leg out of the way, smashed over extra cover. Stokes offered it right in the slot and was punished. Threw his head back immediately, knew he had missed his length
49.3
Stokes to Carey, no run, Carey advances too soon and is presented with a slower bouncer which loops over his attempted pull. Given as one bouncer for the over
49.2
Stokes to Starc, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, guided through the covers
49.1
Stokes to Starc, no run, length ball on leg stump, Starc looks to flick but gets a thick inside edge back onto pad. Carey had to dive back into the crease at the non-striker's end with the ball dribbling back to Stokes
48.6
Jofra Archer to Carey, FOUR, gets under this short ball and ramps it fine for four. Nice little cameo this from Carey to avoid a complete shutdown at the end for Australia
48.5
Jofra Archer to Starc, 1 run, back-to-back yorkers, nothing much Starc can do other than dig it out in front of cover
48.4
Jofra Archer to Carey, 1 run, quick yorker at the stumps, squeezed through to long-off
48.3
Jofra Archer to Carey, no run, ducks underneath this short ball. Signalled one for the over
48.2
Jofra Archer to Carey, no run, again in the slot, but he gets away with it this time. Jammed back off the inside half down the pitch
48.1
Jofra Archer to Carey, FOUR, dishes out a proper half-volley outside off, which is decidedly hammered through extra cover by Carey. Waited on the slower ball and creamed it
48.1
Jofra Archer to Carey, wide, low full toss well wide outside off, outside the guidelines
47.6
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, slower ball around the waist, whipped out to deep backward square
47.5
Woakes to Starc, 1 run, clips this off cutter through square leg, gets Carey back on strike for the final ball
47.4
Woakes to Starc, no run, back of a length delivery angling away, Starc swings and misses
47.3
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, direct-hit would've sent Starc on his way! Back of a length, followed Carey down leg and cramped him up. Rolls beside the pitch off a thick inside edge, and they go for the single. Woakes got there first, released the ball quickly but missed from five yards. Worryingly for Australia, Starc was clutching the back of his calf after completing the run
47.2
Woakes to Starc, 1 run, slower short ball cutting across off, Starc waits and guides it to third man
47.1
Woakes to Pat Cummins, out Caught by Buttler!! Another wicket. Some turnaround this. Length ball just outside off, has Cummins driving and then has him edging through to a diving Buttler. Just about carried. Remarkable comeback from England wkt (7-259) min (8m). Pat Cummins c Buttler b Woakes 1(4)
46.6
Mark Wood to Pat Cummins, 1 run, wider on the crease goes Wood, angles the short ball into the chest. Cummins helps it down to fine leg
46.5
Mark Wood to Pat Cummins, no run, full and fast just outside off, 148kph, pure pace from Wood to beat Cummins whose feet didn't go anywhere
46.4
Mark Wood to Pat Cummins, no run, short of length delivery just outside off, beats Cummins's attempted upper-cut
46.3
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, full toss outside off, not much power from Carey who has to reach out for it. Steers it through to deep point
46.2
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, can't get it through backward point this time. Short of length outside off, cuts it to the fielder
46.1
Mark Wood to Carey, FOUR, 130kph, width outside off from Wood and Carey latches onto it. Already had stepped to the leg-side, so aggravated the bowler's error and slapped it through backward point
45.6
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, pulls this off the waist to long leg
45.5
Woakes to Carey, 2 runs, full ball just outside off, squirted off a thick edge from Carey. It goes to the left of third man for two
45.4
Woakes to Smith, out Caught by Jofra Archer!! Head down from Smith as soon as he hit it. And then swings his bat in frustration once the catch is taken. With all the gestures and the motioning of the wrists, he's left little to the imagination about what he was trying to do. Wanted to whip this length delivery over midwicket. But ended up hitting it much straighter, right in front of Archer at long-on who runs forward for a safe catch. England continue to plough their way back in this contest wkt (6-250) min (64m). Smith c Jofra Archer b Woakes 38(34) [4s-5]
45.3
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, back of a length across off, punches it through point
45.2
Woakes to Smith, leg byes, 1 run, Smith irritated with himself at not getting bat on this. Shuffled across to an off-cutter looking to work it fine, but wore it on the thigh pad instead
45.1
Woakes to Smith, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, flayed to backward point
44.6
Mark Wood to Carey, 2 runs, pitched up on off, driven to long-off by Carey who knows he's not timed it properly, as does Smith. And they're quick to capitalise on the second run
44.5
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, glided down to third man
44.4
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, Wood tumbles over after delivering this short ball which is pulled down to third man. Got it pretty high on the bat, having been rushed for pace
44.3
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, another off-pace delivery from Wood, gets worked through square leg
44.2
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, back of a length on middle, slower one, punched through the covers
44.1
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, overpitched around off, Carey clears the front leg for a big flourish on the drive but mistimes to cover
43.6
Woakes to Smith, FOUR, short of length around waist height, and it's been thumped through midwicket by Smith. Touch of disdain as he fetched it from outside off and shovelled it through midwicket
43.5
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, short of length, an off-cutter from Woakes at 115kph, comes off a soft leading edge with Carey looking to work it through the on-side. Was deceived by the lack of pace and got it in front of cover instead
43.4
Woakes to Smith, 1 run, pitched up around off, driven firmly to mid-off
43.3
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, back of a length delivery cutting across middle, soft leading edge from Carey through cover
43.2
Woakes to Smith, 1 run, nudged into the on-side for a single
43.1
Woakes to Carey, 1 run, short of length delivery across off, steered in front of point
42.6
Mark Wood to Smith, 2 runs, short of length on leg stump, shuffles inside the line to glance but he's beaten for pace. Deflects off the thigh pad behind square. Probably got an inside edge too
42.5
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, quality fast bowling. Sharp bouncer at 147kph, Smith rushes underneath to evade
42.4
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, movement off the seam, even at this stage! 148kph from Wood, extracts life from the pitch and nips it away from short of length. Smith beaten on the back foot punch
42.3
Mark Wood to Carey, 1 run, short of length at the body, fended awkwardly into the square leg region
42.2
Mark Wood to Carey, no run, short of length delivery slanted away from off, nice lift on the delivery from Wood. Carey carefully withdraws his gloves close to the body
42.1
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, shuffles across and clips this through the midwicket region
42.1
Mark Wood to Smith, wide, back of a length delivery down leg, nothing on the way through from Smith
41.6
Adil Rashid to Carey, no run, pushed to cover
41.5
Adil Rashid to Smith, out Stoinis Run Out!! 1 run completed. Stoinis keeps running, and he joins Smith at the non-striker's end who wasn't interested in the second run. Easy run-out. This was a flighted leg-break outside off, driven wide of long-off by Smith. Bairstow was quick to cut down the angle which fuelled Smith's lack of interest. But Stoinis was busy ball-watching to notice his partner turn back. Even with the throw at the wrong end, Rashid is under no pressure with the batsmen having given up. Throws it back to Buttler who does the rest wkt (5-228) min (17m). Stoinis run out (Rashid/Buttler) 8(15) [4s-1]
41.4
Adil Rashid to Smith, FOUR, that's a proper long-hop. Smith has ample time on the back foot to pick the gap and then power the pull through there
41.3
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run, played a lot more firmly down the pitch by Stoinis, punching it past Rashid's dive down to long-on
41.2
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, no run, played back down the pitch, Rashid dives to his right to stop the single
41.1
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, no run, well flighted googly outside off, dragged off a thick inside edge to midwicket by Stoinis. Wanted to flat-bat the drive through extra cover, but it dipped on him
40.6
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, bouncer outside off at 146kph, Smith lets it go by after initially looking for a pull
40.5
Mark Wood to Stoinis, 1 run, squared up in defence, an outside edge flies through the vacant gully region! Back of a length, straightens just a touch to invoke the error
40.4
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, shuffles across and whips this from off stump through square leg
40.3
Mark Wood to Stoinis, 1 run, back of a length delivery around off, carved down to third man
40.2
Mark Wood to Stoinis, FOUR, excellent timing on it from Stoinis, moving nicely into this drive. He placed it right in the gap, beating two diving fielders, one inside the ring and the other in the deep. 151kph, full ball just outside off, cracked away through the covers
40.1
Mark Wood to Stoinis, no run, short of length delivery around off, Stoinis is behind the line of it as he defends to point
39.6
Adil Rashid to Smith, no run, wrong 'un that turns back in, Smith picked it but could not connect with his nudge, the ball strikes him on the thigh pad
39.5
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, 1 run, 63kph toss up outside off, Stoinis went a bit hard on the drive and mistimed it to long-off
39.4
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, no run, nice loop and drift on the leg-break, blocked off the front foot
39.3
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, no run, slightly dragged back length, Stoinis drops it into the off-side and Smith is sent back on the single
39.2
Adil Rashid to Stoinis, no run, tossed up on off, Stoinis presses forward and defends it back
39.1
Adil Rashid to Smith, 1 run, flighted and dipping on leg-stump, Smith eases it down to long-on
38.6
Mark Wood to Stoinis, no run, 147kph bouncer to end the over. Stoinis arches back and sways away from the line of the delivery. The crowd liked it and there is a loud cheer once the ball thuds into Buttler's mitts
38.5
Mark Wood to Stoinis, no run, 152kph. He is cranking it up. Back of a length and the ball holds its line after pitching, Stoinis prods forward to play for the angle but is beaten neck and crop on the outside edge
38.4
Mark Wood to Stoinis, no run, 147kph good length ball that hits the bat hard and rolls away to backward point
38.3
Mark Wood to Stoinis, no run, back of a length outside off, Stoinis lifts his bat and lets it go
38.2
Mark Wood to Maxwell, out Caught by Buttler!! Gone! That has been Maxi's story right through the tournament. Starts off in a blaze and then throws it away. Wood gets a wicket and he's delighted. England slowly clawing their way back into the game. Short of length delivery outside off, Maxwell wanted to ramp it fine but instead feathers an edge to Buttler. He needs to rein himself in and bat deep because with his shot range, he can be Australia's Buttler wkt (4-213) min (14m). Maxwell c Buttler b Mark Wood 12(8) [4s-1 6s-1]
38.1
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, 150kph good length delivery outside off, angled away to third man and Smith wanted two, but Maxwell sends him back
37.6
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, leg-cutter around off-stump, Smith nudges it in front of deep square leg
37.5
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, sharp bumper clocked at 142kph, Smith shuffles across and sways away from the line
37.4
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Maxwell goes hard and squirts a thick inside edge to the vacant mid-wicket pocket
37.3
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, FOUR, and again.. This time it does not go the distance. But Australia will take the boundary. Picked the back of a length delivery from outside off and heaved it to deep mid-wicket, just landed in front of the rope
37.2
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, SIX, geez! That is some shot. Archer is bowling with plenty of heat in this spell, but Maxwell doesn't care. Transfers his weight back and launches the 143kph delivery into the crowd near deep mid-wicket
37.1
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, no run, back of a length outside off, Maxwell is right behind the line to defend
36.6
Mark Wood to Smith, FOUR, consecutive boundaries. Wood is not having a good day. Short of a length outside off, Smith uses the pace on the ball and steers it to third man, he got it fine enough to beat the fielder
36.5
Mark Wood to Smith, FOUR, overpitched and Smith is not going to let it go unpunished. The off-cutter right in the slot, Smith drives it past his partner and the fielder at mid-on, the timing is just too good for Archer to hunt down
36.4
Mark Wood to Maxwell, 1 run, short and hurrying onto Maxwell, he mistimes the pull to deep mid-wicket
36.3
Mark Wood to Maxwell, no run, fuller and outside off, Maxwell push-drives it on the rise to mid-off
36.2
Mark Wood to Smith, 1 run, angled in on off and middle, clipped away backward of square leg, for a single
36.1
Mark Wood to Smith, no run, back of a length outside off, Smith gets on top of the bounce and taps it to backward point
35.6
Jofra Archer to Maxwell, no run, woah! A 143kph short of length delivery and Maxwell is caught by surprise, he takes his eyes off the ball and leaves his bat hanging up, the ball hits the splice and lands in front of backward point. That could have so easily gone to hand
35.5
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, slower delivery but the line remains the same, nurdled to fine leg
35.4
Jofra Archer to Smith, FOUR, releases the pressure by bowling a ball on Smith's pads, he gets inside the line and tickles it fine. The pace of Archer takes care of beating Woakes in the deep
35.3
Jofra Archer to Finch, out Caught by Woakes!! Hundred and out! England would take that. They needed to remove Finch and Archer has done it just after the milestone is reached. A well-directed short delivery and Finch takes it on, the ball climbs up more than he expected and catches the top-edge, flies down to fine leg and Woakes makes no mistake this time. Finch knew he had erred as he put his head down and started walking as soon as the ball went up. Australia would have really wanted him to bat a bit longer wkt (3-185) min (144m). Finch c Woakes b Jofra Archer 100(116) [4s-11 6s-2]
35.2
Jofra Archer to Finch, 2 runs, hundred for Finch. Sport is such a leveller. Just at the start of the year Finch was struggling to buy a run and here he racking up his second ton in this World Cup. The turnaround has been truly remarkable as it has not only give him the confidence but also helped Australia gun down oppositions. He celebrates it by removing his helmet and raising his arms. Smith embraces him in a hug. Coming to the ball - Angled into the pad and Finch tucks it to fine leg, where Woakes runs and loses his footing, that allows the pair to steal a second and the Australia skipper to reach his landmark
35.1
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, oh! Finch almost sold Smith down the river. Pushed the full delivery to mid-on and started to run, but then aborted by which time Smith was almost halfway down the wicket, Stokes charges in and under arms the throw over the stumps. Smith is left sprawling into the crease
34.6
Stokes to Smith, 2 runs, fuller and outside off, Smith opens the bat face to drive it behind point, easy two
34.5
Stokes to Finch, 1 run, on a length outside off, Finch eases it away to sweeper cover
34.4
Stokes to Smith, 1 run, slower short of length delivery, Smith waits before playing the pull to fine leg
34.3
Stokes to Smith, no run, once more picks a good length delivery from outside off and turns it to mid-wicket
34.2
Stokes to Smith, no run, bit of yes-no but no harm done. Angled in and Smith misses the flick, struck on the thigh pad and the ball drops into the off-side, Finch called for a turn before sending Smith back in time
34.1
Stokes to Finch, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Finch rides the bounce and punches it square on the off-side
33.6
Jofra Archer to Finch, 1 run, short and plenty of room outside off, Finch cracks it to sweeper cover
33.5
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, 120kph leg-cutter around off-stump, Finch stays in the crease and bunts it to backward point
33.4
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, back of a length close to off, Finch inside halves the back foot knock down the wicket
33.3
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, fuller and around off, Finch flicks a bit uppishly but well short of mid-wicket
33.2
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, beaten! This surface still has something in it. Archer is able to beat a batsman batting on 90+. The leg-cutter on a length and the ball deviates enough to defeat the outside edge
33.1
Jofra Archer to Finch, 2 runs, spears it full and close to blockhole outside off, squeezed away behind point and Finch races back for the second
32.6
Stokes to Smith, no run, good length ball outside off, Smith fetches it from there and flicks it to mid-wicket
32.5
Stokes to Finch, 1 run, short and at the body, Finch is on one-leg to play the pull, rolls his wrists and keeps it along the ground to fine leg
32.4
Stokes to Smith, 1 run, fuller than a good length and Smith is away, nice stride forward and drives it to sweeper cover
32.3
Stokes to Smith, no run, short of length outside off, Smith shuffles and angles it to backward point
32.2
Stokes to Khawaja, out Bowled!! Cleaned up! Right through Khawaja. Stokes is pumped and we know a pumped Stokes can single-handedly turn the game around. Can he? Celebrates the wicket with a double fist pump and a loud "Come on". Full, straight and a wee bit of tail into the left hander, Khawaja plays all round it as he looks to flick it into the leg-side and is beaten on the inside edge. He was defeated by the pace and the movement wkt (2-173) min (32m). Khawaja b Stokes 23(29) [4s-1]
32.1
Stokes to Khawaja, no run, back of a length close to off, Khawaja wanted to steer it to third man but got it finer and close to Buttler
31.6
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, fraction short and outside off, Finch chops the cut to backward point
31.5
Adil Rashid to Finch, FOUR, floated up teasingly outside off, Finch does not need a second invitation, especially when he's well set, leans into the drive and creams it through the extra cover region. No one sweeping in the deep
31.4
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, slightly shortens the length and Finch knocks it from the crease to cover
31.3
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, tossed up around off, Finch pushes it gently to cover
31.2
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 1 run, flighted on leg-stump, swept away to long leg where Woakes does well to keep it to a single
31.1
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 2 runs, he's not got his googly right for the left hander, down leg and it is a full toss, Khawaja helps it along the way with a paddle and scampers back for the second
30.6
Stokes to Finch, no run, 138kph bouncer that hurries onto Finch, who takes it on and tries the hook, the ball keeps climbing and beats the top-edge
30.5
Stokes to Finch, no run, change of pace, Finch spotted it late but did well to bring his bat down and push to to mid-off
30.4
Stokes to Khawaja, 1 run, on a length around off, Khawaja waits and dabs it down to third man
30.3
Stokes to Finch, 1 run, short of length on hips, Finch gets inside the line and glances it to fine leg
30.2
Stokes to Finch, 2 runs, brilliant bit of work from Archer. Fuller and outside off, Finch drives with his weight on the back foot, the ball was racing to the short square boundary before Archer dived full length to flick the ball in play, saved two
30.1
Stokes to Finch, no run, another miscue that Finch gets away with it. Back of a length delivery and he goes for the short-arm jab, the ball strikes him high on the bat and lands just in front of Moeen at mid-wicket
29.6
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 2 runs, errs in line does Rashid - down leg, swept hard to fine leg for another brace
29.5
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, Khawaja dances down the track, doesn't get to the pitch and wrists it into the leg-side. Stokes makes a diving save at mid-wicket
29.4
Adil Rashid to Finch, 1 run, shortish leg-break, bunted to long-on
29.3
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, wrong 'un at 77kph, Finch is beaten on the inside edge as he looks to glance
29.2
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 1 run, tossed up delivery, slightly too full and it's leg-lined, flicked away to deep backward square leg
29.1
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, googly outside off, Khawaja goes for the reverse sweep, fails to make contact
28.6
Stokes to Finch, no run, on a good length and around off, Finch walks forward and guides it towards point
28.5
Stokes to Finch, no run, a peach! The ball's still nipping around. A short of length delivery at 137kph that pitches around off and nibbles away to beat the outside edge of Finch
28.4
Stokes to Finch, no run, 133kph, shortish ball, Finch rides the bounce and dabs it to backward point
28.3
Stokes to Finch, 2 runs, 138kph, rib-high back of a length delivery, tucked through backward square leg and Finch hurries back for the second
28.2
Stokes to Khawaja, 1 run, 138kph, shortish ball outside off, Khawaja fetches it from there and miscues the pull to the left of mid-on
28.1
Stokes to Khawaja, no run, 133kph, back of a length delivery around off, Khawaja hangs back and taps it to backward point
27.6
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 1 run, 79kph, shortish and down leg, Khawaja walks towards off and plays a vertical-batted sweep to fine leg
27.5
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, 79kph, nicely tossed up delivery, Khawaja gets to the pitch and drives it straight back at Rashid
27.4
Adil Rashid to Finch, 1 run, knocked to long-on off the front foot
27.3
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 1 run, skips down the track and wrists the drive to long-on
27.2
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, FOUR, first boundary for Khawaja. Flatter in trajectory, Khawaja employs the reverse sweep to good effect. Hit it fiercely and placed it superbly through backward point
27.1
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, a stumping miss! Rashid bamboozled Khawaja with a googly. The batsman was lured into the push off the front foot and the back leg dragged out of his crease. Buttler failed to collect the ball cleanly
26.6
Moeen Ali to Finch, FOUR, thick outside edge and Finch will collect his tenth four of the innings. Moeen Ali gave a bit of flight and got it to drift away. Finch pushed with hard hands and got a fat edge
26.5
Moeen Ali to Khawaja, 1 run, to mid-wicket,
26.5
Moeen Ali to Khawaja, 1 run, 92kph, mot much turn and Khawaja whips it away through mid-wicket
26.4
Moeen Ali to Khawaja, no run, hangs back in his crease to block
26.3
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, patted to point off the back foot and there's another misfield. Archer, the culprit on this occaion
26.2
Moeen Ali to Finch, no run, 91kph, flat ball around off, defended from the crease
26.1
Moeen Ali to Khawaja, 1 run, short of length ball, punched to long-off
25.6
Adil Rashid to Finch, 2 runs, low full toss, drilled wide of long-off and a slight fumble by Root allows Finch to come back for the second
25.5
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, 81kph, non-turner on middle, Finch is cramped for room and he could only punch it back to Adil Rashid
25.4
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, googly, defended towards mid-wicket off the inner edge
25.3
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 1 run, walks across towards off and paddles it to fine leg
25.2
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, comes down the track and yorks himslef in the process. Dug out off the toe end
25.1
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, turns in viciously and Khawaja inside-edges the push onto his pad
24.6
Moeen Ali to Finch, SIX, Finch breaks the shackles with a six. Another flat-and-quick ball. Finch comes forward to get under it and muscles it over long-on. Woakes might have though he had a chance there, but the ball sailed well over his leg
24.5
Moeen Ali to Finch, no run, another dart, kept out on the leg-side
24.4
Moeen Ali to Finch, no run, quicker ball at 97kph, Finch half-sweeps it to the right of short fine leg. Root dives across and saves four runs for his team
24.3
Moeen Ali to Khawaja, 1 run, 91kph, in-angler on middle, pushed wide of cover
24.2
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, darted in on off, Finch is back and across to work it to deep square leg
24.1
Moeen Ali to Khawaja, 1 run, flat and fullish on the stumps, Khawaja taps it towards point by opening his bat-face
23.6
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 1 run, Khawaja is half-forward to push and gets deceived by the away-drift. The ball trims the outside edge and rolls towards short third man
23.5
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, 2 runs, tossed up ball, pitched outside leg, Khawaja gets down on a knee and sweeps it to fine leg
23.4
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, a wristy push to the left of the bowler and Rashid makes a diving stop in his followthrough
23.3
Adil Rashid to Khawaja, no run, 82kph, leg-break, Khawaja allows the ball to turn and keeps it out with a block
23.2
Adil Rashid to Finch, 1 run, Rashid drags his length back and Finch hurriedly pulls. Gets it off the inside part and the ball rolls away towards short fine leg. A quick single taken
23.1
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, googly around off, Finch blocks off the front foot
22.6
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, knocked down to long-on
22.5
Moeen Ali to Khawaja, 1 run, with a slip in place, Moeen Ali bowls an in-drifting fullish ball, eased to long-off
22.4
Moeen Ali to Warner, out Caught by Root!! Finally, England get the breakthrough! The offie from round the wicket, might have held onto the pitch a bit. Also, it bounced more than the batsman expected it to and hence Warner was taken aback. Warner checked his stroke and the ball popped up off the outside edge. Root, at backward point, moves a couple of steps to his left and gobbles it up ... the ball almost popped out of his hands. Thankfully for the hosts, England's Test captain held onto it wkt (1-123) min (95m). Warner c Root b Moeen Ali 53(61) [4s-6]
22.3
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, bunted to long-on
22.2
Moeen Ali to Finch, SIX, Finch is upping the ante. He is playing high risk shots now. Off-break on off and middle, Finch gets down on a knee and flogs it over deep mid-wicket. Didn't quite middle it as he dragged it off the bottom part of the bat, but that's the power of this man
22.1
Moeen Ali to Finch, 2 runs, 89kph, flat ball around off, Finch backs away and batters it through extra cover
21.6
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, pushed through quicker and wider outside off, Warner late-cuts off the back foot, finds the fielder at backward point
21.5
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, scythes a googly off the back foot, but hits it straight to the man at cover
21.4
Adil Rashid to Finch, 1 run, Finch gets low and inside-halves the heave to deep mid-wicket
21.3
Adil Rashid to Warner, 1 run, closes the bat-face and turns this floated delivery towards square leg. 500 runs in this World Cup for David Warner!
21.2
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, low full toss and Warner reverse-sweeps it straight to backward point. A premeditated shot from the southpaw
21.1
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, 79kph, flighted delivery, it was the googly, Warner comes forward and blocks it out
20.6
Moeen Ali to Finch, no run, Finch gets forward and pushes a flat ball to point. The skipper eyes a sharp single, gets rightly sent back by Warner
20.5
Moeen Ali to Warner, 1 run, moves leg-side, crouches low and guides with the spin to deep point
20.4
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, Finch goes back in his crease, allows the ball to do its bit and punches it in front of square on the off-side
20.3
Moeen Ali to Finch, no run, Moeen Ali drags his length back and Finch turns it towards mid-wicket
20.2
Moeen Ali to Finch, no run, tossed up delivery, full in length, drilled back to the bowler
20.1
Moeen Ali to Finch, no run, tucks an in-turner to mid-wicket
19.6
Adil Rashid to Finch, 1 run, goes back and nudges it to the on-side
19.5
Adil Rashid to Finch, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Finch pushed it back with a straight bat
19.4
Adil Rashid to Warner, 1 run, on the pads and Warner tucks it to the on-side
19.3
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, pushed it back to Adil Rashid
19.2
Adil Rashid to Finch, 1 run, on the stumps and Finch works it to the on-side
19.1
Adil Rashid to Warner, 1 run, Warner reaches fifty too. Bright smile on his face! The support staff which consists of Ponting and Langer are pleased on the balcony. He just pushed it down the ground to reach the landmark
18.6
Moeen Ali to Warner, 1 run, goes back, makes room and pushes it to the off-side
18.5
Moeen Ali to Warner, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Warner pushed it back to Moeen Ali
18.4
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, offie on the off-stump, Finch goes back and nudges it to the on-side
18.3
Moeen Ali to Warner, 1 run, punches it square of the wicket
18.2
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, knocks it down the ground for a single
18.1
Moeen Ali to Finch, 2 runs, in the air but well wide of deep mid-wicket. He will collect a brace and notch-up his 25th ODI fifty. He has led from the front in this World Cup and is among the top run-getters. Not his fluent innings but he will take it
17.6
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, defends it to the off-side
17.5
Adil Rashid to Warner, FOUR, third 100-run stand for Warner and Finch in this World Cup! They have been in magnificent form for Austalia. Adil Rashid overpitched, Warner manufactured room and smashes it wide of cover for a boundary
17.4
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, much better from Adil Rashid. It was on a fuller length and was on the stumps, Warner pushes it to the off-side
17.3
Adil Rashid to Warner, FOUR, too short from Adil Rashid. Warner rocks back, gets in a good position and pulls it wide of deep mid-wicket where Jonny ran to his left, puts in a full-length dive but fails to stop it
17.2
Adil Rashid to Warner, no run, leggie down the leg-side, Warner defends it to the on-side
17.1
Adil Rashid to Warner, 2 runs, Warner attacks the leggie immediately, he wanted to tonk it over mid-off. Miscues it but the shot is still good enough to clear mid-off. They will come back for a brace
16.6
Moeen Ali to Warner, 1 run, goes back, makes room and punches it to sweeper cover to retain strike
16.5
Moeen Ali to Finch, 1 run, stays in the crease and knocks it down to long-on
16.4
Moeen Ali to Warner, 3 runs, lot more flight on this delivery, Warner charges down and pushes it to mid-on. Morgan hurls the ball back to Buttler, he fails to collect it as it was just wide. And results in two extra runs
16.3
Moeen Ali to Warner, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Warner blocked it to the off-side
16.2
Moeen Ali to Warner, no run, on the stumps and Warner pushes it to the off-side
16.1
Moeen Ali to Warner, 2 runs, offie on the stumps, Warner stays put and slams it wide of sweeper cover for a brace
15.6
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Finch defends it solidly to mid-on
15.5
Mark Wood to Finch, FOUR, wow! He has absolutely smashed that! Holds his pose for a wee bit to admire the shot. It was in the slot and there was ample room, Finch plunges forward and flays into the drive. It beats mid-off and rockets to the fence
15.4
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, now, a yorker. Finch gets his bat down just in time to dig it back
15.3
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, he mistimed this lofted shot clearly but when it's going for you, it is going for you. The luck has clearly been on the side of Finch today and it ended up short of Moeen Ali at mid-off
15.2
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, very full and shaping back into Finch, he drives it with a straight bat
15.1
Mark Wood to Finch, FOUR, Finch has survived the tough phase and he is looking to up the ante. It was on a short of length and was angling back into Finch, he stays put and pulled it wide of fine leg for a boundary
14.6
Stokes to Finch, 1 run, again, decides to stay in the crease. It was marginally outside off and he pushed it wide of cover to retain the strike
14.5
Stokes to Finch, no run, on a good length and targeting the stumps, Finch stays put and blocks it back solidly
14.4
Stokes to Warner, 1 run, on a good length and angling away from Warner, he punches it to sweeper cover
14.3
Stokes to Finch, 1 run, Finch again jumps a touch to get behind it. This time he tucks it to the on-side
14.2
Stokes to Finch, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Finch hops in the crease to get in line and pushes it back
14.1
Stokes to Warner, 1 run, on a back of a length and a hint of extra bounce on that delivery. Warner adjusts well and carves it to deep cover for a single
13.6
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, fuller and around off, Finch plants his front foot forward to cover the movement and defends it back with a straight bat
13.5
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, very full and coming back into Finch, he flicked it to mid-wicket
13.5
Mark Wood to Finch, wide, down the leg-side, Finch failed to clip it away past the keeper. And umpire calls it wide
13.4
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Finch blocked it back
13.3
Mark Wood to Finch, FOUR, boundaries are coming thick and fast now. Ominous signs for England. It wasn't that short but Finch went after it via a pull shot, doesn't time it. Gets it off the bottom half of the bat but the placement was fine as it beats mid-on and mid-wicket and it races to the fence
13.2
Mark Wood to Warner, 3 runs, very full and wide of off, Warner uses his wrists to good effect and flicks it wide of mid-wicket. It won't reach the fence but Warner will come back for a three
13.1
Mark Wood to Warner, FOUR, in the air but over mid-on. Warner stayed back in the crease on that back of a length delivery and pulled it over Moeen. Not the best of connection but he gets enough bat behind it
12.6
Woakes to Finch, no run, beauty from Woakes! On a fuller length and just wide of off, Finch poked at it away from the body and it goes past his outside edge
12.5
Woakes to Finch, FOUR, it was full and Finch was quick to transfer his weight forward, he connects the straight drive well and finds the gap wide of mid-off
12.4
Woakes to Finch, no run, this one took off out of nowhere! This is a tricky pitch and both the openers have done really well to survive this period. It was pitched on a good length and it jumped off the deck, nipped back in too. The movement and the bounce outfoxed Finch and it went past the frailing inside half of the bat
12.3
Woakes to Finch, no run, another delivery on a fuller length, it was on the stumps. Finch comes forward and defends it back with a straight bat
12.2
Woakes to Finch, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Finch gets behind it and defends it back
12.2
Woakes to Finch, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
12.1
Woakes to Finch, FOUR, streaky but Finch will take it. He has been extremely lucky today. It was full and was on the stumps, Finch wanted to drive it wide of mid-off, he gets it off the inside half of the bat and it beats mid-on for a boundary
11.6
Mark Wood to Warner, no run, full and wide of off, Warner went after it hard but ends up putting no bat to it as it goes past his outside edge
11.5
Mark Wood to Finch, leg byes, 1 run, fifty comes up for Australia! Finch fails to get any bat on the tuck. It deflected off the pads to the on-side for a single
11.4
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, good delivery! It snaked back in viciously, Finch was late in getting his bat down but somehow managed to get an inside edge to it. They appealed for a lbw but umpire knew there is bat involved
11.3
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, on a length and coming back into Finch, he stays put in the crease, gets behind the line of the ball and pushes it to the off-side
11.2
Mark Wood to Finch, FOUR, gets the line wrong on this delivery. It was on the pads, Finch gets in a good position and glances it fine of fine leg for a boundary
11.1
Mark Wood to Finch, no run, straightaway, extra pace of Mark Wood hurries Finch. He was late on the clip, it bounced extra off the deck and hit Finch around the hip area. He looks in some discomfort but he is fine to go now
10.6
Woakes to Warner, no run, again, good shape back into Warner. He plays it late and plays it well. Just nudges it to the on-side and shouts a loud NO to avoid any confusion. Remember, Warner ran Finch out in the game against India so he is in no mood of taking any chances today
10.5
Woakes to Warner, no run, on a length and coming back into Warner, he stays put in the crease and pushes it to the off-side
10.4
Woakes to Finch, 1 run, it was full again and Finch went for a booming cover drive. It clipped the inside half of the bat and ended up wide of square leg for a single
10.3
Woakes to Finch, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Finch pushes it to the off-side
10.2
Woakes to Finch, no run, again, Finch walks into the shot. It nipped back in off the deck, missed the inside edge of Finch and rapped him on the pads. The impact was outside off, that saved Finch
10.1
Woakes to Finch, no run, fuller and shaping back into Finch, he almost walks into the shot to cover the movement and blocks it to the off-side
9.6
Jofra Archer to Finch, 1 run, late shape for Archer, pitched up and nipping away sharply, opened up Finch as he pushed forward and the edge rolled down towards third man
9.5
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Finch presses across and turns it to the on-side
9.4
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, Archer shortens his length and angles it back into the right-hander, beat Finch on the inside edge and struck him high on the pads
9.3
Jofra Archer to Warner, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Warner was pressing forward on the defensive push, squirts an inside edge past square leg for a single
9.2
Jofra Archer to Warner, FOUR, short, wide and four - poor ball from Archer and Warner doesn't miss out, gets on top of the bounce and crashes it square past point, no one moved
9.1
Jofra Archer to Warner, 2 runs, swatted, short and on Warner's body, he gets inside the line and helps it on its way, long chase for Rashid, coming across from long leg and he does well to keep them down to a couple
8.6
Woakes to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery and a hint of shape away from off, Finch was shuffling across on the clip, closed the bat-face early and the leading edge rolled back at the bowler
8.5
Woakes to Finch, no run, that's a good leave from Finch, short of a length and jagging back in sharply - Finch covered the off-stump and then let it go on height, sailed well over the top of middle
8.4
Woakes to Warner, 1 run, on a length and at the stumps, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
8.3
Woakes to Warner, no run, over the stumps, on a good length and a hint of shape back into the left-hander, Warner was half-forward on the defensive push, gets an inside edge that lobs over the top of middle, brushed his thigh-pad on its way and that perhaps saved Warner
8.2
Woakes to Warner, no run, Woakes shortens his length as Warner came running down the track - the left-hander adjusts and pushes it to the off-side
8.1
Woakes to Warner, no run, lovely delivery, on a good length and shaping away from outside off, has Warner sparring at it and is beaten on the outside edge. But once again, Woakes has been a fraction too short and hence he's unable to find Warner's edge
7.6
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, beaten, Archer shortened his length and got it to nip back in with the slope - a half-forward Finch can't counter it as he pushed forward, beaten on the inside edge and through to the keeper
7.5
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Finch leans forward and finds cover with the drive
7.4
Jofra Archer to Warner, 3 runs, too full and on Warner's pads, he prodded across on the flick, was in the air for a while, but in the gap wide of mid-wicket. A long chase for Woakes and Warner comes back for the third
7.3
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, short of a good length and just outside off, Warner drops it in front of cover, Finch was looking for a run and is sent back
7.2
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, half-an-appeal for LBW, but Archer knows it pitched outside leg, very full and shaping back into the left-hander, Warner was shuffling across on the flick and missed
7.1
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Warner leans forward and defends it back at the bowler
6.6
Woakes to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery at the stumps, Finch leans forward and finds mid-on with the drive
6.5
Woakes to Warner, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Warner pushes it wide of cover and calls his partner through for a quick single
6.4
Woakes to Warner, no run, loud shout for a caught behind, but England will not review. Great call from umpire Gaffaney - a ripping delivery from Woakes, seamed back in from a length and cut Warner in half, was forward on the defensive push, gets beaten on the inside edge and flicks his thigh-pad on the way to the keeper
6.3
Woakes to Warner, FOUR, beautifully played, too full from Woakes, Warner leans forward and lifts it over mid-off, couple of bounces and over the ropes
6.2
Woakes to Finch, 1 run, full and shaping back into the right-hander, Finch was half-forward on the drive and squirts an inside edge wide of mid-on
6.1
Woakes to Finch, no run, loud shout for LBW and England will review. Will the height save Finch? It's a fair delivery, think there's no edge on that and UltraEdge confirms it. Struck just above the knee-roll and Finch was on his toes. Think it's going over. No, it's umpire's call on hitting and Finch survives. The inswinger from Woakes and he nearly had his man, Finch was caught in the crease as he hopped across in defence, beaten on the inside edge and struck high on the pads, was only going to clip the top of leg-stump
5.6
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, Archer shortens his length on off, Warner gets well behind the ball and defends
5.5
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Warner gets right behind the line and blocks
5.4
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, back of a length and around the off-stump channel, Warner plays with an open face and guides it to the off-side
5.3
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, Archer shortens his length outside off, Warner prods across, gets on top of the bounce and finds backward point with the steer
5.2
Jofra Archer to Finch, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
5.1
Jofra Archer to Finch, 2 runs, half-a-chance and Vince has grassed it, on a good length and well outside off, Finch wasn't fully forward on the drive, sliced it off the outer half and towards backward point - Vince timed his leap perfectly, went with his right-hand and got to the ball, but only managed to palm it over
4.6
Woakes to Warner, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Warner was swivelling across on the pull and then changed his mind - struck high on the body and rolled to the off-side
4.5
Woakes to Finch, 1 run, tad fuller and shaping back into the right-hander, Finch was looking to nudge it to the on-side, closed the bat-face a bit early, off the soft leading edge and rolled towards mid-on
4.4
Woakes to Finch, no run, very full and just outside off, Finch was forward on the drive and toe-ends it to mid-off. Wasn't too happy with the shot as he moved away to compose himself
4.3
Woakes to Finch, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, Finch presses across and defends it towards mid-on
4.2
Woakes to Finch, FOUR, cracking shot, tad too short from Woakes, Finch swivels across and pulls it through mid-wicket, bisected the gap between the two fielders and rolled away to the ropes
4.1
Woakes to Finch, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Finch stays back and punches it to cover
3.6
Jofra Archer to Warner, FOUR, that should get Warner going, banged in short and at the stumps, Warner was quick to spot the length as he went back on the pull - not timed perfectly well but placed well wide of the fielder at long leg
3.5
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, short of a length and angling back into the left-hander, cramped Warner for room and beat the inside edge for pace - off the thigh and rolled to the off-side
3.4
Jofra Archer to Warner, no run, Archer shortens his length and angles one back into the left-hander, Warner prods across and defends it back at the bowler
3.3
Jofra Archer to Finch, 1 run, edged, back of a length and angling away with some steep bounce, Finch was looking to tuck it to the on-side, closed the bat-face and the leading edge flew over where the gully would have been posted
3.2
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, beauty, but once again, the length is a tad short, back of a length and in that channel outside off, drew Finch forward into playing before the late shape took it past the outside edge
3.1
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Finch gets a decent stride forward and finds mid-on with the drive
2.6
Woakes to Warner, 2 runs, Warner is off the mark, but in an unconvincing way - went chasing after a delivery that nipped away sharply, gets a thick outside edge and squirted the ball behind square on the off-side
2.5
Woakes to Warner, no run, much better from Woakes, fraction fuller and a hint of shape back into the left-hander, had Warner in two minds and he made a late call to play - off the face of the bat and rolled down towards the keeper
2.4
Woakes to Warner, no run, on a good length and shaping away across the left-hander, left alone
2.3
Woakes to Warner, no run, beauty, tad fuller from Woakes, but it isn't that full to make Warner play - looked good on replays, but Warner wasn't ever going to nick this - nipped away late and opened up Warner on the forward push, past the outside edge and through to the keeper
2.2
Woakes to Warner, no run, Woakes shortens his length and cramps Warner for room on the cut, Warner prods across and pushes it back at the bowler - off the inner half
2.1
Woakes to Warner, no run, short of a length and shaping away with the angle, Warner has his stumps covered as he let it go past him
1.6
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, short of a length and holding its line outside off, Finch rides with the bounce and drops it back at the bowler
1.5
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Finch gets half-forward and defends it to the off-side
1.4
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, the nip-backer from Archer, shortened his length and got it to shape back into the right-hander, beat Finch on the back-foot and struck him high on the pad
1.3
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, short of a length and climbing onto the right-hander, Finch hops across on the cut and gets an inside edge towards mid-on
1.2
Jofra Archer to Finch, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Finch prods across and defends it back at the bowler
1.1
Jofra Archer to Finch, FOUR, lovely, a floaty half-volley from Archer, full and wide of off, Finch leans into the drive and places it into the gap wide of cover for a boundary
0.6
Woakes to Warner, no run, that's a good leave from Warner, on a good length and in that channel just outside off, a hint of shape back into the left-hander, Warner watched it all along, didn't cover his stumps fully as he let it go by. Didn't miss the off-stump by much
0.5
Woakes to Warner, no run, good start from Woakes, shortened his length and got it to shape away from outside off, had Warner pushing tentatively and beat him on the outside edge
0.4
Woakes to Finch, 1 run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Finch stands tall and pushes it into the gap wide of cover for a single
0.3
Woakes to Finch, leg byes, 2 runs, half-an-appeal for LBW, but the angle was taking it down leg, tad fuller and shaping back into the right-hander, Finch fell across on the flick and missed, off the pads and behind square on the on-side for a couple of leg-byes
0.2
Woakes to Finch, FOUR, edged and four, this was full and this was wide of off, hint of shape for the bowler - had Finch going hard on the drive, gets a thick edge and the ball flew over the leaping Root at second slip
0.1
Woakes to Finch, no run, short of a length and a hint of nip back into the right-hander, Finch prods across and gets an inside edge to the on-side
Commentary
Mark Wood,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Jofra Archer,James Vince
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Jason Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Nathon Lyon
