49.6
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, out Caught by Maxwell!! Whoops! Anticlimax. Rassie hustles down the pitch and swat-pulls the short ball over mid-wicket, he seemed to have timed it okay but there's Maxwell lurking at deep mid-wicket and he ain't dropping those. wkt (6-325) min (136m). Vander Dussen c Maxwell b Pat Cummins 95(97) [4s-4 6s-4]
49.5
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, top-edges the pull and it falls in no-man's land at square leg. Rassie says no for the single as Cummins and Phehlukwayo collide while trying to run across to the other end
49.4
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, flicked away through mid-wicket and now he moves onto 95. Just one hit away
49.3
Pat Cummins to Phehlukwayo, Byes, 1 run, slower ball bowled well past the tramline outside off, Phehlukwayo moves across his off-stump and that could be only reason why it was deemed as a legal delivery. Tries to slice but no dice
49.2
Pat Cummins to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, picks the gap does Phehlukwayo... A full ball bowled well wide of off-stump, Phehlukwayo uses the pace of Cummins to slice the drive backwards of point. Rassie walks down and punches the glove with his partner suggesting him to continue with his aggressive approach
49.1
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, 1 run, short and on the stumps, Rassie swivels and pulls flat to deep square
48.6
Starc to Phehlukwayo, no run, oh Phehlukwayo you genius! He somehow manages to keep out a toe-killing 148ks yorker on the stumps. Just got his bat down in the nick of time. Buried.
48.5
Starc to Pretorius, out Bowled!! The signature Mitchell Starc yorker. Pretorius exposes middle and off and looks to go big on the leg-side but didn't see that (yorker) coming, Starc nails it in the blockhole and splits middle and off with thunderous pace. wkt (5-317) min (13m). Pretorius b Starc 2(5)
48.4
Starc to Pretorius, no run, angled in from wide of the crease, a dipping full toss outside off and Pretorius gets a thick outside edge on the swish. Carey collects it on the bounce
48.4
Starc to Pretorius, wide, too full and too far outside off, Pretorius tries to fetch but that was well past the tramline
48.3
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, pitched short and angling away at 130ks, Rassie uses the width to run a single down to third man
48.2
Starc to Pretorius, 1 run, full and straight at 149ks, Pretorius stays firm and biffs the drive straight of long-off
48.1
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 146ks too full outside off, Rassie makes room and sits on one knee before unveiling a drive through extra cover
47.6
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, 1 run, short and wide of off, pulled away to deep mid-wicket for a strike-retaining single
47.5
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, smart cricket from Rassie. Drops the ball with soft hands on the leg-side and calls for two straightaway. The fielder was too deep at square leg and they collect two sans any fuss
47.4
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, FOUR, they keep bowling him short and Rassie continues to pounce. Gets into position early and smacks the pull square on the leg-side
47.4
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, wide, slower short ball outside off, too high reckons the umpire
47.3
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, SIX, short and gone into the stands! Rassie sets himself on the back foot and nails the pull over backward square with impeccable swing of the bat
47.2
Pat Cummins to Pretorius, 1 run, Rassie survives again, he was nowhere in the frame! Pushed straight to cover and Rassie was almost halfway down by the time the ball reached Smith who missed an easy direct hit at the bowling end. Had he hit Rassie was gone for all money, they sneak a single on the overthrow
47.1
Pat Cummins to Pretorius, no run, 140ks pitched up outside off, Pretorius drives square but cannot get it past Finch at backward point
47.1
Pat Cummins to Pretorius, wide, short and well down the leg-side, Pretorius doesn't bother with it
46.6
Starc to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, short at the body, Rassie swivels and pulls it over square leg
46.5
Starc to Duminy, out Caught by Stoinis!! Excellent low catch by Marcus Stoinis. Starc has his first. The soft signal is not out though and telly umpire S Ravi takes just a couple of zoom in angles to overturn the onfield verdict. JP Duminy is out for 14 for in his last ODI for South Africa. Looks to slog Starc into long-on stands, but doesn't quite get the timing and elevation. Stoinis charges in from long-on, puts in a full length dive and grasps it inches above the turf. Duminy gets a lot of pats inside the dressing room... wkt (4-295) min (18m). Duminy c Stoinis b Starc 14(13) [4s-1]
46.4
Starc to Duminy, 2 runs, tries to pin a yorker and ends up serving a low full toss on Duminy's pads, its been flicked away in the gap between long-on and deep mid-wicket
46.3
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, slightly short on the stumps at 133ks, Rassie drags the heave wide of mid-wicket
46.2
Starc to Duminy, 1 run, low full toss down leg, Duminy inside-edges the flick through square leg
46.1
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 147ks full and veering away outside off, Rassie drills the drive through vacant mid-off region, only a single
45.6
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, drifting into the pads, Rassie tickles it wide of short fine and keeps strike
45.5
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, another roundarm delivery and its been driven firmly back to the bowler
45.4
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, roundarm delivery on the pads, Rassie picks it off his pads and clips it to the right of deep square for a couple of runs
45.3
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, SIX, Maxwell ups his pace and so does Rassie! Gets underneath the full delivery and smokes it for a 88-metre six over wide long-on. Clean as a whistle
45.2
Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run, short and sliding in with the arm, Duminy swivels and pulls to deep mid-wicket
45.1
Maxwell to Duminy, FOUR, fires it fast and flat outside off, Duminy gets low and smashes it over extra cover with some authority. Got it off the cue end but had enough power behind it
44.6
Starc to Duminy, 1 run, shortens his length and slants it into the body, Duminy had no room and therefore, gets a thick inside edge on the heave to short fine
44.5
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, moves across and drills the full ball wide of extra cover
44.4
Starc to Duminy, 1 run, spears it on the blockhole around leg-stump, Duminy could only toe-end his drive towards long-on
44.3
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, very full outside off, Rassie sits on one knee and squeezes it wide of cover
44.2
Starc to Duminy, 1 run, too full and at leg-stump, Duminy jams the drive wide of long-on
44.1
Starc to Duminy, no run, full and angling in, Duminy flicks it straight to mid-wicket
43.6
Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run, attacking the stumps now, Duminy nurdles it into the leg-side
43.6
Maxwell to Duminy, wide, looks to swipe this over short fine, but the ball just slides away with the arm down the leg-side. Wided
43.5
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, advances and drives the quicker delivery wide of long-on
43.4
Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run, eased down to long-on off the front foot
43.3
Maxwell to Duminy, no run, quicker outside off, Duminy tries to drive but cannot pick the gap on the off-side
43.2
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, quicker on the pads, Rassie wrists it with the spin through mid-wicket
43.1
Maxwell to Duminy, 1 run, flatter on off, Duminy knocks it down to long-on and is off the mark with a single
42.6
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, out Caught by Starc!! Change of pace does the trick for Behrendorff. Keeps it wide of off and asks Faf to fetch it from there, the South African skipper falls for the bait and top-edges the slog to Starc at short third. wkt (3-265) min (125m). du Plessis c Starc b Behrendorff 100(94) [4s-7 6s-2]
42.5
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, 1 run, full toss on the stumps, swiped away to deep mid-wicket
42.4
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, no run, gets thif full ball to dip outside off and Rassie cannot connect with his slog on the leg-side
42.3
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, FOUR, gets across, sits on one knee and slaps this over backward square. Rassie is watching it like a hawk at the moment
42.2
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, first century in this World Cup for Faf, and it comes in what could be his last World Cup game. Advances and pushes the drive straight of mid-off, pumps his fists and lets out a loud roar as he trundles to the other end. Huge applause from the spectators and the dressing room. A handshake from his partner....
42.1
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, angles it in from wide of the crease, Faf nudges it with soft hands into the mid-wicket pocket and calls for two straightaway. Easy!
41.6
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, full on off, pushed back to the bowler
41.5
Lyon to Vander Dussen, FOUR, this is what he was trying to do the first ball. Got the desired pace and width outside off and he absolutely middled the reverse sweep past short third
41.4
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, skates down the pitch and biffs the full ball wide of long-on
41.3
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, no run, the offbreak on a length, Faf clips it straight to square leg
41.2
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, no run, slower and spinning in, flicked away to the left of mid-wicket. A diving stop by Smith there
41.1
Lyon to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, quicker and fuller outside off, Rassie gets down on one knee and misses the sweep, the ball hits him on the thigh pad and rolls to backward point
40.6
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, no run, shuffles to the leg-side and hits the drive towards mid-off
40.5
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, 1 run, advances down the pitch and drives the full ball to long-on
40.4
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, worked away through mid-wicket
40.3
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, 1 run, Rassie survives and gets to his fifty! His third in this World Cup. Taps this to cover and takes on Smith's arm and guess what! He nearly ran himself out. Matter of inches, had to put in a desperate dive and the bat grounded just in the nick of time. Smith had one stump to aim at and he nailed the direct hit at the bowling end
40.2
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, too full outside off, biffed to long-off
40.1
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, full and wide at 117ks, Faf flat-bats the drive wide of long-off and calls for two straightaway. Gets there with ease
39.6
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, tries to take on this short ball, a little lesser in pace - 137ks to be precise - but Rassie cannot connect with his pull
39.5
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, lifter at 143ks, skids off the pitch and flies past Rassie who aborted his pull shot at the last minute
39.4
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Faf sits on his back foot and punches on the up through extra cover
39.3
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Rassie opens his bat face and runs it to the left of short third for a quick single
39.2
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short again, pulled away down to long leg
39.1
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 137ks short ball at the batsman, Rassie was in no control of the pull but manages to place it well in front of the charging fielder at deep backward square
38.6
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, no run, cuts the pace and bowls it full outside off, Faf seeks to drive square and ends up running it off the toe-end towards short third
38.5
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, 1 run, good length on off, Rassie shuffles across and tucks it square on the leg-side
38.4
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, SIX, stands outside the crease, picks up the fuller length off his pads and whiplashes it into the mid-wicket stands with an air of nonchalance! Timed...
38.3
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, angles it in with the arm at 131ks, tucked round the corner on the leg-side
38.2
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, 1 run, too full outside off and that's been drilled past back over the outstretched left hand of Jason Behrendorff
38.1
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, full at the stumps, Faf flicks it along the ground through square leg, easy single
37.6
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, whips the floated delivery to mid-wicket, was played uppishly but dropped just just of the fielder
37.5
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, works the short ball through square leg for a single
37.4
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, down the track to nurdle it to mid-wicket, stopped with a dive by the fielder inside the circle
37.3
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, eases towards mid-on for a single, does Vander Dussen
37.2
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, driven to long-on off his front foot, a loopy and harmless off-break by Maxwell that was
37.1
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, eases this floated delivery to long-on and takes a single
36.6
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, same region, same result! Slightly full by Behrendorff, du Plessis stands tall and pumps it over mid-on, the fielder was inside the ring once again, entertaing knock by the South African skipper. Boundaries all over the park!
36.5
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, stand and deliver! Short ball by Behrendorff, stays put and hacks it over mid-on with a flat-bat. The outfield is so quick that no one can chase it down
36.4
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, no run, pitched up Behrendorff and it's been squeezed in front of cover by du Plessis, that dipped into the batsman and was a slower one
36.3
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, 1 run, carves the back of length delivery in front of point for a quick run
36.2
Behrendorff to Vander Dussen, no run, flicks this one to mid-wicket, does Vander Dussen
36.1
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, du Plessis nudges it to mid-wicket
35.6
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, flighted ball outside off, Vander Dussen creams to cover
35.5
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, hacked to mid-wicket by Vander Dussen
35.4
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flatter on leg, du Plessis works it through square leg
35.3
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, nudges this one through square leg by Vander Dussen, one run taken
35.2
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, SIX, 100-run stand up! Vander Dussen puts on his dancing shoes, gets to the pitch of the ball and lofts it right over the bowler's head for half-a-dozen
35.1
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, floated around middle and leg, du Plessis clips it through square leg
34.6
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, tossed up delivery around off, Vander Dussen pushes it to cover
34.5
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, hacks the short ball through mid-wicket for a single, sensible batting
34.4
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, no run, flatter around middle and leg, du Plessis works it in front of short fine leg
34.3
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, SIX, that's gone all the way! du Plessis spots the tossed up delivery, goes down on his knee and slog-sweeps it over deep mid-wicket for a sweet six, aggression at its best
34.2
Lyon to Vander Dussen, 1 run, plays the reverse sweep but finds the man at deep point
34.1
Lyon to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, full in length outside off, Vander Dussen creams it through covers for a couple of runs
33.6
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, Maxwell ain't pleased with the fielder's effort. This was nudged with soft hands towards long leg by du Plessis and the fielder in the deep was late to get rid of the ball, the bowler thinks it should've been only a single
33.5
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, maneuvered in front of short fine leg, played with the spin by Vander Dussen
33.4
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, short ball by Maxwell and Vander Dussen works it in front of mid-wicket
33.3
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, down on his knee early to sweep that away to deep square leg
33.2
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, gets to the pitch of the ball and nurdles it towards mid-wicket, closed bat face again, but played it a touch late
33.1
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, eases this one into the gap at cover-point from within the crease
32.6
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, expensive over! Slightly wide in the channel outside off, another slower one by Cummins and du Plessis whacks it through covers. Cummins stands there admiring the shot, what else could he have done?
32.5
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, SIX, thumped down the ground! du Plessis shimmies down the wicket and lifts the length delivery right over the bowler's head, Cummins wouldn't like that
32.4
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, another superb save, it was Starc earlier in the over and it's been Behrendorff this time around. du Plessis had timed his pull to perfection but the lanky pacer in the deep puts in a dive and stops it, saves a certain boundary
32.3
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, no run, on a length around off, du Plessis punches it to mid-off
32.2
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, leg byes, 2 runs, slower short ball by Pat Cummins, du Plessis tries to work this one into the leg side but the ball flicks his pads and races away to third man, Starc does well to sprint across and flick it inside, two leg byes
32.1
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, no run, tailing into the batsman on a length, du Plessis has clipped it to mid-wicket, straight to the fielder inside the circle
31.6
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, works the short ball to short fine leg for a single
31.5
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, short ball by Maxwell and Vander Dussen knocks it down to long-on, one run more
31.4
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, back in his crease to punch the short ball through covers
31.3
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, attempts a sweep but doesn't time it well
31.2
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, on-driven to long-on for a single
31.1
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, flatter around off, Vander Dussen reverse sweeps it to short third man
30.6
Starc to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, tries to help the short ball to fine leg but the ball clips his thigh pad and rolls towards the left side of the keeper
30.5
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, length delivery around off, du Plessis bunts it to mid-off
30.4
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, hooks the short ball to fine leg on a bounce
30.3
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, fourth 50-plus score for du Plessis in World Cup 2019. A short ball outside off, du Plessis slaps it through covers and ambles across to the other end, Vander Dussen gives his skipper a hug as he gets to the milestone
30.2
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, slightly short from round the wicket, du Plessis nudges it to mid-wicket
30.1
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, harmless delivery at the pads, Vander Dussen works it through square leg, du Plessis who's just a single away from his fifty, is back on strike
29.6
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, on the shorter side, it's a slider that's been nudged through mid-wicket, one more to the total
29.5
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, nurdled to mid-wicket where it's been stopped with a dive
29.4
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, slices this one to short third man as he treks back in his crease
29.3
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, back in his crease to punch the short ball to Maxwell, good stop by the bowler there, took down du Plessis as he tried to stop it
29.2
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, turned in front of mid-wicket by du Plessis with a closed bat face, easy single taken
29.1
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, darted around off, Vander Dussen pats it to point and gets his skipper back on strike
28.6
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, Starc has been quite mediocre today, expensive at the same time. Offers some width on this length delivery and du Plessis makes sure to put it away to the fence. A lovely punch through covers and the fielder at sweeper couldn't do much, this was placed right into the gap and the timing was good enough to beat his chase
28.5
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, slightly up around the off-stump line, du Plessis drives it to mid-off from within the crease
28.4
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, stays back in his crease and drops the shortish delivery in front of Starc, played that with soft hands on that occasion, was the cutter by the left-arm pacer
28.3
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, walks down the wicket and guides the length delivery back to Starc
28.2
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length delivery from round the wicket, du Plessis eases it towards point
28.1
Starc to Vander Dussen, 1 run, pitched up by Starc and Vander Dussen plays an expansive drive through covers, just a single though
27.6
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, played with a closed bat-face towards the man at mid-wicket by du Plessis
27.5
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, loopy ball around off, du Plessis eases it back to the bowler off his front foot
27.4
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, drives the tossed up delivery through covers and Behrendorff in the deep puts in a dive to flick this one back into play, could have been a boundary else
27.3
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, spinning into the batsman on a slightly short length, du Plessis rocks back and knocks it to cover
27.2
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, fine running between the wickets. A floated delivery around middle and leg, du Plessis nudges it with soft hands to deep square leg, challenges the fielder's arm and manages to storm back for the second
27.1
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, pitched up by Maxwell and it's been driven down to long-on by Vander Dussen
26.6
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, 1 run, nudges this one through the vacant gap at mid-wicket and gets a single
26.5
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, FOUR, having played more than 30 balls, Vander Dussen will now look to shift gears. Gets a low full toss outside off and the middle-order batsman drills it crisply past the man at mid-off, sublime timing and it's been put away to the fence
26.4
Stoinis to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, knocks the length ball to long-off and hands over the strike to Rassie
26.3
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, 1 run, attempts a pull with lack of footwork and gets a top-edge that drops in front of deep mid-wicket. Had he applied some more power behind the shot, could have been a straight-forward catch to the man who was charging in from the boundary
26.2
Stoinis to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, around the leg-stump line, du Plessis clips it through square leg and that single brings up the 150 up South Africa. A mild around of applause from the crowd
26.1
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, 1 run, on a length around off, tailing into the batsman and it's been driven nicely to mid-off by Vander Dussen
25.6
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, defended towards short mid-wicket
25.5
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run soft hands on the defence to cover-point for a quick single
25.4
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, rushes through, du Plessis punches to long-on
25.3
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, stays deep in the crease and glances to short fine leg
25.2
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, spinning back in, du Plessis turns it in front of deep square leg and comes back for the second
25.1
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, flighted delivery outside off stump, du Plessis taps it towards cover
24.6
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, no run, short delivery on the off stump, Vander Dussen drops his hands and lets it go
24.6
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, wide, short delivery, left alone, called wide for height
24.5
Stoinis to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flicked to mid-wicket
24.4
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, 1 run, Stoinis is bowling cutters and bringing it back into the right-hander, the ball rolls to mid-on off the inside edge
24.3
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, punched off the back foot to the right of Cummins at deep cover
24.2
Stoinis to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, easy nudge to square leg and then a "yes" from Faf
24.1
Stoinis to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, slower delivery on the stumps, du Plessis turns it behind square leg with the spin back into him and completes the second run easily
23.6
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short ball again, du Plessis punches to long-on and keeps strike
23.5
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, no run, shortish delivery on the leg stump, du Plessis knocks it into the on-side
23.4
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, 1 run, chipped gently over the bowler's head for a run
23.3
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, spins back in, blocks this time
23.2
Maxwell to Vander Dussen, no run, oh Carey misses a stumping chance! Dus wanted to step out and attack the part-timer, but this didn't turn much, in fact went sraight and also drifted away. Batsman was out by a long way
23.1
Maxwell to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flighted delivery on the stumps, du Plessis turns it to backward square leg
22.6
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, no run, short delivery outside off stump, Vander Dussen drops his hands and lets it pass
22.5
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, no run, off-drive hit hard but on the bounce to the man at mid-off
22.4
Stoinis to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, oh the surprise full delivery, almost yorked him there, du Plessis digs it out to mid-on
22.3
Stoinis to Fafdu Plessis, no run, slower delivery on the stumps, du Plessis covers the sticks and defends
22.2
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, 1 run, fullish delivery on the leg stump, Vander Dussen mistimes flick in the air wide of mid-on
22.1
Stoinis to Vander Dussen, no run, gentle delivery to begin with, defended
21.6
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, lovely cover-drive against the turn from Faf. Overpitched delivery outside off stump, the batsman came forward and smashed it wide of the man at cover
21.5
Lyon to Vander Dussen, 1 run, this is uppishly wristed to the right of the fielder at mid-wicket
21.4
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, spinning back in, tucked into the on-side
21.3
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, worked away into the on-side
21.2
Lyon to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, oh my word! What a ball, deserved to knock over the off pole. Flighted, full enough to draw the batsman forward, Vander Dussen lunged to defend, the ball sneaked through the gate, seemed to have just brushed the pad and went through Carey
21.1
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, flighted delivery on the off stump, Vander Dussen defends off the front foot
20.6
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, angling in and down the leg-side, Vander Dussen misses the glance and the ball rolls behind off the pad
20.5
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, oh that's smashed him on the helmet. Short delivery, Vander Dussen misses the pull shot, hit straight on the side of that Proteas badge. Looks okay though, physio sent back. The batsman was late on the shot on that occasion
20.4
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, driven along the ground to mid-on, a firm hit, but didn't get the placement right
20.3
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, covers the line and defends
20.2
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Vander Dussen looks to drive, gets a thickish edge that rolls into the on-side
20.1
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, leg-side delivery tucked away to long leg
19.6
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, didn't have the time to move his feet as Lyon rushed him with a quick delivery, defended with an angled bat
19.5
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, takes a stride forward and defends
19.4
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, knocked into the on-side
19.3
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, leans forward and defends uppishly to the right of cover
19.2
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, spins back in and rushes Vander Dussen on the defence
19.1
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, short enough for Faf to hang back and punch to long-on
18.6
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, 3 runs, short delivery, du Plessis cuts uppishly in the air, the ball goes to deep point, the sweeper cuts it off
18.5
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, strange hit that. Short delivery, looked like Faf was trying to pull, then he changed his mind and sliced it with his wrists to deep backward point
18.4
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, no run, a checked on-drive from Faf to mid-on
18.3
Pat Cummins to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery on the off stump, du Plessis defends
18.2
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, 1 run, worked away to deep square leg
18.1
Pat Cummins to Vander Dussen, no run, oh that's cut back in and just bounced over the sticks. The cross-seamer on back of a length, strangely it moved a long way back into the right-hander, surprising Vander Dussen on the defence, lucky to have missed the bat and the sticks
17.6
Lyon to Vander Dussen, 1 run, driven along the ground to long-on
17.5
Lyon to Vander Dussen, no run, flighted delivery, Vander Dussen leans forward and defends towards cover
17.4
Lyon to De Kock, out Caught by Starc!! This is very soft. Very soft from de Kock. He forcefully drags himself off the field. Flighted delivery on the stumps, nicely floated up, de Kock slogs completely across the line and gets a thick outside edge that spoons straight to Starc at backward point. QdK looks up and gulps in disappointment. He can't believe he's thrown away a great chance to make a big score on a good surface. wkt (2-114) min (78m). de Kock c Starc b Lyon 52(51) [4s-7]
17.3
Lyon to De Kock, no run, defended off the front foot
17.2
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, gets a gentle stride forward and nudges this flighted delivery with the spin to short fine leg
17.1
Lyon to De Kock, 1 run, flighted delivery on the off stump, de Kock drives it along the ground to long-off
16.6
Smith to De Kock, 1 run, leg-side delivery, de Kock glances it to fine leg
16.5
Smith to De Kock, no run, very straight from Smith, de Kock defends
16.4
Smith to De Kock, no run, goes back and cuts into the off-side
16.3
Smith to De Kock, no run, defended into the off-side
16.2
Smith to De Kock, no run, oh outside edge, plays inside the line to this flighted delivery and gets an edge that rolls into the off-side
16.1
Smith to De Kock, FOUR, long hop and QdK smashes the pull off the back foot through backward square leg to bring up his third fifty of the tournament. He gets a good round of applause
15.6
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, no run, spinning back in, du Plessis manages to defend
15.5
Lyon to De Kock, 1 run, this one is punched along the ground to deep point
15.4
Lyon to De Kock, no run, the cut shot to backward point
15.3
Lyon to De Kock, FOUR, scooped, the man at slip tried to move quickly to his right as soon as he saw de Kock shape up for the shot, but the batsman got the connection right and it runs away to the fine leg boundary
15.2
Lyon to De Kock, no run, Lyon keeps de Kock calm by dragging the length back in seeing the batsman trying to advance
15.1
Lyon to De Kock, no run, de Kock plays late as he looks to cut, finds point
14.6
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, oh cracking drive. This is even better than the first ball. Full and juicy outside off stump, Faf leans forward and absolutely smashes it to the left of extra-cover
14.5
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length delivery very straight and attacking the off pole, du Plessis stands tall and defends
14.4
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, oh loose! Very loose from Faf! Short and wide, he reaches out to play like he did in the over to Behrendorff. Loose bottom hand on the drive, luckily for him cover-point was vacant, the man sweeping the off-side boundary put in the slide, not a good one though and it escapes for four
14.3
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, that's way outside off stump, should have been a wide, Faf let it go thinking it was a wide
14.2
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, leg byes, 4, off the pad and it's running away to the boundary, Starc angled this in from round the wicket, finished down the leg-side, Faf was beaten on the flick shot
14.1
Starc to Fafdu Plessis, no run, overpitched delivery, Faf crunched that cover-drive, but picked out Smith inside the ring
13.6
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, driven down to long-on
13.5
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, swept away nicely along the ground to deep backward square leg, du Plessis fetched that from outside off stump
13.4
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, no run, defended to cover
13.3
Lyon to De Kock, 1 run, shortish and outside off stump, de Kock cuts, Behrendorff fumbles at backward point
13.2
Lyon to De Kock, 2 runs, oh almost through! De Kock was staying back to cut this ball, it's not short, he's misread this, it never turned and came in with the angle, lucky that the inside edge rolled to short fine leg
13.1
Lyon to De Kock, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, de Kock defends to the left of the bowler
12.6
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, steered to point by du Plessis
12.5
Behrendorff to De Kock, 1 run, length ball outside off, punches this through to sweeper cover
12.4
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, 3 runs, du Plessis had to really stretch to reach out to this one. Short and wide, probably a slower one which held up in the pitch. Reaching it wasn't the only thing which du Plessis did, he also found the gap through the covers. The fielder pulls it up just inside the boundary
12.3
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length ball on off stump, clipped to mid-on
12.2
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, no run, punches this off the back foot to mid-off
12.1
Behrendorff to Fafdu Plessis, no run, short of length around off, patted to point
11.6
Lyon to De Kock, no run, tossed up on off stump, de Kock pushes it to cover
11.5
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, flighted up outside off, eased down to long-on
11.4
Lyon to Fafdu Plessis, no run, length ball turning in from outside off, du Plessis defends it on the shuffle across
11.3
Lyon to Markram, out Stumped!! Markram looks to be in trouble here. Australia confident about the stumping. Lovely flight and drift from Lyon, invited the drive and then slid it past the outside edge, with Markram unable to prevent his back foot from getting dragged outside the crease. Had to really stretch for the ball, which probably indicates that it dipped on him too. Superb bit of off-spin bowling. Carey polishes off the rest with his neat glovework. wkt (1-79) min (51m). Markram st Carey b Lyon 34(37) [4s-6 6s-1]
11.2
Lyon to De Kock, 1 run, drifting in on leg, nudges it wide of midwicket
11.1
Lyon to De Kock, no run, sliding in with the arm from Lyon, gets de Kock on the back pad. Would've missed leg though
10.6
Pat Cummins to Markram, no run, back of a length delivery around off, 119kph, Markram dabs it to backward point
10.5
Pat Cummins to Markram, no run, short of length on off, hops in the crease and defends
10.4
Pat Cummins to Markram, no run, pushed firmly to mid-off
10.4
Pat Cummins to Markram, wide, Carey leaps at full stretch to stop this. Was banged in short from Cummins and it just took off
10.3
Pat Cummins to De Kock, 3 runs, short ball outside off, de Kock does a good job dragging the pull through midwicket while also managing to keep it along the ground
10.2
Pat Cummins to Markram, 1 run, slower ball at the stumps, Markram's a bit puzzled by the lack of pace as seen with his feet which went nowhere. Gets a thick inside edge behind square
10.1
Pat Cummins to Markram, no run, short of length delivery outside off, punched to cover
9.6
Behrendorff to Markram, 1 run, works it wide of mid-on
9.5
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, chance for Behrendorff who fails to hold on! He was looking away from the ball while attempting to take it, probably as a way to protect himself rather than actually catch it. But this wasn't hit as hard as he thought. In fact, it had come off a thick leading edge. Just misjudged it completely
9.4
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, short of length delivery outside off, slower one from Behrendorff, Markram dabs it to backward point
9.3
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, full ball just outside off, driven crisply to cover
9.2
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, back of a length delivery close to off, Markram didn't have the width he was after while aiming a cut. Chops it back onto his pad off the under-edge
9.1
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, length ball slanted in from round the wicket, beats Markram on the inside edge and strikes him above the pad. This could've been a close LBW shout if not for the bounce, which is considerably more than at other English venues
8.6
Pat Cummins to De Kock, no run, pitched up on off stump, played off the inside half to mid-on
8.5
Pat Cummins to De Kock, no run, Cummins goes much fuller and tighter to off, de Kock punches to mid-on
8.4
Pat Cummins to De Kock, FOUR, 141kph, short and wide, which is right up de Kock's alley. Not one to miss out on width when it's so readily offered. Lashes it through backward point
8.3
Pat Cummins to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery close to off, blocked to point
8.2
Pat Cummins to De Kock, no run, deceived him with the slower ball. De Kock was reaching well in front of the body for the drive, and got a thick inside edge to midwicket
8.1
Pat Cummins to De Kock, 2 runs, not a lot of width, but enough for de Kock to get the cut away past backward point. Starc does really well at third man, putting in the dive to flick it back inside
7.6
Lyon to Markram, no run, definitely has got Lyon thinking here. He darted this in flat and short, only to be punched hard down the pitch. Did really well though, flying across in his followthrough to cut it off. There was enough bottom-hand power from Markram to take it to the fence otherwise
7.5
Lyon to De Kock, 1 run, full ball at the stumps, drifting in from round the wicket, de Kock works it to mid-on. Fielder's probably not close enough to cut the single. They hustle through
7.4
Lyon to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, de Kock leans back to cut. Can only chop it off a thick under-edge to point
7.3
Lyon to Markram, 1 run, eased into the on-side
7.2
Lyon to Markram, SIX, the second boundary he's got off Lyon after using his feet. This one's gone all the way. Doesn't want the offie to settle. Wasn't quite to the pitch, but there's not enough turn to worry Markram as he hits through the line over long-on
7.1
Lyon to De Kock, 1 run, drifting in on middle, nudges it wide of mid-on
6.6
Pat Cummins to De Kock, 1 run, punched down the pitch to the left of mid-off where Warner makes a diving effort to save three
6.5
Pat Cummins to De Kock, no run, short of length delivery outside off, left alone
6.4
Pat Cummins to De Kock, FOUR, shows how much he trusts the bounce here. Wasn't a genuine half-volley, not even close, but de Kock just leans into it and punches it on the up through cover
6.3
Pat Cummins to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery leaving off, de Kock whips it to mid-on
6.2
Pat Cummins to De Kock, no run, back of a length on middle, turned to midwicket
6.1
Pat Cummins to De Kock, FOUR, Markram evades this straight drive rather dramatically, like literally trying to dodge a bullet. Near yorker around off, de Kock jammed down on it quite hard and it flew past his partner who showed sharp reflexes to get out of the way
5.6
Lyon to Markram, no run, pushed through on middle and leg, Markram turns it to square leg
5.5
Lyon to Markram, no run, played safely off the back foot
5.4
Lyon to Markram, FOUR, steps down the pitch and firmly punches this past a diving Lyon. Used his wrists quite well to generate the force there
5.3
Lyon to De Kock, 1 run, Lyon not happy with himself as he lets this sneak through. Was pushed to his right and should've been stopped
5.2
Lyon to De Kock, no run, 88kph, full ball with a hint of grip on off, de Kock prods forward in defence
5.1
Lyon to Markram, 1 run, flat on middle, clipped wide of mid-on for a quick single
4.6
Starc to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery angled in on middle and leg, turned to midwicket
4.5
Starc to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, patted into the off-side
4.4
Starc to De Kock, FOUR, nothing uncertain about this. It was full outside off and de Kock picked length very early. Got his weight moving forward and drove it beautifully through the covers
4.3
Starc to De Kock, no run, right through de Kock with this delivery. Length ball that came in with the angle, had de Kock fiddling uncertainly with a big gap between bat and pad. He ended up playing outside the line of it. Wasn't far from off stump
4.2
Starc to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery slanted in, cramps him up and strikes him on the thigh pad with the bat coming across
4.1
Starc to De Kock, FOUR, the rhythm's just not there for Starc so far. Bowling both sides of the pitch. Strays onto the pads of de Kock and is tickled fine for four
3.6
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, tucked into the midwicket region
3.5
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, short ball just outside off, Markram sways inside the line of it
3.4
Behrendorff to Markram, FOUR, follows it up with a pristine drive off the front foot. Lovely start from Markram. Just a minor over-correction in length, it was pitched up just outside off and was met with a confident forward stride as he nailed it through extra cover
3.3
Behrendorff to Markram, FOUR, this pitch is tailor-made for his back-foot play today. Back of a length outside off, enough width for Markram to latch onto it. Crisply cuts it past backward point
3.2
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, full ball on off stump, punched to mid-off by Markram
3.1
Behrendorff to De Kock, 1 run, back of a length around off, turned wide of midwicket
2.6
Starc to Markram, no run, short of length around off, Markram jumps in the crease to ride the bounce and fends it off nicely
2.5
Starc to Markram, no run, pitched right up on off stump, squeezed to cover
2.5
Starc to Markram, wide, won't be getting away with this one. Too wide outside off, Markram couldn't be bothered chasing
2.4
Starc to Markram, no run, short ball down leg, Markram ducks. Starc gets away with the wide, especially on the line of it
2.3
Starc to De Kock, 1 run, back of a length on the hips, clipped down to fine leg
2.2
Starc to De Kock, 2 runs, full at the stumps from Starc, de Kock works it wide of mid-on. Not all that well timed, but enough for two
2.1
Starc to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, it draws a nothing shot from de Kock who indecisively poked at it flat-footed. His indecision evident from how the ball was through before the bat got down
1.6
Behrendorff to Markram, FOUR, this is what he wanted to do off the previous ball as well. Leans into the full delivery nicely and caresses it through extra cover
1.5
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, pitched up across off, squirted off the outside half to point
1.4
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, good length ball on off, defended down the pitch
1.3
Behrendorff to Markram, no run, back of a length delivery across off, punched to cover
1.2
Behrendorff to De Kock, 1 run, full ball around off stump, turned wide of mid-on by de Kock who closed his bat face for the single
1.1
Behrendorff to De Kock, 2 runs, back of a length on middle and leg, strays just a touch does Behrendorff and is picked away through midwicket
0.6
Starc to Markram, FOUR, uff, no catching it once it beats the field. This outfield looks lightning. Back of a length delivery outside off, comes on superbly to the bat as Markram punches off the back foot through point. 14 off the first over. Something tells me batsmen are going to enjoy these conditions
0.5
Starc to Markram, no run, short of length delivery outside off, left alone
0.4
Starc to Markram, FOUR, that square must be quite hard, for this just bounced over the point fielder after being cracked off the back foot by Markram. Got on top of the bounce nicely there to punch it square of the wicket
0.3
Starc to Markram, no run, good length ball angling away outside off, 146kph, Markram shoulders arms to it
0.2
Starc to Markram, no run, length ball on middle stump, hint of shape back in, Markram defends firmly down the pitch
0.2
Starc to Markram, wide, down leg again, swinging too much too early. Erratic start from Starc
0.1
Starc to Markram, no run, now he slants this across the right hander, probably holding it cross seam so as to have some control after that wild start. Markram leaves
0.1
Starc to Markram, wide, 5 uncontrolled swing from Starc first up. Way, way down the leg-side. Flies past the diving Carey for four
Commentary
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
Duminy,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Pretorius,Vander Dussen,Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Tabraiz Shamsi
