49.2
Matt Henry to Saifuddin, out Bowled!! All-over - Bangladesh have been bowled out for 244. Four wickets for Henry - he's had a fine start to this World Cup. This was full and this was straight, Saifuddin swung all over it, off his pads and clattered into the middle-stump wkt (10-244) min (34m). Saifuddin b Matt Henry 29(23) [4s-3 6s-1]
49.1
Matt Henry to Mortaza, out Caught by Boult!! Mortaza finds third man to perfection - this was full and this was wide of off, Mortaza threw his bat at that, gets a thick edge and it flies all the way down to Boult's throat at third man. They check for a possible front-foot no-ball, but Henry is fine on that count as well wkt (9-244) min (6m). Mortaza c Boult b Matt Henry 1(2)
49.1
Matt Henry to Mustafizur Rahman, wide, asd30ks pitches around middle and slides down the leg-side, wided
48.6
Boult to Saifuddin, no run, another low full-toss on Saifuddin's pads, he was looking to flick and missed
48.5
Boult to Saifuddin, FOUR, that's a perfect yorker and it has cost Boult four runs - nothing wrong with the ball, tailed in late on this inswinging yorker - Saifuddin just about jammed his bat down, squirts an inside edge and beats short fine to the ropes
48.4
Boult to Saifuddin, leg byes, 4, handy runs for Bangladesh, an attempted yorker from Boult, on Saifuddin's pads, he swung and missed, brushed his pads and rolled away past the keeper
48.3
Boult to Mortaza, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Mortaza's pads, clipped to mid-wicket for a single
48.2
Boult to Mehidy Hasan, out Caught by Latham!! Top-edge and caught! One shot too many from Mehidy, came running down the track - that allowed Boult to drop it short, cramped for room on the pull and all he managed was a fine top-edge through to Latham - has a look at Reiffel who sends him on his way wkt (8-235) min (9m). Mehidy Hasan c Latham b Boult 7(9)
48.1
Boult to Mehidy Hasan, no run, fuller length delivery and tailing away from outside off, had Mehidy reaching out for it and is beaten
47.6
Matt Henry to Mehidy Hasan, Byes, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Mehidy shuffles right across on the paddle and missed - a fumble by the keeper and that allows a bye
47.5
Matt Henry to Saifuddin, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, clattered straight to the fielder at backward point for a single
47.4
Matt Henry to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, full and following Mehidy as he shuffled right across the stumps, finds short fine with the neat clip
47.3
Matt Henry to Mehidy Hasan, 2 runs, slower short ball from Henry, Mehidy runs down the track and pulls it wide of long-on for a couple of runs
47.2
Matt Henry to Mehidy Hasan, no run, short and wide of off, Mehidy was looking to cut it over point and is beaten by the extra bounce
47.1
Matt Henry to Mehidy Hasan, 2 runs, short of a length and well outside off, sliced away behind square on the off-side, comes back for the second run
46.6
Boult to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, another slower ball from Boult, nudged down to long leg for a single
46.5
Boult to Saifuddin, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Saifuddin's pads, clipped past square leg for a single
46.4
Boult to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, short of a length and climbing onto the right-hander, Mehidy gets on top of the bounce and drops it in front of point for a single
46.3
Boult to Saifuddin, 1 run, slower ball outside off, punched off the back-foot to extra-cover for a single
46.2
Boult to Mosaddek Hossain, out Caught by Guptill!! Mosaddek never quite got going today and he now falls in a quest for some quick runs. It was the length ball - right in the zone for the lofted drive, Mosaddek got underneath it, plenty of height, but not the distance. Guptill has enough time to settle underneath the ball and takes an easy catch wkt (7-224) min (40m). Mosaddek Hossain c Guptill b Boult 11(22)
46.1
Boult to Saifuddin, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Saifuddin's pads, clipped behind square on the on-side for a single
45.6
Ferguson to Saifuddin, leg byes, 1 run, change of pace from Ferguson, the slower ball on Saifuddin's pads, was looking to turn it to the on-side and missed, off the pads and towards point for a leg-bye
45.5
Ferguson to Saifuddin, FOUR, this is turning out to be a useful hand from Saifuddin, length delivery at the stumps, he presses forward and clubs it over mid-wicket, bounces and then rolls away to the ropes
45.4
Ferguson to Saifuddin, no run, the bouncer from Ferguson, short and well outside off, Saifuddin is happy to let it go by
45.3
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Mosaddek makes room and carves it to deep point for a single
45.2
Ferguson to Saifuddin, 1 run, the slower short ball from Ferguson, Saifuddin was looking to nudge it to the on-side, gets an inside edge and rolls to the off-side - off his body
45.1
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, a direct hit would have had Saifuddin struggling, Mosaddek pushed it in front of point and called his partner across for a quick single - the fielder was quick on the ball, but can't hit the stumps
44.6
Santner to Saifuddin, SIX, clubbed, that's as clean as a whistle, flighted well outside off, Saifuddin bends down low, gets close to the ball and swipes it high and wide of mid-wicket
44.5
Santner to Saifuddin, no run, Appeal for LBW and New Zealand want a review. It's a fair delivery and think the impact is outside off, Saifuddin was a long way across on the sweep and missed. Can see all the three stumps, is there an inside edge on that? The third umpire thinks so and NZ lose their review. This was nicely tossed up outside off, Saifuddin went a long way across on the sweep, got an inside edge, would have been still missing the stumps had he not
44.4
Santner to Saifuddin, no run, Santner slows down the pace and drifts it wider of off, Saifuddin was reaching out for the cut and missed, close to the tramlines, but umpire Reiffel reckons it was fine
44.3
Santner to Saifuddin, 2 runs, that's an ugly hack from Saifuddin, reaches out to a well flighted delivery and gets it wide of mid-wicket, back for the second run
44.2
Santner to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, pushed through on off, Mosaddek stays back and clips it wide of mid-wicket for a single
44.1
Santner to Saifuddin, 1 run, Santner drops one short and just outside off, punched square on the off-side for a single
43.6
Ferguson to Saifuddin, 1 run, low full-toss from Ferguson, tailing back in late, Saifuddin brings his wrists into play and flicks it past mid-wicket for a single
43.5
Ferguson to Saifuddin, no run, Ferguson shortens his length outside off, chopped straight to the fielder at point
43.4
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, on a good length and well wide of off, Hossain waits on it, uses the pace on the ball and runs it behind point for a single
43.3
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Mosaddek backs away and finds backward point with the steer
43.2
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, edged and short, bounced in front of the diving keeper - the slower leg-cutter from Ferguson, no pace to work with as Mosaddek looked to steer it towards third man, very nearly guided straight into the keeper's hands
43.1
Ferguson to Saifuddin, 1 run, on a good length and angling into Saifuddin's pads, clipped away towards long leg for a single
42.6
Santner to Saifuddin, 1 run, slower and just outside off, eased in front of square on the off-side for a single
42.5
Santner to Saifuddin, FOUR, lovely, fraction too short and wide of off, Saifuddin makes room and cuts it square behind point - Henry with the chase and managed to pull it back in, but he then fumbled and let the ball roll onto the ropes
42.4
Santner to Saifuddin, no run, flighted delivery outside off, Saifuddin leans forward and can't find the gap at cover
42.3
Santner to Mahmudullah, out Caught by Williamson!! Lovely bowling from Santner - he kept check on the scoring rate and he now removes the danger man. Lovely drift and turn on this - slowed down the pace, pitched just outside off and got it to spin away, Mahmudullah was making room for the cut, he had to reach out on the shot and all he managed was a chip down KW's throat at cover. Bangladesh are falling away at the latter half, can NZ keep themn below wkt (6-197) min (52m). Mahmudullah c Williamson b Santner 20(41)
42.2
Santner to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, slower and angling away from off, worked in front of square on the off-side for a single
42.1
Santner to Mahmudullah, 1 run, flighted on the leg-stump line, nudged wide of mid-wicket for a single
41.6
Ferguson to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, Mahmudullah rides with the bounce and steers it to third man
41.5
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, tad fuller and at the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
41.4
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, sheer pace from Ferguson, fuller length delivery and in that channel outside off, draws a lame poke from Mosaddek - he missed it by a mile
41.3
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, Ferguson shortens his length around middle, too quick for Mosaddek who was caught in a tangle as he looked to pull, mistimed it back at the bowler
41.2
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, that's a superb stop from Santner - saved four runs for his team. Mosaddek read the slower ball on this flowing drive - to the left of cover, only to be denied runs
41.1
Ferguson to Mahmudullah, 1 run, Mahmudullah backs away to a length ball, went hard on the drive and mistimes it wide of cover for a single
40.6
Santner to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, pushed through with the angle, Mosaddek leans well forward in defence
40.5
Santner to Mahmudullah, 1 run, Santner gives this one plenty of air, driven wide of cover for a single
40.4
Santner to Mahmudullah, no run, slower and well outside off, driven back at the bowler
40.3
Santner to Mahmudullah, no run, Mahmudullah comes down the track to a well flighted delivery and pushes it back at the bowlr
40.2
Santner to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, streaky, pushed through with the angle and then spun away late - Mahmudullah was looking to work it to the on-side, closed the bat face and the edge rolled wide of the man at short third man
40.1
Santner to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, tossed up on off, Mosaddek plays with an open face and finds the gap wide of cover-point
39.6
Ferguson to Mahmudullah, no run, full-toss from Ferguson, Mahmudullah can't time the drive, straight to the fielder at mid-off
39.5
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, that's painful, back of a length and well outside off, Mosaddek used the pace on the ball and steered it to the left of backward point - Guptill tumbled and got a hand onto it, can't save the single and then winces in pain
39.4
Ferguson to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, on a good length and angling back into the right-hander, had Mosaddek prodding forward and gets an inside edge towards mid-on
39.3
Ferguson to Mahmudullah, 1 run, excellent half-stop from Guptill at backward point, saved at least one run for his team, back of a length and well outside off, Mahmudullah rode the bounce and steered it to the left of backward point
39.2
Ferguson to Mahmudullah, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, Mahmudullah plays with an open face but can't squeeze it past Guptill at backward point
39.1
Ferguson to Mahmudullah, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Mahmudullah leans forward and finds mid-off
38.6
Boult to Mahmudullah, 1 run, a direct hit might have had Mahmudullah struggling, shuffled across and pushed a length ball to the right of cover-point, called his partner through and think he would have beaten the shy
38.5
Boult to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, Boult shortens his length and angles this one across the right-hander, steered behind square on the off-side for a single
38.4
Boult to Mahmudullah, 1 run, on a good length and well outside off, driven in front of square on the off-side for a single
38.3
Boult to Mahmudullah, no run, short and angling across the right-hander, had Mahmudullah throwing his bat at that, beaten on the top edge
38.2
Boult to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Mosaddek pushes it to the left of cover, called for a quick single by his partner who makes the dive to complete it
38.1
Boult to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, short and wide of off, Mosaddek cuts it straight to the fielder at backward point
37.6
Matt Henry to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 run, 133ks length ball on off-stump, worked round the corner for an easy single
37.6
Matt Henry to Mosaddek Hossain, wide, asd30ks pitches around middle and slides down the leg-side, wided
37.5
Matt Henry to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, 133ks back of a length zips off the surface outside off, Mosaddek looks to steer but the extra bounce defeats him
37.4
Matt Henry to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, 131ks full delivery around off, solid front foot block from Mosaddek
37.3
Matt Henry to Mahmudullah, 1 run, 135ks length delivery on the stumps, Mahmudullah walks across and clips it behind square on the leg-side
37.2
Matt Henry to Mahmudullah, no run, back of a length on off-stump, Mahmudullah opens the face and dabs to backward point. A yes-no, yes-no for a quick single and they decide against it in the end
37.1
Matt Henry to Mithun, out Caught by Colinde Grandhomme!! Mithun mesmerizes only to deceive. Reveals his cards way too early by shuffling down the pitch and when the short ball arrived at his throat, he was in no position to play the pull. Still goes through with the shot and sends a thick top-edge straight down the throat of CDG at long leg wkt (5-179) min (59m). Mithun c Colinde Grandhomme b Matt Henry 26(33) [4s-3]
36.6
Boult to Mithun, 1 run, short ball on leg stump, pulled away to deep square
36.5
Boult to Mithun, FOUR, no pace on this from Boult. The knuckle ball. Mithun waits deep inside the crease, opens the bat face at the last minute and guides it fine of third man for a deft boundary
36.5
Boult to Mithun, wide, short and way down the leg-side, reload please
36.4
Boult to Mahmudullah, leg byes, 1 run, 122ks tails in late around leg-stump, Mahmudullah manages a fine tickle into the leg-side. Off the pads indeed
36.3
Boult to Mahmudullah, no run, full delivery on off-stump, Mahmudullah toe-ends the drive to the left of the bowler, Boult with a well-timed dive denies the single
36.2
Boult to Mahmudullah, no run, good length delivery aiming for the top of off, Mahmudullah smothers with soft hands into the off-side
36.1
Boult to Mahmudullah, no run, 137ks back of a length delivery on off-stump, Mahmudullah ekes an inside edge onto pad into the off-side
35.6
Matt Henry to Mithun, no run, keeps it tight on the stumps, Mithun taps it into the off-side
35.5
Matt Henry to Mithun, no run, 134ks skiddy length delivery on off-stump, Mithun looks to swat and misses. It pings him high on the back pad and would have gone over the stumps, Williamson thinks about a review but Matt Henry never looked confident. No dice!
35.4
Matt Henry to Mithun, 2 runs, walks into the lofted shot and places the ball well over the backtracking fielder at mid-on
35.3
Matt Henry to Mithun, no run, good length on off-stump, blocked into the off-side
35.2
Matt Henry to Mithun, FOUR, 131ks slightly fuller outside off, Mithun gets into position early - shuffle to his right - and scoops it away for a one-bounce four over vacant short fine
35.1
Matt Henry to Mithun, no run, 131ks back of a length delivery on off, Mithun inches forward with a straight bat
34.6
Boult to Mahmudullah, no run, hustles Mahmudullah with a pacy bouncer outside off, nothing doing
34.5
Boult to Mahmudullah, no run, slower back of a length delivery on off-stump, Mahmudullah hops inside the crease and ekes a soft leading edge into the off-side
34.4
Boult to Mithun, 1 run, 134ks head-high short ball on the stumps, Mithun gets into position early and pulls it flat to the right of deep square
34.3
Boult to Mithun, no run, 133ks full just outside off, Mithun shuffles across and plonks a solid defence into the pitch
34.2
Boult to Mahmudullah, 1 run, 138ks good length outside off, Mahmudullah opens the bat face and drops the ball wide of cover to pinch a quick single
34.1
Boult to Mahmudullah, no run, bumper angling away outside off, Mahmudullah watches it all along and stays away from the line of fire
33.6
Santner to Mahmudullah, 1 run, fired full outside off, push-driven to long-off
33.5
Santner to Mahmudullah, no run, blocked to mid-wicket
33.4
Santner to Mahmudullah, no run, attacking the stumps once again, Mahmudullah dabs to backward point and looks for a quick single, a yell of no from his partner
33.3
Santner to Mithun, 1 run, tossed up around off, Mithun strides forward and eases the drive wide of long-off
33.2
Santner to Mithun, no run, full on middle and leg, Mithun gets forward and flicks to mid-wicket
33.1
Santner to Mahmudullah, 1 run, flatter on the stumps, punched down to long-on
32.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Mithun, no run, another slower ball variation, tapped away straight to backward point
32.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Mithun, no run, off-cutter outside off, Mithun forces a punch to cover
32.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, 1 run, full on leg-stump, glanced away to the right of fine leg
32.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, short around middle and leg, wristed away to the right of deep square
32.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, no run, 125ks length delivery outside off, Mahmudullah cuts late but can't beat the man at backward point
32.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, no run, back of a length outside off, Mahmudullah shuffles across and bunts to mid-on
31.6
Santner to Mahmudullah, 1 run, this one came in with the arm and Mahmudullah nearly dragged it on. No feet movement and he ends up slicing the cut off the under edge past the off peg, wasn't too far
31.5
Santner to Mahmudullah, no run, loopy full delivery just outside off, forward and blocked
31.4
Santner to Mithun, 1 run, floated up outside off, punched away through the extra cover region for a yawning single
31.3
Santner to Mahmudullah, 1 run, looks to block a full delivery with hard hands and sends a thick leading edge into the leg-side
31.2
Santner to Mahmudullah, no run, inches forward and pushes the full delivery back to the bowler
31.1
Santner to Mahmudullah, no run, straighter delivery, tucked away to the left of mid-wicket
30.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of length wide of off, cut away through point for a strike-retaining single
30.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, wide, this one pitches outside off and seams away further after landing, too far outside the tramline
30.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, no run, good length delivery wide of off, dabbed away to shot third
30.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Mithun, 1 run, gets inside the line of this length delivery and clips it behind square on the on-side
30.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Mahmudullah, 1 run, full and wide, Mahmudullah slices the drive wide of a diving gully to his right, off the mark with a single
30.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, out Caught by Latham!! 'Wicket out of the blue' - That adage fits perfectly as no-one, not even CDG himself expected a wicket off this delivery. Just a back of a length dart outside off stump and Shakib thought he can steer it away down to third man; attempts to get it fine and sends the finest of nicks to the keeper. Excellent reflexes from Latham behind the stumps. Huge wicket in the context of the game wkt (4-151) min (98m). Shakib c Latham b Colinde Grandhomme 64(68) [4s-7]
30.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, goes round the wicket and cramps Shakib for room, tries to late cut but can only get it as far as backward point
29.6
Santner to Mithun, no run, slower and drifting in, Mithun gets half-forward and pushes gently into the leg-side
29.5
Santner to Shakib, 1 run, shuffles outside leg stump and flicks the full delivery off his pads to deep square
29.4
Santner to Shakib, no run, looks to work this into the leg-side, but the ball arrives much quicker and hits the splice on the back foot
29.3
Santner to Mithun, 1 run, worked away off the hip to the left of backward square, a quick single
29.2
Santner to Shakib, 1 run, flat outside off, Shakib camps back and cuts it through covers for a single
29.1
Santner to Shakib, no run, plays a late dab outside off and the fielder at backward point does well to dive and deny a single
28.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, 1 run, full and gets a hint of width outside off, Shakib slices the drive to the right of backward point
28.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, FOUR, so close! Shakib gets width outside off and he flays it over the diving fielder - Boult - at backward point. Wasn't far from the leaping Boult to his right
28.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, 2 runs, full and outside leg stump, helped away wide of the fielder at fine leg
28.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, slower ball around off-stump, Shakib opens the face and steers to the fielder at short third
28.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, FOUR, easy pickings for Shakib! Short and asking to be smashed, Shakib swivels and nails the pull backwards of square leg with an air of ferocity
28.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, back of a length on middle and leg, tucked away to mid-wicket
27.6
Santner to Shakib, 1 run, gets it a little too straight, nudged round the corner and Shakib will keep strike
27.5
Santner to Shakib, no run, forces the full ball to the left of the bowler
27.4
Santner to Mithun, 1 run, full outside off, driven out to sweeper cover
27.3
Santner to Shakib, 3 runs, throws in a slider wide of off-stump, Shakib goes deep inside the crease and slams the cut behind the vacant point region. Lockie Ferguson puts in a splendid dive in the deep to cut off the boundary. Can't restrict Shakib from reaching his fifty though, a well-composed knock this from the senior pro
27.2
Santner to Mithun, 1 run, arm-ball at the stumps, tickled away wide of square leg for an easy single
27.1
Santner to Shakib, 1 run, quicker delivery on the pads, Shakib advances and eases the drive wide of long-on
26.6
Ferguson to Mithun, FOUR, that's the shot of the day! Short and Mithun displayed all his swagger by standing back and muscling that pull - through mid-wicket - with a dash of authority
26.5
Ferguson to Mithun, no run, back of a length on the stumps at 143ks, Mithun hops and drops it with soft hands into the leg-side
26.4
Ferguson to Mithun, no run, finally! Gets this short of length delivery to hold its line around middle and induces a back foot defence from Mithun
26.4
Ferguson to Mithun, wide, goes round the wicket now but he refuses to alter his line, pounds it short but needs to get his radar right
26.4
Ferguson to Mithun, wide, make that two in a row please
26.4
Ferguson to Mithun, wide, cross-seam back of a length delivery drifts past the pads, Mithun's missed a flick there
26.3
Ferguson to Shakib, 1 run, 145ks back of a length wide of off-stump, Shakib frees his arms and slashes it wide of backward point
26.2
Ferguson to Shakib, 2 runs, might have second guessed the bowler there. Shakib's weight was on the back foot and the moment he spotted the length - short - the swivel and swing on the pull aligned perfectly to slot it in the gap through mid-wicket
26.1
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, fuller outside off, Shakib checks his drive in front of cover
25.6
Santner to Mithun, no run, tosses it full and wide of off-stump, Mithun thrashes the drive but can't get it past Guptill at cover
25.5
Santner to Mithun, no run, forward and blocked straight back at Santner
25.4
Santner to Mithun, no run, sees the batsman making room and tosses it full on the pads, pushed back to the bowler
25.3
Santner to Mithun, no run, gets carried away and bowls the slider on the pads, Mithun tickles but short fine dives to his right and keeps the duo calm
25.2
Santner to Mithun, no run, angled in with the arm, punched into the off-side
25.1
Santner to Mithun, 2 runs, this one skids off the pitch and turns away a hint outside off, Mithun opens the bat face and guides it wide of third man
24.6
Ferguson to Mithun, 1 run, on a short of length and down the leg-side, Mithun tucks it to the on-side
24.5
Ferguson to Shakib, 1 run, pushes it to mid-off and both the batsmen almost ran into each other. They somehow moved away from eachother's way
24.4
Ferguson to Shakib, FOUR, errs in line just a little bit and with the pace of Ferguson, it was easy pickings for Shakib. It was on his pads and he flicks it fine of fine leg, got the timing right as well as placement
24.3
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Shakib jumps in the crease to get behind the line of the ball and defends it to the off-side
24.2
Ferguson to Mithun, 1 run, back of a length delivery on off-stump, Mithun was looking to push it back. It clipped the inside the half of the bat and it ended up wide of square leg
24.1
Ferguson to Shakib, 1 run, Shakib tucks it to the on-side and collects a single
23.6
Santner to Mithun, no run, pushed it back to the bowler
23.5
Santner to Rahim, out Rahim Run Out!! Mushy the big fish departs! This is a massive wicket for New Zealand. Terrible misunderstanding between these two senior players. And ultimately Bangladesh will have to pay the price for it. Rahim pushed it wide of cover, there was surely a single there but Shakib for some reason stayed put in his crease. Mushy was more than half way down the crease, Guptill picked it up cleanly and hurled the throw to Latham who makes no mistake in dislodging the bails wkt (3-110) min (48m). Rahim run out (Guptill/Latham) 19(35) [4s-2]
23.4
Santner to Shakib, 1 run, flatter and targeting the stumps, Shakib opened the face of the bat and guided it wide of cover
23.3
Santner to Shakib, no run, fuller and targeting the stumps, Shakib stays put and pushes it back
23.2
Santner to Rahim, 1 run, down the leg-side and Rahim tucks it to square leg
23.1
Santner to Rahim, no run, fuller and wide of off, Rahim wanted to play it with an angled bat. It spun and went past his outside edge
22.6
Neesham to Shakib, 2 runs, good effort by Boult at third man. It was on a back of a length and was wide of off, Shakib hops in the crease a touch and steers it wide of third man. Batsmen will take a couple
22.5
Neesham to Rahim, 1 run, on a length and down the leg-side, Rahim tucks it to square leg
22.4
Neesham to Shakib, 1 run, punches it to sweeper cover for a single
22.4
Neesham to Shakib, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
22.3
Neesham to Shakib, FOUR, Shakib is taking a liking to Neesham. Hat-trick of fours for him. There was lot of room provided, he reaches for it and blasts it over backward point for another four. It wasn't far from Guptill at point
22.2
Neesham to Shakib, FOUR, now, a handsome drive. It was full and was wide of off, Shakib comes forward and nails the drive wide of third man for a boundary
22.1
Neesham to Shakib, FOUR, brilliant pull shot! It was on the body, Shakib identifies the length early and smashes it wide of mid-wicket for a boundary
21.6
Santner to Rahim, no run, another defensive shot to end the over
21.5
Santner to Rahim, no run, pushes it to the off-side
21.4
Santner to Rahim, no run, there was a mix-up and Shakib had to dive in the end. He might have hurt himself, physio is out in the middle with the magic spray. Rahim worked it to short fine and Shakib came charging for a single. The throw from the fielder was spot-on and Shakib found himself in a bit of discomfort
21.3
Santner to Rahim, no run, nicely bowled. He gave this one lot of air, Rahim wanted to come down the track, it spun away and clipped the outside half of Rahim's bat. Was in the air for sometime but landed safely
21.2
Santner to Rahim, no run, quicker delivery that went in with the arm, Rahim goes back and pushes it to the off-side
21.1
Santner to Rahim, no run, on the stumps and Rahim nudges it to the off-side
20.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, 2 runs, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Shakib flicks it wide of backward square leg for a brace
20.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, 1 run, punches it square of the wicket for a single
20.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, FOUR, now, the cheeky paddle sweep. Mushy is a clever little cricketer and he executed that paddle shot to perfection. It was a length delivery on the stumps, Rahim moves to the off-side, gets outside the line of the ball and works it over the head of Latham for a boundary
20.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, 1 run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Shakib comes on the front foot and drives it straight to mid-off
20.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, 1 run, room provided on this delivery and Rahim runs it down to third man
20.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, no run, defends it to the off-side
19.6
Neesham to Shakib, FOUR, short balls of Lockie can be tough to be deal with but that isn't the case with Neesham. It was around hip-height, Shakib gets in a fabulous position and powers the pull shot wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
19.5
Neesham to Shakib, no run, fuller and angling away from Shakib, he wanted to punch it wide of cover. He played outside the line of the ball a touch and inside half of the bat takes it to mid-wicket
19.4
Neesham to Rahim, 1 run, this one was wide of off, Rahim steers it to third man
19.3
Neesham to Shakib, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Shakib opens the face of the bat and guides it to third man
19.2
Neesham to Rahim, 1 run, on a short of length and there was width, Rahim punches it straight to sweeper cover for a single
19.1
Neesham to Rahim, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Rahim plunges forward and drives it to mid-on
18.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, it was attacking the stumps again and Shakib clipped it straight to short fine
18.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, on a length and wide of off, Shakib steers it straight to point
18.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Shakib gets behind it and tucks it to square leg
18.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Shakib clips it straight to short fine. He was looking for a single but decides against it
18.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, on a length and attacking the stumps, Shakib pushes it back to the bowler
18.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, 1 run, down the leg-side and Rahim works it to deep square leg
17.6
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, bouncer followed by yorker, Shakib gets his bat down in time and digs it out to mid-wicket
17.5
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, another bouncer. Shakib sits under and it sails over his head
17.4
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, this one was down the leg-side, Shakib was late on the clip. It hit his inside edge and came back to hit his leg
17.3
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, on a length and wide of off, Shakib lets this one go
17.2
Ferguson to Rahim, 1 run, another lively delivery! Gee! He is putting on a show here. This bumper was aimed on the body of Rahim, he failed to duck, it clipped his glove and popped up in the air. Just behing leg-gully who is in place just for that
17.1
Ferguson to Rahim, no run, sharp delivery! On a back of a length and wide of off, Rahim was beaten by the extra pace and got his bat down late. It beats his outside edge
17.1
Ferguson to Rahim, wide, errs in line, it ends up down the leg-side. And umpire will call it a wide
16.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, 1 run, down the leg-side, Rahim works it away to fine leg
16.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, no run, on the stumps and Rahim nudged it to mid-wicket
16.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, FOUR, the pressure was building on Rahim. He was 2 off 12 balls before this ball. He charged on this delivery and gave it an almighty heave, failed to time it as well as he would have liked. And it evaded Boult at deep mid-wicket, just a few centimeters away from him
16.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Rahim gets behind it and tucks it straight to square leg
16.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, 1 run, fuller and wide of off, Shakib plunges forward and drives it to mid-off
16.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Shakib tucks it to square leg
15.6
Ferguson to Rahim, no run, now the fuller one, this is excellent bowling from Ferguson. Rahim was quick to transfer his weight forward and push it back
15.5
Ferguson to Rahim, no run, another bumper, it was down the leg-side and Rahim ducks without much discomfort
15.4
Ferguson to Rahim, no run, peach from Ferguson! He pounded this one a back of a length, it jumped off the deck, beats Rahim totally who did well to get himself away from the line. And it thuds into the gloves of Latham
15.3
Ferguson to Shakib, 1 run, again, on that back of a length, this was on the pads and Shakib tucks it to fine leg
15.2
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, back of a length delivery around off, Shakib gets behind this delivery and defends it to the off-side
15.1
Ferguson to Rahim, 1 run, on a length and on the stumps, Rahim clips it to mid-wicket
14.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, 1 run, on a good length and wide of off, Rahim opens the face of the bat and steers it to third man
14.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, no run, gets behind it and pushes it to the off-side
14.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Rahim, no run, Kane thought about taking the review but decides against it in the end. This one nipped back in off the deck, Rahim planted his front foot forward and offered no shot. It rapped him on the pads, since he didn't offer a shot so impact was not a question. But it might not have come back to hit the stumps
14.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Shakib tucks it to the on-side
14.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, punches it back to the bowler. It clipped CDG's hands and went back to hit the stumps, Mushy was back in his crease
14.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Shakib misses the steer
13.6
Ferguson to Rahim, no run, bouncer to end the over. Rahim gets himself away from the line of the ball and ducks
13.5
Ferguson to Rahim, leg byes, 2 runs, errs in line, it was down the leg-side. Rahim clips it fine of fine leg for a brace
13.4
Ferguson to Rahim, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Rahim opens the face of the bat and steers it to backward point
13.3
Ferguson to Rahim, no run, gets behind this delivery and tucks it to the on-side
13.2
Ferguson to Tamim, out Caught by Boult!! The extra pace of Ferguson gets the better of Tamim. Gee this fellow is quick! It was a bumper on face, Tamim was hurried on the pull shot. It clipped his top-edge and popped up to Boult at mid-wicket who comes forward from mid-wicket and takes a sitter of sitters. Both the openers are back in the hut now wkt (2-60) min (58m). Tamim c Boult b Ferguson 24(38) [4s-3]
13.1
Ferguson to Tamim, no run, that is a lively short of length delivery! It was just outside off and Tamim did well to get himself away from the line of the ball
13.1
Ferguson to Tamim, wide, short of length down the leg-side, Tamim ducks and lets it go
12.6
Colinde Grandhomme to Tamim, 1 run, glides the length ball to third man for a single. Economical start by Colinde Grandhomme, just three runs in the over
12.5
Colinde Grandhomme to Shakib, 1 run, on a length on the pads and it's been clipped through square leg
12.4
Colinde Grandhomme to Tamim, 1 run, clips the overpitched delivery through square leg for a single
12.3
Colinde Grandhomme to Tamim, no run, back of a length outside off, Tamim guides it to the fielder at point
12.2
Colinde Grandhomme to Tamim, no run, another fullish delivery by Colinde Grandhomme and it's been driven to covers by Tamim yet again
12.1
Colinde Grandhomme to Tamim, no run, fullish delivery outside off, Tamim drives it to Ross Taylor at covers, nice diving stop on that occasion
11.6
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, a short ball to start his over and a short one to end it as well. Shakib drops his bat quickly and sways away from the short one
11.5
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, back of a length outside off, Shakib slices it towards point
11.4
Ferguson to Tamim, 1 run, drives this fullish delivery past the diving bowler and takes a single at mid-on
11.3
Ferguson to Tamim, no run, nudges the length delivery into the leg side
11.2
Ferguson to Shakib, 1 run, slight mix-up between the batsmen and they settle for a single. That's a good call by Shakib as he could have never made it back for the second. He had clipped it towards square leg with soft hands and the initial call was for two. However, Boule is quick to get there and git rid of the ball at the batsman's end. Good fielding and an even better call
11.1
Ferguson to Shakib, no run, starts off with a short ball angled across the batsman and Shakib sways away from its line
10.6
Matt Henry to Shakib, 1 run, hooks the short ball to deep square leg for a single. Guess Henry will get a break after this over as he has bowled 6 overs on the trot
10.5
Matt Henry to Tamim, 1 run, steers the length ball down to third man and manages to take a single, does Tamim. The keeper moved swiftly to his left to stop it but it was placed well past him by the left-handed batsman
10.4
Matt Henry to Shakib, 1 run, eases the fullish delivery to the man at mid-off for a single
10.3
Matt Henry to Shakib, 2 runs, 50 up for Bangladesh as Shakib crunches his front foot punch through covers. The fielder in the deep had to cover a lot of ground and that allowed the batsmen to come back for two
10.2
Matt Henry to Shakib, no run, 138kph, very full ball and wide outside off, Shakib can't reach out for it. It was just inside the tramline
10.1
Matt Henry to Shakib, no run, short of a good length ball marginally outside off, Shakib rides the bounce and pokes it to backward point with an opened bat-face
9.6
Boult to Shakib, 1 run, eases the fullish delivery in front of mid-on and scampers across for a quick single
9.5
Boult to Shakib, no run, nails his pull against this short ball but straight to the fielder at square leg. Nice field placement by New Zealand there
9.4
Boult to Shakib, no run, very close to the off-stump line, tad short in length and it's been played with soft hands by Shakib, could have easily chopped that on to the stumps
9.3
Boult to Shakib, 2 runs, straying in line, on the pads and Shakib clips it through square leg for a couple of runs
9.2
Boult to Shakib, no run, spears in a length delivery around off, Shakib punches it sweetly to the fielder at cover
9.1
Boult to Shakib, no run, pitches this one on a full length and Shakib drives it to the fielder at mid-on from within the crease
8.6
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, touch fuller around off and it's been pushed to the man at mid-off by Tamim
8.5
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, Tamim eases this one back to the bowler with a push and Henry gathers the ball and mimes a throw at the batsman. A bit of showmanship
8.4
Matt Henry to Shakib, 1 run, Shakib's off the mark with an off-drive towards the fielder at mid-off
8.3
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, out Bowled!! Matt Henry breaks the opening stand! That was a reckless shot by Sarkar to be honest. This was pitched up Henry and Soumya Sarkar tries to hack it across the line. The ball brushes his pads and takes down the middle and off pole. Just like the previous match, Matt has broken the opening stand in this game as well. This has been the problem with Soumya in recent times. He gets off to a start but throws it away. Needs to convert these starts in upcoming games wkt (1-45) min (35m). Soumya Sarkar b Matt Henry 25(25) [4s-3]
8.2
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length outside off, Soumya Sarkar guides it to the man at short third man
8.1
Matt Henry to Tamim, 1 run, tad shorter by Henry, in the channel outside off and it's been glided down to third man by Tamim
7.6
Boult to Tamim, 1 run, pitches this one up after conceding a boundary on the last ball. Hint of outswing on it and Tamim gets an outside edge to third man as he struggles to bring his bat down in time
7.5
Boult to Tamim, FOUR, one of the best shots of the match. Gets into position quickly, transfers his weight on to the back foot and pulls the short ball over square leg. No fielders in the deep and the run rate is inching towards the 6-run mark rapidly
7.4
Boult to Tamim, no run, on a length around off, Tamim punches it to the fielder at mid-off
7.3
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, back of a length outside off, Soumya Sarkar steers it down to third man for a single
7.2
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, 2 runs, Colin Colinde Grandhomme saves two for his team and gets applause from the bowler. Boult erred in line by sliding it down the leg side and Sarkar glanced it down to fine leg. It was heading towards the fence in a jiffy but Colin in the deep saves it with a dive
7.1
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, no run, swinging away from the batsman outside off, fullish length that's been eased off the front foot to point
6.6
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, sliding down the leg side and it's been worked through square leg by Soumya Sarkar. Most expensive over of the innings so far as Henry concedes 12 runs in it
6.5
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, another superb shot by Soumya Sarkar. Width on offer on this slower delivery and Soumya takes full toll of it. Bludgeons it square of the wicket on the off side and adds four more to his account
6.4
Matt Henry to Tamim, 1 run, tad slower by Henry and Tamim waits for it to arrive, opens his bat face late and glides it down to third man
6.3
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, back of a length delivery around off, Soumya Sarkar slices it to square third man
6.2
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, smaaaashed! There were shouts of catch it but this was hit hard by Soumya Sarkar. Reaches out for the widish delivery and whacks it aerially through covers. Nicely into the gap and that shall fetch him four more
6.1
Matt Henry to Tamim, 1 run, drives the fullish delivery to mid-on and gets a single, does Tamim. This one moved late but the batsman was equal to the task as he brought his bat down in time and kept it out
5.6
Boult to Tamim, 1 run, length delivery on the pads by Boult and Tamim gets an inside edge on to his pads as he tries to work it into the leg side. Single on the first ball and a single on the last ball
5.5
Boult to Tamim, no run, pitched one on a full length and goes for the short ball on the next one. Bangs it hard around off and the batsman is forced to sway away from the line
5.4
Boult to Tamim, no run, pitches this one up and invites the batsman into the drive. Tamim comes on his front foot and pushes it to the man at mid-off
5.3
Boult to Tamim, no run, in the corridor outside off, outswinger and Tamim plays well inside the line, keeps his bat behind the pad and lets it through to the keeper
5.2
Boult to Tamim, no run, short ball around middle and leg, Tamim swivels and nails his pull straight to the fielder at short mid-wicket
5.1
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, straying in line, back of a length delivery on the pads and it's been worked through square leg by Soumya Sarkar
4.6
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, the slower delivery by Henry, an outside edge is induced but there's no one in the cordon. Sarkar looks to drive this fullish delivery and gets an outside edge that rolls down to third man. Copy book cricket by the openers as both are on 11*(15)
4.5
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, rocks back and chops the back of a length delivery to the man at point, nicely timed shot that was but not into the gap
4.4
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length outside off, Soumya Sarkar slaps it straight to the man at cover
4.3
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, clean strike! Latches on to the length delivery and lofts it nicely over the bowler. Can't keep a fielder there and that shall be the first boundary of the match for the southpaw
4.2
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, 2 runs, not so convincing shot by Soumya Sarkar. Tries to drive this length delivery away from his body and french-cuts it past the fielder at short fine leg. Was very close to the stumps but luck favoring the left hander at the moment
4.1
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, on a good length around off, Soumya Sarkar watchfully plays it towards point
3.6
Boult to Tamim, no run, back of a length around off, Tamim stays on his back foot and keeps it out into the off side
3.5
Boult to Tamim, no run, away-swinger by Boult and Tamim eases it into the off side from within the crease
3.4
Boult to Tamim, FOUR, Bangladesh fans up on their feet as Tamim puts one away to the fence. Middle stump line by Boult on this good length delivery, Tamim flicks it through mid-wicket for his second boundary of the match. Much better than his first one
3.3
Boult to Tamim, no run, bangs this one short around off, good carry on the bouncer and Tamim sways away from the firing line
3.2
Boult to Tamim, no run, slightly full in length by Boult and Tamim defends it off his front foot into the off side
3.1
Boult to Tamim, 2 runs, that's a good shot! Back of a length around off, seaming away from the batsman and Tamim slaps it towards cover off his back foot. The fielder there got his hands to it and parried it away and the batsmen managed to run two
2.6
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, another tight over by New Zealand. Soumya Sarkar brings his bat down quickly and defends the slightly full ball off his front foot. Five dot balls after conceding two on the first delivery
2.5
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, pitched up by Henry and Soumya Sarkar drives it towards mid-on, not of the middle as it came off the inside half of his willlow
2.4
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, drags back the length on this one, seaming into the batsman around middle and leg, Soumya Sarkar tries to nudge it across the line but gets beaten due to the inward movement. Struck on the back thigh as the ball ricochets to point
2.3
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, that's a rather rash shot by Soumya Sarkar. The pressure of dot balls building up. Length delivery around off that keeps a touch low, Soumya Sarkar swings across the line and misses, beaten convincingly
2.2
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length around off, Soumya Sarkar hangs back and blocks it out
2.1
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, 2 runs, 138kph, spears in a length delivery around middle and leg, Soumya Sarkar clips it nicely through square leg and manages to storm back for two
1.6
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, tidy end to the over by Boult. Bowls an outswinger around off, back of a length delivery and Soumya Sarkar gets squared up once again as he plays it past backward point. Three singles in Boult's opening over
1.5
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, no run, closer to the off-stump line, on a length and it's been blocked by Soumya Sarkar from within the crease, got a bit squared up on that occasion
1.4
Boult to Tamim, 1 run, straighter line, back of a length cross-seam delivery that's been nudged towards mid-wicket by Tamim, takes an easy single
1.3
Boult to Tamim, no run, tidy line again, back of a length around off, swinging away from the batsman who plays inside the line once more, left for the keeper
1.2
Boult to Tamim, no run, hint of outswing on this back of a length delivery, Tamim reads it early and plays inside the line, left alone for the keeper
1.1
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 133kps, shaping away from the batsman on a good length, Soumya Sarkar with lack of footwork guides it to third man and gets going, his first run of the match
0.6
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, watchful start by Tamim. This length delivery kept a touch low and Henry had his hands on his head for a moment. He thought it could go through his defence due to the lack of bounce, but nope, it doesn't. Blocked out well by the left hander
0.5
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, on the pads again, good length delivery by Henry that's been nudged to mid-wicket where the fielder puts in a dive and grabs it
0.4
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, outswinger now, back of a length around off and Tamim gets beaten as he pokes away from his body
0.3
Matt Henry to Tamim, FOUR, boundary to get off the mark! Swinging delivery on the pads, wrong line and the southpaw finds no trouble to put it away. Flicks it down to the fine leg fence where the fielder was very square, hence couldn't stop the ball from making it to the fence
0.2
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, goes a touch fuller with this away seaming delivery, Tamim gets on to his front foot with some nimble footwork and blocks it into the off side
0.1
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, starts off with a back of a length delivery, angled across the left hander who hangs back and pats it into the off side. Watchful first up
Commentary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Ferguson
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
