49.6
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, make that two in a row. Mathews tries to take on top-edge bouncer, but the pace of Jofra Archer beats him
49.5
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, sees the bumper and ducks under it almost instantly. No problems with the height on that and must say, Mathews clearly didn't see that coming
49.4
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 2 runs, low full toss on the stumps and Mathews on-drives wide of long-on
49.3
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, smacks the length ball to long-on but Mathews denies the single
49.2
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, pinpoint yorker from Jofra Archer, too hot to handle and Mathews' bat face almost turns 360 degrees trying to jam that out
49.1
Jofra Archer to Mathews, SIX, gets one in the slot and Mathews launches it for a 75-metre maximum over mid-wicket
48.6
Mark Wood to Mathews, 1 run, makes room and punches the length ball to the left of mid-off, keeps the strike with a quick single
48.5
Mark Wood to Mathews, 2 runs, nails the slower yorker on the stumps, Mathews jams it into the vacant mid-wicket pocket and steals a couple of runs
48.4
Mark Wood to Pradeep, 1 run, goes wide of the crease and delivers a low 148ks full toss on the stumps, Pradeep manages to drag the drive to long-on
48.3
Mark Wood to Malinga, out Bowled!! Malinga's leg stump goes out for a walk. He gets a dose of his own medicine. 148ks fierce yorker from Wood and too good to get under, Malinga tries...shuffles and still tries, only to see a helpless leg stump lying flat on the ground wkt (9-220) min (8m). Malinga b Mark Wood 1(5)
48.2
Mark Wood to Malinga, no run, appeal for a caught behind and no review from England. Straight off the shoulder. Malinga was late on the pull and the ball lobbed to Buttler of the back of the right shoulder
48.1
Mark Wood to Malinga, no run, a wild swing and a miss against a 138ks length delivery outside off
47.6
Jofra Archer to Mathews, FOUR, bumper on the stumps, Mathews picks it early and lifs it deftly over the keeper's head with a touch of elegance
47.5
Jofra Archer to Malinga, 1 run, full toss on the stumps, Malinga moves to the leg-side and pushes the drive to Morgan at cover
47.4
Jofra Archer to Malinga, no run, lifter on the stumps, Malinga was in no position to play the ramp. Fails to make contact and rehearses the shot in hope
47.3
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 1 run, full and wide of off, Mathews opens the face and drives along the ground to deep cover
47.2
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, full toss on the stumps
47.1
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, 115ks full on the pads, Mathews taps it gently into the off-side
46.6
Mark Wood to Mathews, 1 run, short and at the hip, Mathews hops and tucks behind square on the leg-side
46.5
Mark Wood to Mathews, FOUR, slips out a high full toss outside off, Mathews opens the face of the bat and sends it racing to the square third man fence in a jiffy
46.4
Mark Wood to Udana, out Caught by Root!! Easy peasy for Joe Root, takes his second catch of the game. Wood bowls it short and cramps the batsman for room, Udana still tries to go for the pull and his miscue could only travel as far as mid-on  wkt (8-209) min (7m). Udana c Root b Mark Wood 6(4) [4s-1]
46.3
Mark Wood to Udana, FOUR, 137ks short outside off, Udana gives it all on the slog and manages to slice it away over point wide of third man
46.2
Mark Wood to Mathews, leg byes, 1 run, Mathews exposes all his stumps and that's too easy for the bowler to target his vulnerabilities. Darts it quick into his pads and Mathews can't lay bat on the flick
46.1
Mark Wood to Udana, 1 run, stays leg-side of the length delivery and punches it square on the off-side
45.6
Jofra Archer to Udana, 1 run, 145ks full toss on the stumps, Udana's late to pick it and he can only push it as far as backward point
45.6
Jofra Archer to Udana, wide, bumper outside off, way too high and needs a reload
45.5
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 1 run, full outside off, Mathews drills it straight to mid-off and calls his partner through for a quick single. A direct hit at the batting end would have been curtains for Udana
45.4
Jofra Archer to Perera, out Caught by Adil Rashid!! Excellent catch from Adil Rashid at square third man. Jofra tests Thisara with yet another short ball and this time the latter ramps it high into the air to the right of the third man. Adil Rashid seemed to have misjudged it momentarily but holds his nerve and times his forward dive to perfection to cling onto a fine catch wkt (7-200) min (12m). Perera c Adil Rashid b Jofra Archer 2(6)
45.3
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 1 run, Mathews brings up Sri Lanka's 200 with a crisp drive through covers
45.2
Jofra Archer to Perera, leg byes, 1 run, slower ball on the pads, Thisara can't get bat on the flick. Rolled away to square leg off the thigh pad
45.1
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 1 run, Mathews makes room early and the bowler follows him, had to make the last minute adjustment and dab a single wide of point
44.6
Mark Wood to Mathews, 1 run, 137ks short ball on the stumps, Mathews manages to pull it over mid-wicket and will keep strike
44.5
Mark Wood to Perera, 1 run, slower short ball - 124ks - on the stumps, Thisara half-swivels and miscues the pull to deep square
44.4
Mark Wood to Perera, no run, full and slanting away at 144ks, Thisara can't get his bat down in time outside off
44.3
Mark Wood to Mathews, 1 run, follows the batsman's shuffly movements on the leg-side and bowls a slower length delivery, Mathews finds the leading edge on the flick that falls short of Moeen Ali at cover-point
44.2
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, 146ks full and right in the blockhole outside off, Mathews looks to slice it over point but to no avail
44.1
Mark Wood to Mathews, 2 runs, 135ks short ball outside off, pulled along the ground to the left of deep mid-wicket. A better throw at the batting end would have had Mathews
43.6
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 1 run, 134ks short and following the batsman, Mathews had to open the bat face to manufacture a single wide of point
43.5
Jofra Archer to Perera, 1 run, full on the pads, helped away for a single to fine leg
43.4
Jofra Archer to Perera, no run, greets Thisara with a bumper around off, the batsman shows some respect and ducks under it
43.3
Jofra Archer to Dhananjayade Silva, out Caught by Root!! Terrific catch from Joe Root at mid-on. Leapt full length to his left and plucked it (reverse cup) out of the air both hands. Dhananjaya looks to force the pace on this slower delivery but he's ended up dragging it off the toe end; the bat face turned in his hands too wkt (6-190) min (48m). Dhananjayade Silva c Root b Jofra Archer 29(47) [4s-1]
43.2
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 1 run, hurries Mathews on the pull with a 139ks short delivery at the body, he drags it off the splice through mid-wicket
43.1
Jofra Archer to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, fast yorker at the stumps, Dhananjaya manages to whip it away wide of mid-wicket
42.6
Mark Wood to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, full and angled in on off from wide of the crease, Dhananjaya forces the drive to mid-on and nabs a quick single
42.5
Mark Wood to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, Dhananjaya fails to pick the slower ball. Clears his front leg and looks to go over mid-wicket, the leg-cutter arrives late and wobbles past his outside edge
42.4
Mark Wood to Mathews, 1 run, 139ks short outside off, Mathews toe-ends the pull to the left of Archer at mid-on
42.3
Mark Wood to Mathews, 2 runs, another cutter from Mark Wood and this time Mathews manages a thick inside edge down to fine leg. Looks to slog but no timing on that
42.2
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, 124ks offcutter around off, Mathews clears his front leg and swats it straight to mid-on off the bottom of the bat
42.1
Mark Wood to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, stays leg-side of this 134ks full delivery and taps it with soft hands into the off-side, responds instantly for a quick single
41.6
Jofra Archer to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, 136ks short of length at the hip, Dhananjaya swivels on one leg and drags the pull to deep square
41.5
Jofra Archer to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, 141ks full delivery seeking the base of off, Dhananjaya squeezes it straight back to the bowler
41.5
Jofra Archer to Dhananjayade Silva, wide, fiery bumper on the stumps, way too high for the ducking Dhananjaya
41.4
Jofra Archer to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, 138ks good length on fifth stump, Dhananjaya goes back and taps it into the pitch
41.3
Jofra Archer to Mathews, 1 run, slower full ball outside off - at 116ks - Mathews looks to loft it over mid-off and gets a thick outside edge that lobs away over backward point
41.2
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, full outside off, Mathews pushes the drive to the left of cover
41.1
Jofra Archer to Mathews, no run, slower good length delivery around off, Mathews stays behind the line and blocks solidly
40.6
Root to Mathews, 1 run, throws it slightly full on the stumps, worked away into the leg-side for a strike-retaining single
40.5
Root to Mathews, FOUR, bowls a filth down the leg-side and that's been handled well by Mathews. Swivels quickly and helps the ball on its way to the fine leg fence. Fifty for Angelo Mathews, a much needed knock for him
40.4
Root to Mathews, no run, flighted too full on off, Mathews nails it hard but can't get it past the outstretched right hand of Joe Root
40.3
Root to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, legbreak outside off, Dhananjaya clears his front leg and clatters it to deep covers
40.2
Root to Mathews, 1 run, nudged away wide of mid-wicket
40.1
Root to Mathews, 2 runs, there's a run-out check sent upstairs. Dhananjaya is the man in question. He's well in. Not out. Flat on off, Mathews turns it away wide of square leg and Dhananjaya was late in rushing back for the second
39.6
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, shortens the length and keeps it wide of off, Dhananjaya can't time his cut past point
39.5
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, bowls the wrong 'un now, Dhananjaya was late to pick that and therefore, got beaten on the inside edge. Hit the pad but that was sliding down comfortably
39.4
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, tries for the reverse sweep and misses the legbreak outside off
39.3
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, full legbreak outside off, Dhananjaya drags the sweep from there and toe-ends it wide of mid-on
39.2
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, plenty of flight on this, Mathews stands firm and biffs the drive to wide long-on
39.1
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, lovely legbreak from Rashid! Mathews looks to take the aggressive route and goes for the sweep. The ball spun past his blade and he lost balance trying to complete that stroke, had his back foot firmly grounded before the bails came off. Not out.
38.6
Root to Mathews, 1 run, tries another variation and ends up bowling a low full toss on the pads, Mathews crouches and brooms it away square on the leg-side
38.5
Root to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, was that the split-finger delivery from Root? Oh yes, indeed. Dhananjaya had lot of time on the back foot but he fails to time the pull and instead flat bats it off the splice to wide long-on
38.4
Root to Mathews, 1 run, loopy full ball on the pads, wristed away to the right of mid-wicket
38.3
Root to Mathews, no run, slides this on the pads, Mathews advances and flicks this straight to short mid-wicket
38.2
Root to Mathews, no run, full and straight, defended back to the bowler
38.1
Root to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, flat on middle, Dhananjaya lifts it over mid-wicket for an easy single
37.6
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, dropped! Slightly flat and sliding in outside off, Dhananjaya makes room and seeks to cut, gets a feather of an inside edge that Buttler fails to cling on. Tough chance but should have been taken...
37.5
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, manages to pick the gap this time, places the drive wide of Stokes at cover
37.4
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, shorter outside off, Mathews jumps back and cuts it to the left of cover. A diving stop from Stokes this time
37.3
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, full ball on the stumps, swept away backwards of square on the leg-side
37.2
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, a misfield from Stokes at mid-off. Mathews drove this to his right and the diving Durham lad fails to collect cleanly and kicks the turf in disgust
37.1
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, tossed up around off, pushed back to the bowler
36.6
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, comes down the track and blocks this back to the bowler. End of a terrific spell from Mo
36.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, nudged away to long-on
36.4
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, flicked away from outside off to wide long-on
36.3
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, quicker and on the pads, Dhananjaya tries to flick and misses. The ball rolls away off the pad to short fine
36.2
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, goes back and defends the offbreak from the crease
36.1
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, lures him with the flight outside off, Dhananjaya pushes with hard hands and chips the drive in front of cover
35.6
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, floated up outside off, Dhananjaya gets forward and pushes the drive wide of mid-off
35.5
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, googly now, Dhananjaya isn't able to pick it and had to jam his bat down quickly to squeeze it into the off-side
35.4
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, slower legbreak outside off, Dhananjaya was very late to pick it. Went deep inside the crease and played at it at the last possible instant. Just about manages to dab it away from the crease
35.3
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Mathews leans on the drive and pushes it down to lonng-off
35.2
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, quicker and outside off, Dhananjaya jumps back and cuts it square on the off-side
35.1
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, floated up outside off, Mathews eases the drive to wide long-off
34.6
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, keeps it tight on the stumps, a firm front foot defence from Dhananjaya
34.6
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, wide, goes round the wicket and slips a flat one down leg, past Dhananjaya's flick
34.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, tosses it full outside off, Mathews strides across and whips the drive wide of mid-wicket
34.4
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, pushes it full outside off, Mathews finds mid-off with the drive
34.3
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, slower and short on middle, Mathews hangs back and nudges to mid-wicket
34.2
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, full on off, played back to the bowler
34.1
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, pushed to mid-wicket
33.6
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, FOUR, an aggressive shot to end the over. Sri Lanka need some aggression. It was flighted and was on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva goes down on his knees and tonked it wide of deep mid-wicket for a boundary
33.5
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, googly now, Adil Rashid is mixing it up really well. Dhananjayade Silva takes a good stride forward and defends it back
33.4
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, another well-tossed up delivery, for some reasons Sri Lankans are not going after him. Dhananjayade Silva mistimed the punch to cover
33.3
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, tossed up and wide of off, Dhananjayade Silva steers it wide of backward point and will come back for a brace
33.2
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, flatter one on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva blocks it back
33.1
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva pushes it to cover
32.6
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, offie on the stumps, Mathews plunges forward but fails to go past Moeen Ali who dives and stops it
32.5
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, fuller and spinning into Dhananjayade Silva, he pushes it wide of Moeen Ali for a single
32.4
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, flatter and wider, Dhananjayade Silva goes back and cuts it wide of deep extra cover. He will come back for a double
32.3
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, this delivery had width, Dhananjayade Silva wanted to use that to steer it fine of short third, ends up finding the man
32.2
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, not a great deal of turn on this delivery. Mathews goes back and works it to the on-side
32.1
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, knocks it down the ground for a single
31.6
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, goes back and steers it to sweeper cover
31.5
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, another leggie that spun too much, Dhananjayade Silva goes back and mistimes the push to cover
31.4
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, beauty! Lots of flight on this delivery and a great deal of turn, probably too much. Dhananjayade Silva lets it go to Buttler
31.3
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, flatter and wider, Mathews cuts it wide of backward point for a single
31.2
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, fuller and spinning away from Dhananjayade Silva, he comes forward and drives it to long-off
31.1
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, defends it to the off-side
30.6
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, 1 run, top-edge on the sweep, but it lands in no man's land. It was behind Rashid at short fine and was well infront of Woakes who was coming in
30.6
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
30.5
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, pushed it back, Moeen Ali did well to field it
30.4
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, this was fuller and it was flatter, Dhananjayade Silva was late on it and he played it down the wrong line. It clipped the outside half of the bat and ends up at short third
30.3
Moeen Ali to Dhananjayade Silva, no run, offie on the stumps, Dhananjayade Silva defends it back
30.2
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, knocks it down the ground to long-on
30.1
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, full and spinning into Mathews, he wanted to work it to the on-side, failed to do so and it rapped him on the pads. Too high!
29.6
Adil Rashid to Dhananjayade Silva, 2 runs, drives it wide of cover for a brace
29.5
Adil Rashid to J Mendis, out Caught&Bowled!! Two in two for Adil Rashid! He hasn't been at his best in the World Cup but he is turning things around now. He is on a hat-trick. It was a nicely tossed up delivery on a fuller length, nothing special with the delivery. But Mendis just chips it straight back to Adil Rashid who takes an absolute dolly wkt (5-133) min (2m). J Mendis c and b Adil Rashid 0(1)
29.4
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, out Caught by Morgan!! Gee! That's a beauty from Morgan. England are making it a habit of taking some excellent catches in this World Cup. It was well flighted and was a wrong-un, Kusal Mendis probably picked it up as he was looking to hit to the on-side. But he had to fetch the sweep and he could not find the middle. It went wide of Morgan at mid-wicket who dived to his left and takes a fabulous catch. He throws the ball after snaffling the catch in full swagger too wkt (4-133) min (110m). Kusal Mendis c Morgan b Adil Rashid 46(68) [4s-2]
29.3
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and wide of off, Kusal Mendis punches it straight to cover
29.2
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, goes back and tucks it to the on-side
29.1
Adil Rashid to Mathews, FOUR, hint of risk involved in the shot as it was on a fuller length. But Mathews executed the sweep well and he finds the gap backward of square leg. Welcome boundary for Sri Lanka
28.6
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, no run, works it to mid-wicket
28.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, on the pads and Mathews nudges it to short fine
28.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, wide, down the leg-side, wide called
28.4
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, works it with the spin to the on-side
28.3
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, no run, beauty from Moeen Ali. Nice drift on this delivery, it spins back in sharply and totally defeats Kusal Mendis. He somehow got an inside edge to it and that saved him. It ended up at Buttler
28.2
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, no run, offie spinning into Kusal Mendis, he works it to mid-wicket
28.1
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, no run, quicker and on the stumps, Kusal Mendis steers it to short third
27.6
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, in the air... but well short of Vince at deep mid-wicket. First shot of intent after a while from Kusal Mendis, it was attempted against the spin and was mistimed. It lands in no man's land
27.5
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, flatter and on a yorker length, Mathews gets his bat down in time and drives it to long-off
27.4
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, fuller and spinning away from Kusal Mendis, he pushes it with the spin to the off-side
27.3
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, lots and lots of flight on that delivery, it was wide of off and Mathews knocks it down the ground
27.2
Adil Rashid to Mathews, leg byes, 2 runs, errs in line just a touch. It was down the leg-side and Mathews failed to clip it. It strikes him on the pads and ends up fine of short fine for a brace
27.1
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, blocks it back
26.6
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, takes a good stride forward and knocks it down he ground
26.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, this one was a arm-ball. Mathews was squared up a touch. It clipped the top-half of the bat and went back to Moeen Ali
26.4
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, works it straight to mid-wicket
26.3
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, this one was straight, it was marginally short. Kusal Mendis rocks back and cuts it wide of point
26.2
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Mathews works it to the on-side and takes a single
26.1
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, he has found Jonny again with the pull shot
25.6
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, fuller and on the stumps, not a lot of spin on that delivery. Mathews came forward and blocked it back
25.5
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, now, a wrong'un. Mathews reads it off the pitch, adjusts well and pushes it to the off-side
25.4
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, lot slower and spinning away from Mathews, he pushes it back
25.3
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Mathews punches it straight to mid-on
25.2
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, it spins into Kusal Mendis and he tucks it to the on-side for a run
25.1
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, no run, steers it straight to backward point
24.6
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, pulls it straight to deep square leg for a single
24.5
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, goes back and steers it fine of deep point for a brace
24.4
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, pulls again and finds Jonny at deep mid-wicket again. He has been splendid in the deep, saves two for his team again
24.3
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, no run, works it straight to square leg
24.2
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, offie, spinning into Kusal Mendis. He goes back and pulls it wide of deep mid-wicket. Jonny there puts in a dive and stops it from going further. He saves two runs for his side
24.1
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, works it with the spin to the on-side for a single
23.6
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, flatter and on the stumps, Mathews tucks it to the on-side
23.5
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, mistimes the cut to cover
23.4
Adil Rashid to Mathews, FOUR, much-needed boundary for Mathews. This might give him some confidence. It was well toss up and was on the stumps, Mathews clears his leg and lofts it over mid-on. He doesn't time it as well as he would have liked but put enough power behind it to clear the man
23.3
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, drives it down the ground
23.2
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, fuller and spinning away from Mathews, he comes forward and opens the face of the bat a touch to guide it fine of short third. 100 comes up for Sri Lanka
23.1
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, comes down and punches it down the ground
22.6
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, lots of revs on this delivery and it spins back in sharply. Kusal Mendis goes on the back foot and pushes it to the off-side
22.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, works it with the spin to the on-side, another single
22.4
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, short and on the stumps, Kusal Mendis goes back and pulls it to deep square leg, fails to find the gap. Woakes moved to his left and picked it up cleanly
22.3
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, offie on the stumps, Mathews uses his feet to come down and pushes it straight to long-on
22.2
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, comes on the front foot and knocks it down to long-on
22.1
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, fuller and targeting the stumps, Mathews stays put and nudges it to the on-side
21.6
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, another punch down the ground. He will retain the strike
21.5
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, punches it down the ground
21.4
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, he has been too short so far. Mathews rocks back and cuts it to the off-side. Highest score for Mathews in this World Cup! He has had a World Cup to forget thus far
21.3
Adil Rashid to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, sharp spin for Adil Rashid on that leggie, it was bowled slow though and Kusal Mendis had the extra time to go back and punch it wide of cover
21.2
Adil Rashid to Mathews, 1 run, quicker one wide of off, Mathews mistimes the cut shot. It ends up wide of cover and they will take a single
21.1
Adil Rashid to Mathews, no run, lots of flight and spinning away from Mathews, he leaves it alone
20.6
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, goes back and works it to the on-side for a single. Tidy over from Moeen!
20.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, charges down the track this time, Moeen Ali saw that and bowled it on the stumps. Mathews could only push it to mid-wicket
20.4
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 2 runs, this one was marginally short, Mathews goes back and cuts it wide of deep backward point. He will come back for a brace
20.3
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, a good stride forward to reach the pitch of it and defends it back with a straight bat
20.2
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Mathews pushes it back
20.1
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, works it with the spin to short fine
19.6
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller length delivery on the stumps, Kusal Mendis tucks it to the on-side
19.5
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, that's a terrible delivery from Stokes. He knows that. It deserved to be punished and Kusal Mendis did exactly that. It was a full-toss and was wide of off, Kusal Mendis transfers his weight forward and drives it wide of mid-off. No need to run for that
19.4
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and around off, Kusal Mendis pushes it to the off-side
19.3
Stokes to Mathews, 1 run, short and on the body, Mathews hops in the crease a touch and pulls it to deep backward square leg for a single
19.2
Stokes to Mathews, no run, touch fuller of good length and wide of off, Mathews takes a decent stride forward and pushes it to cover. Didn't time it well at all. With the way he is batting, you can feel that he isn't in good touch!
19.1
Stokes to Mathews, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Mathews comes forward and defends it to the off-side
18.6
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, Mathews plants his front forward on this delivery and knocks it down the ground to retain the strike. He will much happy against the spinners
18.5
Moeen Ali to Mathews, no run, offie on the stumps, Mathews comes forward and works it to square leg
18.4
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, fuller and wider, Kusal Mendis tonks it down the ground for a single
18.3
Moeen Ali to Mathews, 1 run, this one was turning into Mathews and he works it with the turn to the on-side for a single
18.2
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, width provided on this delivery and Kusal Mendis steers it fine of short third for a single
18.1
Moeen Ali to Kusal Mendis, no run, offie targeting the stumps, Kusal Mendis plunges forward and blocks it
17.6
Stokes to Mathews, no run, slight change in action from Stokes, it was wide of off and Mathews drives it to mid-off
17.5
Stokes to Mathews, no run, on a good length and wide of off, left alone
17.4
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, Stokes went wide of the crease this time. He bowled it on a back of a length and on the stumps, Kusal Mendis tucks it to the on-side and charged for a single. Ball didn't go far and Stokes went swiftly to his right, picked up the ball cleanly and attempted a direct hit at the non striker's end. He fails to nail it. Kusal Mendis would have been out had Stokes smashed the stumps
17.3
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Kusal Mendis stays put in the crease and blocks it to the off-side
17.2
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, no run, another delivery on a fuller length, it was attacking the stumps and Kusal Mendis flicks it straight to mid-wicket. Timing was good but not the placement
17.1
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, no run, on a fuller length and attacking the stumps, Kusal Mendis comes forward and clips it straight to mid-wicket
16.6
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, much fuller this time, it was wide of off. Mathews plays it late and taps it to backward point with soft hands. He was looking for a single but Kusal Mendis sends him back
16.5
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, on a back of a length and around off, Mathews gets behind that delivery and pushes it back with a straight bat
16.4
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, oh dear! Mark Wood takes a tumble again. It was on a short of length and was targeting the face, Kusal Mendis stands tall and tucks it to the on-side for a single
16.3
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, no run, now on a good length, it moves away off the seam and Kusal Mendis did well not to poke at it. Into the hands of keeper
16.2
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, no run, absolutely nails the yorker, that was a serious delivery. Kusal Mendis gets his bat down just in time and keeps it out
16.1
Mark Wood to Mathews, 1 run, Mark Wood takes a tumble again. The frequency of that happening is staggering. It was on a short of length, Mathews pulls it to deep square leg
15.6
Stokes to Mathews, 1 run, Mathews is finally off the mark! Sits back to this shorter length delivery and dabs it softly towards mid-wicket
15.5
Stokes to Mathews, no run, shortish and outside off, Mathews stays in the crease and blocks crisply
15.4
Stokes to Mathews, no run, shortish and closer to off stump, Mathews hangs back and blocks this to point
15.3
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, a bit too straight in line and it's clipped behind square leg for a single
15.2
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, no run, Mendis nearly ran himself out! Went searching for a non-existent single but Mathews was never interested and rightly so. The former then goes back late and the mid-on fielder can't nail the direct hit. Would have been close otherwise. Was a fuller ball around off stump, worked in front of mid-on and Mendis was desperate for the single
15.1
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, FOUR, clubbed! Too full from Stokes and Mendis takes full toll with a fiery drive. Uppish but well wide of short extra cover and to the left of mid-off as well. Went like a bullet to the fence
14.6
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, fuller length and Mathews digs out the drive on the bounce past Wood who gets a hand on it. Mid-off gets across to mop it up
14.5
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, beautifully bowled! Went wide of the crease, Wood, as he angled this cross-seamer around off stump. Moves away late as Mathews pushed at it from the crease. So very near to the edge
14.4
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, fullish, angled in on off stump and Mathews is solid in his front foot defence
14.3
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, fiery bumper, right at Mathews's head and the veteran does well to duck under it. He continues to stay on nought
14.2
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, banged in shorter at 142kph, Mendis swivels to control the pull through square leg
14.1
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, 2 runs, fuller and angled in from outside off, squares up Mendis a bit as he tries to steer this. In the process, gets it between deep point and a fine third man. Wood meanwhile tumbles onto the ground for one more time
13.6
Stokes to Mathews, no run, cuts back in from a good length, Mathews trusts the bounce and offers no shot
13.5
Stokes to Mathews, no run, goes fuller this time, the sucker ball but Mathews wisely lets it pass
13.4
Stokes to Mathews, no run, jaffa from Stokes! Kind of delivery that he produces once in a while out of nowhere and it's bamboozled the best of batsmen many a time. Angles this in from just outside off and gets it to straighten with sharp bounce, Mathews's footwork is in a tangle as he is beaten neck and crop. Top nut!
13.3
Stokes to Mathews, no run, bangs this short, not that pacy off the pitch and allows Mathews to duck with ease
13.2
Stokes to Mathews, no run, angled in from outside off, Mathews stays in the crease and defends firmly back to Stokes
13.1
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, back of a length wider outside off, Mendis dabs with an open face down to third man
12.6
Mark Wood to Mathews, no run, goes really full, searching for the yorker and it's nearly a good one. Mathews gets his bat down in time to dig it out
12.5
Mark Wood to Avishka Fernando, out Caught by Adil Rashid!! What a brain fade stroke! A dismissal that sums up Sri Lanka's batting woes in recent years. Fernando was set, stroking them so ominously and then, he does this. Was a well-directed short ball from Wood, cramped the batsman and Fernando just ended up attempting the ramp. Never a great idea when you aren't having room and all he managed was to lob it up towards third man. As Nasser Hussain said on air, he would have been better served if he had gone hard on the cut. Waste of a wicket wkt (3-62) min (50m). Avishka Fernando c Adil Rashid b Mark Wood 49(39) [4s-6 6s-2]
12.4
Mark Wood to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, fuller and outside off, induces the drive from Fernando who is on control on the shot through cover. Sweeper cover gets around
12.3
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, back of a length once more and Mendis plays this late down to third man. Got it finer but Rashid near the fence was quick to get to his left to prevent the second run
12.2
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, no run, continues to persist with the shorter length, fended from the crease towards point
12.1
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, no run, full and angling in on off stump, push-driven towards mid-off
11.6
Stokes to Avishka Fernando, no run, shortish length once more, climbs onto Fernando who gets into a slight tangle in defence on the back foot
11.5
Stokes to Avishka Fernando, no run, full and angling in from outside off, Fernando doesn't move his feet much as he blocks this in front of his eyes
11.4
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, a harmless drag down and Mendis crouches a bit to shovel-pull this to deep square leg
11.3
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, no run, goes fuller this time and Mendis plays around the front pad in defence
11.2
Stokes to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, shortish once more and Fernando got squared up a touch as he dabbed this down to third man
11.1
Stokes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, starts with his favorite length, hits the deck and rushes Mendis who gets it down to third man
10.6
Mark Wood to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, off the edge but no slips in place! Fernando will argue that this was intentional, he certainly did open the bat face as well but clearly got rushed by Wood's pace. Ended up getting a healthy nick that went finer than intended and with nobody in slips, it races away down to the third man fence
10.5
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, shortish and bounces a bit as well, Mendis controls the bounce with a steer down to third man
10.5
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, wide, wayward from Wood as he spills this well down the leg-side, Mendis can't get the flick away
10.4
Mark Wood to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, skiddy good length delivery and it's bunted to the right of point for an easy single
10.3
Mark Wood to Avishka Fernando, no run, rears up slightly from a good length as Fernando looks to defend from the crease. Off the splice towards point
10.2
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, pitched up and drifting onto the pads, nonchalantly flicked to deep square leg
10.1
Mark Wood to Kusal Mendis, no run, full and angling in around off stump, solidly defended off the front foot
9.6
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, nearly cleaned him up! Almost the perfect yorker from Archer, 144kph as well, just marginally outside off stump as Fernando fails to get his bat down in time. Probably was surprised by the change in length. Archer grunts in despair, he almost had his man
9.5
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, SIX, oh my word, whatta hit! He's striking them in such a glorious manner! This was a proper short ball and probably quicker than what Archer has been today, Fernando just swivels across for the pull and connects really well. Makes full use of the pace on offer and it's another huge hit into the crowd at long leg
9.4
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, hammered over mid-wicket! Fernando continues to delight. Short of a length and he sits back to launch the pull by standing tall. I must say that Archer hasn't bowled that fast today, seems to be bowling within himself for some reason
9.3
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, shortish and wider outsid off, Mendis reaches out and dabs it down to third man
9.2
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and closer to off stump, Mendis moves across a bit and defends
9.1
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, floats it up fuller around off, Mendis's finds mid-off with the drive
8.6
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, fuller and leg stumpish as well, Fernando misses the flick as this dribbles off the pads to mid-wicket
8.5
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, continues to plug away on off stump from a good length, Fernando rises on his toes and defends
8.4
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, back of a length outside off, this time Fernando gets behind the line and blocks solidly
8.3
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, another leading edge! How many have we seen already? Shows the dryness and slow nature of the track I suppose. Fernando was sitting back to this shorter length ball and closed the bat face early
8.2
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, has got hold of this one! Slightly short and Fernando quickly stands tall to pull this over square leg. Emphasis was on clearing the infield and he did that quite easily. He's providing the much-needed impetus to this innings with some fluid strokeplay
8.1
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, hasn't middled this that well but manages to bisect mid-wicket and mid-on with this aerial flick. Was a fuller one on off stump and Fernando wanted to whip it away squarer perhaps. Gets a brace nevertheless
7.6
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, soft leading edge but it trickles towards cover. Mendis would have been in trouble if he had missed this one. It was angled into him from a fuller length and he did fall across a bit on the flick. Closed the bat face early as well
7.5
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length slanting in around off, Mendis stays back and dabs it to point
7.4
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, fourth stump line, straightens a touch as Mendis shoulders arms
7.3
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, fuller and outside off, Mendis cannot time the drive that well and picks out mid-off
7.2
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, off the bottom part of the blade and Stokes at gully makes a good stop. Mendis was in two minds whether to play or leave, and eventually couldn't get the blade out of the way
7.1
Jofra Archer to Kusal Mendis, no run, goes fuller and outside off, Mendis leans forward to defend with a slight shuffle
6.6
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, angled in on a length around off stump, defended well from the crease
6.5
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, Fernando is in the mood alright! He's putting on an exhibition. Fuller and around middle, he leans forward and exhibits a classic straight drive. Pure and classy
6.4
Woakes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, shortish and on leg stump this time, tucked away down to fine leg
6.3
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, edged but wide of the two slips! There was a third slip in Woakes' previous over and decided to remove one for Fernando. Don't think it would have carried though. Woakes bowled this from wide of the crease and got this to move away late after the initial inward angle. Fernando pushed at it and got a thick edge down to third man
6.2
Woakes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, tumbling stop by Archer at mid-on but he does well to keep the batsmen to a single. Was an overcooked delivery on middle and leg, Mendis overbalanced a bit on the flick but timed it well, only to be denied by some decent fielding
6.1
Woakes to Kusal Mendis, no run, back of a length around the fifth stump line, jags away late as Mendis lets it pass
5.6
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, shot of the game so far! Wow! This wasn't a half volley at all but Fernando got forward and on top of the bounce nicely to punch this through cover. Sublimely done and it speeds away to the fence in no time. Fernando showing his class, certainly has abundant talent but can he convert it into something substantial?
5.5
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, SIX, that's into the top tier! Another short ball and this time Fernando takes it on with the swivel-pull. Picked the length early and dispatched it into the crowd at fine leg. Massive hit
5.4
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, woof! The bouncer is here and Fernando quickly evades this by swaying away. Looked ungainly but managed to execute what he wanted to
5.3
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, this is a good duel now. Archer's turn to up the tempo as he gets this to hold its line from around off, tentative poke from Fernando and is beaten
5.2
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, crunched! What a reply from Fernando! Not all that short but he got on top of the bounce with a smashing punch on the up through cover. Struck it so sweetly
5.1
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, cracking delivery! One of Archer's specials, angled in from fourth stump line as Fernando pushed inside the line. Beaten by a mile
4.6
Woakes to Kusal Mendis, no run, late away movement from a good length but Mendis does well to counter it. Plays it late off the back foot in defence to cover
4.5
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, slightly short of a fuller length as Fernando pushes with hard hands to squirt an inside edge to mid-wicket
4.4
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, another pleasing stroke. Fernando stands tall for the back foot punch once again and places this much straighter, past Woakes as mid-off chases it down
4.3
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, almost a run out! The second run was always a risk but Kusal Mendis makes it back in time largely thanks to a slower throw. Was a fine shot from Fernando though, punched it sweetly off the back foot to mid-on where Archer made a good half-stop, parrying it to mid-off who was a bit sluggish
4.2
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, back of a length on off stump, Fernando stays back and blocks
4.1
Woakes to Kusal Mendis, 1 run, strays on the pads and Mendis milks it down to fine leg with a neat glance
3.6
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, shorter length once more and this time, Fernando gets right behind the line in defence
3.5
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, angling in on middle and leg, Fernando shuffles across and defends
3.4
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, fourth stump line once more, this straightens a bit after pitching, another leave
3.3
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, he's getting it to move both ways! The speeds haven't been as high as Archer usually clocks but he is getting them in the right areas. This jags back from a shortish length as Fernando offers no shot. Cuts back in and goes well over the off stump
3.2
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, loose from Fernando! This shapes away from a good length and bounces a bit as well. He just went for a lazy waft that was an outrageous choice of stroke to be honest. Lucky not to nick it
3.1
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, back of a length, Fernando sits back and pats it to point
2.6
Woakes to Kusal Mendis, no run, pitched right up around off stump, Mendis defends solidly off the front foot
2.5
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, shortish and wide outside off, steered with an open face down to third man
2.4
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, quite full and outside off, jammed out towards the mid-off fielder
2.3
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a good length outside off, Fernando hangs back and defends to point
2.2
Woakes to Kusal Perera, out Caught by Moeen Ali!! Shocker of a shot from Perera and Sri Lanka have been dented early. There was width on offer, guaranteed, but he just went for a flashy cut. It's the style that he plays with but having lost his skipper just a few deliveries ago, Perera could have shown more restraint. Especially as the openers have been the only form batsmen for SL in this World Cup. Instead, Perera goes for the risky slice and finds Moeen at third man perfectly wkt (2-3) min (12m). Kusal Perera c Moeen Ali b Woakes 2(6)
2.1
Woakes to Kusal Perera, no run, struck on the pad but it's pitched outside leg and the impact is high as well. Woakes got this to straighten after pitching and Perera was stuck in his crease as he looked to play across the line
1.6
Jofra Archer to Karunaratne, out Caught by Buttler!! Edged and taken! This is a massive wicket, considering the kind of glue Karunaratne is to this fragile Sri Lankan batting line-up. Archer continues to deliver for England, this was the away-dipper from a good length, moved late as Karunaratne pushed tentatively at it. Only manages a thick edge that's comfortably pouched by Buttler wkt (1-3) min (9m). Karunaratne c Buttler b Jofra Archer 1(8)
1.5
Jofra Archer to Karunaratne, no run, banged in shorter this time, leg stumpish and Karunaratne ducks under. Not much pace on this pitch if the early signs are anything to go by. SL will be glad if it stays this way
1.4
Jofra Archer to Karunaratne, no run, shortish and good bounce on this one, defended off the back foot on the leg-side
1.3
Jofra Archer to Kusal Perera, 1 run, sharp work from mid-wicket with the rifle throw at the keeper's end but Karunaratne gets back quite easily. Was a good call from Perera to begin with, nudged it towards the leg-side and promptly called his skipper across. Karunaratne was a bit slow to take off but charged through as his opposite number hit the bulls-eye
1.2
Jofra Archer to Kusal Perera, no run, hits the bat hard from a good length as Perera tries to defend
1.1
Jofra Archer to Kusal Perera, no run, starts with a good length delivery on fourth stump line, probing start from Archer as he gets this to move away a fraction. Perera did well to leave this alone
0.6
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, floats it fuller this time to induce the drive, hint of inward movement as Karunaratne confidently shoulders arms
0.5
Woakes to Kusal Perera, 1 run, shortish in length this time outside off, Perera tucks it in front of square leg to get off the mark
0.4
Woakes to Karunaratne, 1 run, nips in a bit from middle and leg, Karunaratne nudges it softly towards mid-wicket for a quick single. Sri Lanka are away
0.3
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, quite full again, straighter lines and Karunaratne gets a soft leading edge towards cover
0.2
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, fuller this time, Karunaratne leans forward and blocks firmly to cover
0.1
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, stifled appeal! England thought there was an inside edge there but that came purely off the thigh pad. Some inward shape for Woakes to begin with and Karunaratne was caught on the crease as he tried to defend. Whizzed through to Buttler
Commnetary
Mark Wood,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,James Vince,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Jofra Archer
Malinga,Mathews,Pradeep,Udana,Perera,Avishka Fernando,J Mendis,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
