49.6
Amir to Mujeeb, 2 runs, low full toss, driven to long-on, Shinwari races back for the second, throw is wide to Sarfaraz from the deep, he tries to flick it back onto the stumps, misses, no one backing up, but Mujeeb collides with Sarfaraz and goes to ground, so couldn't get the overthrow
49.5
Amir to Mujeeb, no run, off pace delivery and Mujeeb can't read, beaten
49.4
Amir to Mujeeb, FOUR, edged and wide of the keeper. Four valuable runs. Mujeeb threw his bat at this full delivery and got a thick edge that went fine enough to beat third man
49.3
Amir to Mujeeb, no run, and again! Slower delivery outside off stump, Mujeeb tries to reach out and push, won't connect
49.2
Amir to Mujeeb, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Mujeeb misses. This is frustrating for Amir
49.1
Amir to Mujeeb, no run, fullish and angling across, Mujeeb fails to gets bat on ball
48.6
Riaz to Shinwari, no run, oh what happened there? Driven all the way to deep cover. They don't take the run. Shocking. Oh wait! Shinwari is pointing to the scoreboard at the ground. It shows one more ball remaining that caused all the confusion. Unfair for the batsman. But they won't rebowl this delivery. It's a dot. Shinwari will be off-strike next over
48.5
Riaz to Mujeeb, 1 run, and again, sticks exposed, Riaz goes for the target, Mujeeb gets his bat down in time to edge it to third man
48.4
Riaz to Mujeeb, no run, runs away from the stumps expecting a short ball, Riaz bowls a yorker, dug out to point
48.3
Riaz to Mujeeb, no run, Riaz tries the yorker again, just misses the off stump.
48.3
Riaz to Mujeeb, wide, fired down the leg-side,
48.2
Riaz to Hamid, out Bowled!! Should Shinwari have farmed strike? Unplayable yorker from round the wicket. Hitting the base of middle and off. Hamid wouldn't bend to get bat down in time. Can Riaz knock one more over and prevent Afghanistan from going beyond 230? Shinwari, at the non-striker's end now, can really strike big wkt (9-219) min (9m). Hamid b Riaz 1(3)
48.1
Riaz to Shinwari, 1 run, yorker on the leg stump, Shinwari tucks it to short mid-wicket
47.6
Amir to Shinwari, 1 run, down on one knee to slog it along the ground to long-on
47.5
Amir to Shinwari, no run, slower delivery slanted across, left alone. Shinwari thought it was a wide but it went just inside
47.4
Amir to Hamid, 1 run, full delivery outside off stump, Hamid drives it to long-on
47.3
Amir to Hamid, no run, slower delivery, Hamid almost dances as he is foxed by the change of pace, luckily it was outside off stump
47.2
Amir to Shinwari, 1 run, low full toss, Shinwari jams it out through mid-on, wants two, not happy with Hamid
47.1
Amir to Shinwari, FOUR, that'll help. A big inside edge that almost shaves the off stump, frustrating for the bowler. Amir bowled full, Shinwari slogged really hard, got away with the edge
46.6
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, 1 run, works this off-pace delivery along the ground to deep mid-wicket
46.5
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, yorker well outside off stump, Shinwari swings and misses
46.4
Shaheen Afridi to Rashid Khan, out Caught by Fakhar Zaman!! Gee he timed this so well. Completely foxed Rashid, who was so early into the attempted loft after the back and across movement, the ball went up a mile but Fakhar was calm under it as he swallowed the ball at mid-off. Number four for Afridi. What a display of bowling wkt (8-210) min (11m). Rashid Khan c Fakhar Zaman b Shaheen Afridi 8(12) [4s-1]
46.3
Shaheen Afridi to Rashid Khan, no run, oh Rashid didn't even look at this ball as he ducked under the short delivery, down the leg-side
46.2
Shaheen Afridi to Rashid Khan, 2 runs, Rashid lofts clearing the front foot, overpitched delivery, Shaheen Afridi gets away with it and Rashid doesn't time it nicely, sends it to deep cover
46.1
Shaheen Afridi to Rashid Khan, no run, slower delivery outside off stump, Rashid tries to advance and hit, misses
45.6
Amir to Rashid Khan, 1 run, flicked to mid-wicket, and he has to rush to the bowler's end before the throw came
45.5
Amir to Rashid Khan, FOUR, whipped this away nicely as Amir bowled full, the ball races away through mid-wicket
45.4
Amir to Rashid Khan, no run, slower delivery, Rashid checks his defence. Yes you need to play out the overs, but you also need to rotate strike
45.3
Amir to Rashid Khan, no run, short of length delivery just outside off stump, Rashid punches it to point
45.2
Amir to Rashid Khan, no run, a funny "noooo" with the bat pointing towards Shinwari from Rashid after defending this short of length delivery to the right of the bowler
45.1
Amir to Rashid Khan, no run, slower delivery on the off stump, Rashid defends
44.6
Shaheen Afridi to Rashid Khan, 1 run, slower delivery on the stumps, Rashid flicks it to square leg
44.5
Shaheen Afridi to Rashid Khan, no run, oh Rashid Khan tries to duck and the ball smashes the back of the helmet I suppose. Or was is just off the back? Looks fine, this wasn't all that short to duck, the ball lobs to the keeper
44.4
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, out Bowled!! Dragged on, third wicket for Shaheen Afridi. This was always bound to happen. If you don't move your front foot forward, you won't get into good positions to drive the ball, just threw his hands at this looking for an off-side four, hears the death rattle instead. In fact edge onto boot and onto the stumps. A fine hand from Najibullah, but Afghanistan needed him to carry on to push beyond 240. Big wicket for Pakistan wkt (7-202) min (75m). Najibullah b Shaheen Afridi 42(54) [4s-6]
44.3
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, FOUR, this is a really good hit. Not easy to slice over backward point off the front foot, Najibullah stayed leg-side to give himself a bit of room and smashed it over backward point
44.2
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, slog and miss, Sarfaraz appeals softly, Shaheen Afridi shakes his head suggesting there was no edge. Najibullah played early and missed the slower delivery
44.1
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, 1 run, Afridi goes for the yorker, overpitches outside off stump, Shinwari drives to deep cover
43.6
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, 1 run, flighted delivery from Shadab Khan, Shinwari drives it to long-off
43.5
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, 1 run, the reverse sweep again, toe-ended this time to mid-off
43.4
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, 1 run, punched off the back foot to sweeper cover
43.3
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, no run, spinning away outside off stump, driven to backward point
43.2
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Najibullah drives it to the off-side
43.1
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, 1 run, flighted delivery just outside off stump, Shinwari defends to cover
42.6
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, very full delivery outside off stump, Najibullah drives it to cover
42.5
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, 1 run, flicked to mid-wicket
42.4
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, dropped! Hit hard, oops! That could be hurting. Slower delivery, Shinwari smashed it very straight, Shaheen Afridi tried to get his hands up in his followthrough and hit him close to the wrist
42.4
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, wide, tries to get to bounce from back of a length but fires down the leg-side
42.3
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, yorker on the stumps, Shinwari digs it out to the right of the bowler
42.2
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, play and a miss, seam movement away from the right-hander on this length delivery and Shinwari was beaten on the attempted front foot push through the off-side
42.1
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, very full and outside off stump, Shinwari squeezes it to point
41.6
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, 1 run, shortish and spinning away outside off stump, Shinwari cuts to sweeper cover
41.5
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, 1 run, another reverse sweep to this low full toss, played to deep backward point
41.4
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, 2 runs, really nice drive to sweeper cover, Shinwari rushes and is home before the throw arrived at his end
41.3
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, no run, where's he running? Najibullah missed the sweep, hit on the pad, there was an appeal for LBW, not given and the batsman wanted a run when the ball went almost straight to short third man. LBW ruled out because it was a googly that was missing off
41.2
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off stump, Shinwari pushes it to sweeper cover
41.1
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, no run, defended into the off-side
40.6
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, low full toss, Najibullah is kind enough to flick it straight to short mid-wicket
40.5
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, 1 run, oh a fumble at short mid-wicket, the fielder failed to bend in time, allows a single
40.4
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, slower delivery on the stumps, Shinwari uppishly defends to short mid-wicket
40.3
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, oh how did that miss the off stump? Shinwari stayed back to this fullish delivery, should have been forward, tried to defend, missed the ball, so lucky not to be nicking off
40.2
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Shinwari pushes it to cover
40.1
Shaheen Afridi to Shinwari, no run, beaten, short of length delivery outside off stump, the slower delivery, Shinwari tries to push and misses the ball
39.6
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, no run, wristed to backward square leg
39.5
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, no run, leans forward and manages to defend this flighted delivery towards mid-on
39.5
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, wide, turns sharply, but does down the leg-side
39.4
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, no run, softly turns it to short fine leg
39.3
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, 1 run, overpitched delivery outside off stump, Shinwari drives to sweeper cover
39.2
Shadab Khan to Shinwari, no run, googly and just outside off stump, Shinwari defends off the front foot
39.1
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg stump, Najibullah turns it to backward square leg
38.6
Riaz to Najibullah, 1 run, very full and on the stumps, Najibullah flicks it to deep square leg
38.5
Riaz to Shinwari, 1 run, overpitched delivery outside off stump, Shinwari drives it to deep cover. Riaz not happy with Fakhar for the throw that came fast and pitched slow close to him. Just tapped it with one hand and remember, he's carrying an injury
38.4
Riaz to Najibullah, 1 run, inside edge onto pad, almost sneaked throguh. He's so adamant that he won't move his front foot forward to cover the line, tries to defend, gets an inside edge that rolls to short mid-wicket
38.3
Riaz to Najibullah, no run, the bumper, but Najibullah isn't getting into a tangle trying to pull, lets it pass
38.2
Riaz to Najibullah, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Najibullah stands tall and punches it to backward point
38.1
Riaz to Najibullah, no run, Riaz tries the inswinging yorker, Najibullah defends it out to the bowler, who gives him a long stare
37.6
Imad Wasim to Shinwari, no run, the slider that comes in, Shinwari defends off the inner half of the bat. Imad Wasim ends 10-0-48-2
37.5
Imad Wasim to Shinwari, no run, Shinwari is very watchful in his back foot defence
37.4
Imad Wasim to Najibullah, 1 run, round the wicket now, drilled to long-on
37.3
Imad Wasim to Najibullah, FOUR, no one at extra-cover and Najibullah takes the opportunity to get another boundary. There were two fielders fairly close in at cover, but Najibullah, although he didn't control the drive, split them to perfection
37.2
Imad Wasim to Najibullah, no run, much better length, flighted delivery outside off stump, Najibullah tries to defend, had to reach out a long way
37.1
Imad Wasim to Najibullah, FOUR, low full toss and it's another reverse sweep, Imad Wasim keeps firing them and Najibullah makes good use of the pace on offer to send it to the right of short third man
36.6
Riaz to Najibullah, 1 run, helped away to fine leg, didn't control the short ball
36.5
Riaz to Shinwari, 1 run, outside edge and it's going wide of the lone slip fielder, Shinwari was opened up with this short of length delivery that seemed to have left him late
36.4
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, out Caught by Amir!! That is an excellent catch from Amir at fine leg. Not easy to pick up the ball with the stands in the background, but he ran a few steps left and forward, dived low to take it with both hands. The dangerous Mohammad Nabi tried to pull this short ball to the fence, didn't go through fully with the shot, Amir was pretty sharp at fine leg. Delight in the Pakistan camp. Big dent to Afghanistan's hopes of posting 240 wkt (6-167) min (53m). Mohammad Nabi c Amir b Riaz 16(33)
36.3
Riaz to Najibullah, 1 run, lovely yorker, but Najib was ready to drive off the front foot to mid-on
36.2
Riaz to Najibullah, no run, shortish delivery outside off stump, Najibullah drops his hands and lets it pass. Didn't look at that ball, has to
36.1
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Mohammad Nabi punches it to deep point
36.1
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, wide, short delivery down the leg-side, Mohammad Nabi misses the glance
35.6
Imad Wasim to Najibullah, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Najibullah defends into the off-side
35.5
Imad Wasim to Najibullah, no run, beaten, a yorker, just misses the off stump, the keeper couldn't save that
35.4
Imad Wasim to Najibullah, FOUR, what a shot! This bloke has a lot of talent. Imad Wasim came over the wicket to the left-hander, there is no third man, so Najibullah backed himself with the reverse sweep and hit it very hard past the man at 45
35.3
Imad Wasim to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, leg-side delivery, Mohammad Nabi easily flicks to short fine leg
35.2
Imad Wasim to Mohammad Nabi, no run, gets his front foot forward and flicks gently to short mid-wicket
35.1
Imad Wasim to Mohammad Nabi, no run, comes round the wicket and delivers a flatter delivery on the stumps, Mohammad Nabi defends
34.6
Riaz to Najibullah, no run, covers the line and manages to defend
34.5
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short delivery on the leg stump, Mohammad Nabi doesn't control the pull to fine leg
34.4
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, no run, watchfully punched to cover
34.3
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, no run, oh defends so late that this almost threatens to bounce back onto the sticks, was a back of a length delivery that bounced a touch
34.2
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, leg byes, 4, off the thigh pad, Sarfaraz can't stop despite a dive and he's livid with the bowler. He gives a "Kyaa yaar," kind of expression to Riaz because he bowled down the leg-side. Mohammad Nabi missed the tickle and it took the thigh pad
34.1
Riaz to Mohammad Nabi, 2 runs, Mohammad Nabi uses the angle Riaz is giving with from over the wicket and steers to the right of third man for a brace
33.6
Amir to Najibullah, no run, another uppish drive, but this is timed to mid-off
33.5
Amir to Najibullah, FOUR, oh he flicks uppishly, the front foot still not moving. That's how he bats. Stays rooted the crease, if he had moved his feet forward, the balance would have been there to control the flick shot, luckily he hits to the left of the catching man inside the ring
33.4
Amir to Najibullah, no run, fullish delivery outside off stump, Najibullah guides it to backward point
33.4
Amir to Najibullah, wide, Amir tries to trouble Najibullah with a bumper, but the ump doesn't like the height on that
33.3
Amir to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, neatly defended with an angled bat past backward point and a soft call of "yeah" for a run
33.2
Amir to Najibullah, 1 run, no feet and he tries to slog, gets a thickish inside edge that rolls to long leg
33.1
Amir to Najibullah, no run, length ball to begin after the break, defended to point
32.6
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, 1 run, yorker jammed wide of cover for a single
32.5
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, slower length ball on off, defended to point. Came down looking for a single but was sent back
32.4
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, short of length around off, punched to backward point
32.4
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, wide, short ball down the leg-side, given as a wide for line. Also signalled first bouncer for the over
32.3
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, yorker tailing in on off, squeezed out to cover
32.2
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, flies off the outside edge in front of third man, Riaz gets around to cut it off. Pitched up outside off, Mohammad Nabi threw plenty on this attempted lofted drive
32.1
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, no run, length ball just outside off, blocked to point
31.6
Amir to Najibullah, no run, length ball outside off, punched to cover
31.5
Amir to Najibullah, no run, absolutely nails this off-drive but it went straight to mid-off
31.4
Amir to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, steered down to third man
31.3
Amir to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short of length across off, punched to short cover
31.2
Amir to Mohammad Nabi, no run, slower length ball across off, disguised with a grunt on delivery. Mohammad Nabi defends to short cover
31.1
Amir to Najibullah, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, Najibullah runs it down to third man
30.6
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short of length outside off, dabbed to backward point
30.5
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, no run, length ball wide of off, Mohammad Nabi swishes and misses
30.4
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, steered down to third man
30.3
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, FOUR, short of length around the waist, pulled behind square with his front leg in the air. Stylish whip round the corner, imparts lovely timing on it
30.2
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, pitched up around off, driven to mid-off
30.1
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, length ball just outside off, driven through to sweeper cover
29.6
Amir to Najibullah, no run, pitched up on off, driven to mid-on
29.5
Amir to Najibullah, no run, back of a length around off, mistimed off the inside half to Amir
29.4
Amir to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short of length around off, pulled through to deep square leg
29.3
Amir to Najibullah, 1 run, length ball outside off, driven through the covers
29.2
Amir to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off, punches it through to sweeper cover
29.1
Amir to Najibullah, 1 run, length ball outside off, flayed through point. Najibullah slips at the non-striker's end
28.6
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, 1 run, short of length outside off, stabbed through cover-point
28.5
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, jabbed to the left of point
28.5
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, wide, another short ball that's way too high
28.4
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, blocked to point
28.4
Shaheen Afridi to Najibullah, wide, way too short, sails over Najibullah
28.3
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short of length delivery outside off, glides this down to third man
28.2
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, no run, off the splice, pops up and falls well short of Afridi. Short of length, again troubling him with the extra bounce
28.1
Shaheen Afridi to Mohammad Nabi, no run, loud shout for caught-behind, as this ball kicks past Mohammad Nabi's bat shoulder! Excellent start to the spell from Afridi, cuts his fingers across it and fetches extra bounce. Was a whisker away from brushing Mohammad Nabi's thumb
27.6
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, no run, back of a length on leg stump, turned to backward square
27.5
Shadab Khan to Najibullah, no run, flat length ball turning in on middle, defended wide of short leg
27.4
Shadab Khan to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, Sarfaraz flails his hands in frustration. This could've been a chance had Fakhar moved across the turf quickly. Defended wide of cover, not the most convincing call for the single
27.3
Shadab Khan to Mohammad Nabi, no run, length ball outside off, defended to point
27.2
Shadab Khan to Mohammad Nabi, no run, short ball turning away outside off, cuts it to backward point
27.1
Shadab Khan to Mohammad Nabi, no run, length ball on off, defended to point
26.6
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, out Caught by Hafeez!! This is a poor shot from Ikram Ali. From the previous delivery, it was evident he was growing twitchy. Now he opts for a lofted shot, but this wasn't the delivery for it. This was too far wide outside off. Having made up his mind though, he went for it, and could only drag it as far as long-on, probably off the toe-end wkt (5-125) min (90m). Ikram Ali c Hafeez b Imad Wasim 24(66) [4s-1]
26.5
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, fired in on off, 96kph, Ikram sits on the back knee for a scoop. Oh boy, he ended up scooping it onto his own shoulder and the ball ballooned up. But Sarfaraz was looking behind, didn't realise what had happened
26.4
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, and fuller he goes.. Ikram defends down the pitch
26.3
Imad Wasim to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, short ball outside off, Mohammad Nabi slaps it through point. Sarfaraz clearly frustrated with this length, shouts at Imad to get it fuller
26.2
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, 1 run, gets down on one knee and sweeps it down to fine leg
26.1
Imad Wasim to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, length ball on off, patted wide of cover
25.6
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, Ikram struck on the pad after shimmying down. His use of the feet was enough of a deterrent for the umpire who says not out. But it's not enough of a deterrent for Shadab who convinces his skipper to go for the review. Not a bad review at all, for Ikram was struck on the back leg, so the three-meter rule wasn't in play. But according to ball-tracking, it's only clipping the top of the stumps. Wasn't much in that
25.5
Shadab Khan to Mohammad Nabi, 1 run, slightly short outside off, chopped through the covers
25.4
Shadab Khan to Mohammad Nabi, no run, overpitches this just outside off, driven to mid-on
25.3
Shadab Khan to Mohammad Nabi, no run, sharp turn from back of a length, Mohammad Nabi did well to withdraw his bat
25.2
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, out Bowled!! Shadab eventually has the better of him. From the outset, Afghan was looking to put the leg-spinner under pressure. Didn't want him to settle down. Got a few hits away to the fence as well. But this time, he didn't get the length he wanted as he stepped out. Still, Afghan didn't shy away from the leg-side swipe, only for the ball to skid past his inside edge onto off-stump. Shadab punches the air in celebration wkt (4-121) min (51m). Asghar Afghan b Shadab Khan 42(35) [4s-3 6s-2]
25.1
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, 1 run, shimmies down and drags it off the inside half through backward square
24.6
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, 1 run, punched down the ground to long-on
24.5
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, back of a length around off, Ikram waits on it and steers to backward point
24.4
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, stepped down the pitch but Imad pulled his length back well. Ikram resorts to a defensive dab down the pitch
24.3
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, tucked to square leg
24.2
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, drifts in on leg, Afghan works it past midwicket
24.1
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, 1 run, spinning in on middle, Ikram looking at-ease with the sweep shot. Helps it down to long leg
23.6
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, 1 run, turning down leg, Ikram helps the sweep fine to the left of long leg. Fielder was swift to cut down the angle though
23.5
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, flat length ball on middle, turned to short midwicket
23.4
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, drifting in at the stumps, swept through to long leg
23.3
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, 1 run, dances down to the pitch and drives to long-on
23.2
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, length ball skidding through on off and middle, blocked down the pitch
23.1
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, flighted up on off and middle, turned to short midwicket
22.6
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, no run, flat length ball outside off, chopped to cover
22.5
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, no run, this one has ripped from a good length! Properly ripped. Pushed through outside off, turns square and Afghan didn't get close to it in defence. Did well not to fall out of the crease
22.4
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, 1 run, flat on middle and leg, clipped round the corner
22.3
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, drifting in on middle and leg, Afghan turns it into the on-side
22.2
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, 1 run, Shadab kicks the turf in frustration as he fails to stop the single. Had tumbled across from short midwicket but it snuck through him
22.1
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, lunges forward and smothers it down the pitch
21.6
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, 1 run, nudges this round the corner
21.5
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, teasing leg-break flighted up outside off, Afghan went chasing after it and flat-batted the drive through cover. Any mischief off the pitch could've had him in trouble
21.4
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, no run, 91kph, length ball turning away from off, springs up on Afghan's forward defence and hits him high on the bat
21.3
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, no run, skids through from back of a length outside off, 89kph, Afghan mistimes the cut to backward point
21.2
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, 1 run, swept off the middle and leg stump line to long leg
21.1
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, full toss drifting in on leg, clips it through square leg for one
20.6
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, short ball around the shoulders, Afghan pulls along the ground through square leg
20.5
Riaz to Ikram Ali, 1 run, short of length around the chest, tucks it nicely behind square. Jumped in the crease to get on top of it
20.4
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, banged in short by Riaz, no change in Ikram's approach against this length. He ducks safely
20.3
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, short of length outside off, blocked down the pitch
20.2
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, full ball on leg stump, nudged to short midwicket
20.1
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, length ball at the top of off, turned through backward square by Afghan
19.6
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, back of a length, spins in sharply and traps Ikram on the back foot. Played right across the line of it. Would've missed leg though
19.5
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, loopy full toss at the stumps, Afghan quietly flicks it to deep square leg
19.4
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, no run, lovely flight on this leg-break, lands on a length and turns past the outside edge after drawing Afghan forward
19.3
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, 1 run, chops this googly through backward point
19.2
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, wasn't a great call for the single. A sharper fielder would've got them in trouble. But Hafeez wasn't quick to move at short cover, his throw wasn't great either. And so Ikram gets home
19.1
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, no run, length ball turning away from off, defended to short cover
18.6
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, length ball slanted in on leg, Ikram's upper-body falls over looking to flick and he takes it on the pad
18.5
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, sharp bouncer from Riaz, Ikram sees it early and gets under it
18.4
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, short of length around off, dragged back onto the pad off a thick inside edge
18.3
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, short of length on off, works this in front of mid-on. He puts pressure on Imam-ul-Haq with his running, brings about the fumble. Good, urgent cricket from Afghan
18.2
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, no run, dug in short by Riaz, Afghan ducks. Sarfaraz runs down for a word with his bowler
18.1
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, he's smoking 'em out there. Short and wide, lashes it through backward point. Everything seems to be coming off the middle for Afghan
17.6
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, flighted on off, Afghan dinks this into the short midwicket region. Runs through for a single
17.5
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, SIX, meaty blow from Asghar Afghan. Lovely use of the feet, uncluttered mind, swings it over long-on. Went way back into the stands. Hasn't allowed Shadab to settle, knows he can be a threat here
17.4
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, 1 run, tossed up at the stumps, just a little too full right now Shadab. Ikram pushes down to long-on
17.3
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, drifting in on leg, nudged through the square leg region
17.2
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, little shimmy to get to the pitch, drills it over extra cover. Afghan continues to remain positive
17.1
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, no run, overpitched around off, driven to short cover
16.6
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, short and quick around off, Ikram Ali looks to defend it and gets an inside edge on to his pads
16.5
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, sharp shooter, a bouncer by Riaz and the batsman is forced to take evasive action, Ikram Ali ducks underneath
16.4
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, slight hesitation between the two batsmen as the fielder at point throws himself to his left. Shadab couldn't stop the ball and hence the batsmen go ahead with a single, was a length ball that was steered with soft hands by the Asghar
16.3
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, no run, back of a length outside off, Asghar Afghan knocks it in front of cover, loud call for a 'no' by the striker
16.2
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, no run, too quick a delivery by Riaz, Asghar Afghan tries to work this one through the on side but gets struck on the thigh pad
16.1
Riaz to Asghar Afghan, no run, good carry on this back of a length delivery, kicks off the surface and beats the batsman's back foot punch. Lack of footwork was the reason why he got beaten on this occasion
15.6
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, this one has been worked towards mid-wicket by Ikram Ali. Good comeback by Shadab after conceding a boundary on the first ball
15.5
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, times his flick this time around but Hafeez does extremely well to stop it at mid-wicket
15.4
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, low full toss by Shadab Khan and it's been clipped to mid-wicket by Ikram Ali
15.3
Shadab Khan to Ikram Ali, no run, on his front foot in order to drive the loopy ball to mid-off
15.2
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, 1 run, squeeze-drives the tossed up delivery trough covers
15.1
Shadab Khan to Asghar Afghan, FOUR, Asghar Afghan trying to be positive. He's playing his shots and getting the boundaries too, doesn't matter how he gets 'em. A legbreak outside off and the batsman gets an outside edge through the vacant slip cordon as he plays a drive. Immediately a slip comes in place
14.6
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, Ikram continues to block as Riaz bowls this one on a good length around off, eased to point this time around
14.5
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, short of a length outside off, Ikram Ali slices it to point
14.4
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, sharp bouncer by Riaz, Ikram Ali ducks underneath. Riaz gives the batsman a stare but Ikram is seeing elsewhere
14.3
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, back of a length around off, Ikram Ali plays this one in front of point
14.2
Riaz to Ikram Ali, FOUR, edged for a boundary! On a length outside off, Ikram Ali plays this with soft hands and gets an outside edge that flies down to the third man fence
14.2
Riaz to Ikram Ali, wide, another one sliding down the leg side, Ikram Ali attempts a flick and misses
14.1
Riaz to Ikram Ali, no run, short and wide outside off, Ikram Ali times his square-cut but straight to the man at point
14.1
Riaz to Ikram Ali, wide, slides this one down the leg side, Ikram Ali walks way across and fails to connect his glance
13.6
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, a risky shot by Asghar survives. Tries to play a sweep shot and gets a top-edge that falls in no man's land at deep backward square leg. The fielder was inside the circle, hence he couldn't really reach there
13.5
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, no run, tad fuller around off, Asghar Afghan blocks it
13.4
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, SIX, this is the way he bats. Comes down the wicket and flicks the straighter delivery over deep mid-wicket, clean hit to clear the fence
13.3
Imad Wasim to Asghar Afghan, no run, drifting into the batsman around off, Asghar Afghan keeps his head steady and defends it
13.2
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, 1 run, creams this floated ball through covers
13.1
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, on his front foot in order to defend this one
12.6
Hafeez to Asghar Afghan, 2 runs, Asghar Afghan goes down on his knee and gets off the mark with a brace to long leg, wastes no time does the former Afghan captain
12.5
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, 1 run, punches the floated delivery through covers
12.4
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, no run, another delivery that was very close to the off-stump and kept straight, Ikram Ali was trying to cut this but got an inside edge that dropped next to the stumps after clipping his pads
12.3
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, no run, arm ball that was very close to the off-stump, Ikram Ali treks back and chops it to backward point
12.2
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, no run, sharp off-break by Hafeez and Ikram Ali somehow manages to block it by covering his stumps
12.1
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, 2 runs, nurdles the floated delivery with soft hands to fine leg for a couple of runs
11.6
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, out Caught by Babar Azam!! Rahmat Shah throws away his wicket after getting a start. Such a clever operator this bloke is. After bowling a number of in-drifters he bowls this one very slow. The batsman got deceived due to the lack of pace and hence a leading edge was induced as he tried to flick it across the line. Three down, are Afghanistanwkt (3-57) min (54m). Rahmat c Babar Azam b Imad Wasim 35(43) [4s-5]
11.5
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, FOUR, cheeky shot by Rahmat! Premeditates this one and scoops the floated ball to the fine leg fence. At the speed at which Imad bowls, it was definitely going to race away to the fence, which it did eventually
11.4
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, 1 run, this one kept straight, Ikram Ali was trying to work this one through the leg side but gets a leading edge that goes through point
11.3
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, on his front foot in order to ease the quicker one in front of backward point
11.2
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, 98ks, away-drifter that keeps a touch low, Ikram Ali stays back in his crease and slices it to short third
11.1
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 1 run, darted on middle and leg, Rahmat closes his bat face and manoevers it to fine leg
10.6
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, no run, lot slower through the air, sticks into the surface a touch, Ikram Ali hangs back in his crease and defends it into the off side
10.5
Hafeez to Rahmat, 1 run, skiddy off-break outside off, Rahmat treks back and punches it through covers for one more
10.4
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, 1 run, back in his crease to slap the short ball through covers
10.3
Hafeez to Rahmat, 1 run, puts on his dancing shoes and push-drives the floated ball to long-on
10.2
Hafeez to Ikram Ali, 1 run, flatter in trajectory around middle and leg, Ikram Ali clips it to square leg and opens his account on his 11th ball
10.1
Hafeez to Rahmat, 1 run, loopy delivery by Hafeez, it was dipping into the batsman who squeezes it down to long-on, just a single for Rahmat
9.6
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, beaten on the outside edge. This was fired outside off by the bowler and Ikram Ali gets beaten as he tries to defend it. Was so close to kissing that outside edge, missed by a whisker
9.5
Imad Wasim to Ikram Ali, no run, rocks back and knocks the darter back to Imad. He's yet to get off the mark
9.4
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 1 run, shimmies down the wicket to chip the floated delivery past the bowler. Was in the air for a while but had enough elevation to clear Imad
9.3
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, no run, on his front foot in order to block this one
9.2
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, no run, fired on leg, Rahmat tries to work across the line but the ball drifts in to beat him and strike his pads. Was clearly sliding down the leg side
9.1
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, no run, floated on middle and leg, Rahmat clips it to mid-wicket
8.6
Shaheen Afridi to Ikram Ali, no run, pokes at a length ball away from his body but gets beaten as the ball seams away to an extent, also the batsman was a tad late in his shot
8.5
Shaheen Afridi to Ikram Ali, no run, goes full against Ikram Ali who comes on his front foot to drive the ball back to Afridi
8.4
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, 1 run, 135kph, comes round the wicket and bowls a length ball, Rahmat works it through mid-wicket for one run
8.3
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, FOUR, every now and then Afridi is bowling a loose ball. Sprays in line and bowls this one on the batsman's pads, Rahmat makes sure to connect his glance as the ball runs away to the fine leg fence
8.2
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, no run, 136kph, tidy length around the off-stump line, Rahmat keeps his head steady and pats it to point
8.1
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, no run, 135kph, full in length outside off and the batsman drives it to the fielder at cover
7.6
Amir to Rahmat, 1 run, plays this back of a length ball with soft hands into the leg side and retains strike with a quick single
7.5
Amir to Rahmat, no run, yorker by Amir and the batsman does well to squeeze it down the pitch
7.4
Amir to Rahmat, no run, fullish ball outside outside off, Rahmat eases it to point once again
7.3
Amir to Rahmat, no run, touch shorter outside off, Rahmat stays back in his crease and plays this with his bat angled towards point
7.2
Amir to Rahmat, no run, tad fuller this time around, hint of inswing and the batsman defends it
7.1
Amir to Rahmat, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, nothing alarming in the delivery as it's been eased to point
6.6
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, 1 run, opens his bat face late and glides this down to third man
6.5
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, no run, angled across the batsman in the channel outside off, Rahmat has a look and lets the keeper do the rest
6.4
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, 2 runs, pulls the short ball off a top-edge towards deep mid-wicket, two more to the total as the fielder sprints across and gets rid of the ball quickly
6.3
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, FOUR, how good a track is this? The length ball skids along the deck nicely and Rahmat absolutely creams it straight down the ground. Four from the moment it left his bat
6.2
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, no run, bit tentative as he leans ahead and drives it to mid-off
6.1
Shaheen Afridi to Rahmat, no run, fullish around off, Rahmat goes for a drive but doesn't time it as he would have liked too
5.6
Amir to Ikram Ali, no run, Ikram Ali has been adjudged out! But there were two sounds and the batsman has gone up for the review straight away. Guess the umpire will have to overturn his decision. A huge inside edge shows UltraEdge and the batsman survives. Umpires feeling the heat! Already two wrong decisions in a matter of six overs. A length delivery around off and the batsman gets an inside edge on to his pads as he tries to defend it
5.5
Amir to Ikram Ali, no run, covers the stumps again and Ikram Ali pushes it to mid-on
5.4
Amir to Ikram Ali, no run, pitched up by Amir and it's been pushed to cover
5.3
Amir to Ikram Ali, no run, shaping away from the batsman outside off, Ikram Ali keeps his eyes on the ball and shoulders arms
5.2
Amir to Ikram Ali, no run, covers his stumps and works this one into the leg side
5.1
Amir to Rahmat, 1 run, creams his drive to mid-off for a single, brilliant diving stop by Hafeez to deny the boundary
4.6
Shaheen Afridi to Ikram Ali, leg byes, 4, not a great ball by Afridi. Doesn't get a hat-trick as he sprays this one down the leg side, Ikram can't connect his flick but the ball clips his pads and rolls down to the fine leg fence, Sarfaraz ain't happy with the bowler for bowling such a poor delivery
4.5
Shaheen Afridi to Shahidi, out Caught by Imad Wasim!! Two in two for Shaheen Shah Afridi! What an over this is turning out to be. He inflicted a similar kind of damage against New Zealand in the previous encounter too. Moreover, he's on a hat-trick. Was a length delivery around leg that straightened off the deck and the batsman gets a leading edge as he tries to flick it across the line. Mid-off takes an easy catch as the young pacer bags his second wkt (2-27) min (2m). Shahidi c Imad Wasim b Shaheen Afridi 0(1)
4.4
Shaheen Afridi to Gulbadin Naib, out Caught by Sarfaraz!! Pakistan have taken a review for a caught behind! Afridi was pretty sure that Gulbadin Naib had nicked it and the loud cheer by Pakistani fans says it all. Yup, there is an edge, indeed. UltraEdge confirms the same and the umpire has to overturn his decision. A full length outside off and the batsman goes for a drive away from his body. The ball kisses the bottom-edge and flies straight to the keeper. Good call by Pakistan to go for the review. For a moment it looked as if the bat hit the ground but the bowler convinces his captain to go for the review and makes it count wkt (1-27) min (22m). Gulbadin Naib c Sarfaraz b Shaheen Afridi 15(12) [4s-3]
4.3
Shaheen Afridi to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, Gulbadin Naib is off to a flier. Sees the width on offer and thumps the length delivery over mid-off for another cracking four
4.2
Shaheen Afridi to Gulbadin Naib, 2 runs, Afridi lets out his frustration. Gulbadin Naib had driven this one back to the bowler who gathers it and fires it at the batsman's end. Scores a direct-hit but Gulbadin Naib's bat was inside the crease. The ball hits the stumps and ricochets to fine leg as the batsmen take two overthrows
4.1
Shaheen Afridi to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, welcome into the attack Mr. Afridi! A widish delivery in the channel outside off and Gulbadin Naib plays an expansive drive past the fielder at mid-off. Lovely shot by the Afghan skipper, that
3.6
Amir to Rahmat, no run, transfers his weight on to the back foot and pats the back of a length delivery in front of point. After bowling a maiden, Amir gives away a couple of fours in his second over
3.5
Amir to Rahmat, no run, rock solid in his front foot defence as he finds the man at point
3.4
Amir to Rahmat, FOUR, it's hardly taken any time for the Afghanistan batsmen to get used to this pitch. All of a sudden there's a flurry of boundaries. Rahmat gets hold of the short ball and pulls it over deep mid-wicket for another boundary
3.3
Amir to Rahmat, no run, pitched across the batsman in the channel outside off, tad fuller and the batsman decides to shoulder arms
3.2
Amir to Rahmat, no run, on a length around off, Rahmat push-drives it back to Amir
3.1
Amir to Rahmat, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Afghanistan. An overpitched delivery by Amir and Rahmat caresses it through extra-cover with impeccable timing, Hafeez was chasing it from mid-off and he comes second in the race, he had too
2.6
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, such a beautifully timed shot that was. Also tells you how quick the outfield is. Just a gentle push off his front foot past the man at mid-off and the ball races away to the fence in no time. First boundary of the match
2.5
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, pitched on a full length by Imad and Gulbadin Naib drives it to mid-off from within the crease
2.4
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, plays this one with his bat angled towards cover-point
2.3
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, flatter around off, drifting into the batsman at a slightly slower pace, Gulbadin Naib defends it
2.2
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 99kph, skidding along the deck and it's been stonewalled again
2.1
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, darted around off, straighter line and it's been pushed to extra cover by Gulbadin Naib
1.6
Amir to Rahmat, no run, maiden to start off. Good lines and lengths by Amir in the first over. Back of a length around off, Rahmat blocks it comfortably, he's in no hurry
1.5
Amir to Rahmat, no run, another length delivery in the channel outside off, keeps straight and Rahmat finds no trouble to ease it in front of point
1.4
Amir to Rahmat, no run, on a length around off, Rahmat watches it carefully and defends it into the off side
1.3
Amir to Rahmat, no run, 137kph, pitched up by Amir and Rahmat gets beaten on his off-drive. Again the hint of movement was the reason why the batsman failed to connect his shot
1.2
Amir to Rahmat, no run, angled across the batsman in the channel outside off, tad fuller as Rahmat decides to leave it
1.1
Amir to Rahmat, no run, 131kph, swinging into the batsman on a fullish length, Rahmat squeezes it towards mid-wicket with a flick where it's been stopped with a dive
0.6
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 1 run, five runs in the over. Goes full again and Rahmat drills it down to long-on for a single to end the over. Looks a good wicket to bat on
0.5
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 2 runs, tosses this one up, pitches it up though and Rahmat finds no trouble to flick it through mid-wicket for a couple of runs. The fielder in the deep was a touch square and that allowed them to come back for the second
0.4
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, straighter line, on the pads and it's been clipped through mid-wicket by Gulbadin Naib
0.3
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, darts this one around off, straighter line and it's been eased in front of cover by the Afghan skipper
0.2
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 1 run, another quicker delivery that drifts into the batsman, Rahmat squeezes it down to long-on and gets off the mark
0.1
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, no run, in-drifter on a full length around off, Rahmat takes a forward stride and blocks it into the off side
Commentary
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Shaheen Afridi
Hamid,Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Shinwari,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
