43.4
Starc to Santner, out Caught by Behrendorff!! Fifer for Starc! Short delivery angling towards leg at 146km/h, Santner gets across and guides a pull - ends up lobbing it to the man at deep fine leg and that's the end of the game! Starc gets his second five-for of this World Cup and races ahead on the wickets chart wkt (10-157) min (42m). Santner c Behrendorff b Starc 12(29) [6s-1]
43.3
Starc to Santner, no run, low full-toss on leg, 152km/h of fire, Santner backs away into the on-side and punches it towards extra cover
43.2
Starc to Santner, no run, yorker length delivery on the boot at 147km/h, but angling down leg - off the boot and down to fine leg, but no runs taken
43.1
Starc to Santner, no run, short of length delivery on middle, 148km/h, Santner backs away and tries to slap it through the off-side, misses
42.6
Lyon to Boult, no run, tossed up outside off, Boult comes down the track and slugs it across the line towards deep midwicket - and he doesn't take the single. He'll leave Santner to deal with Starc...
42.5
Lyon to Boult, 2 runs, fired in full and flat, Boult comes down the track and inside edges one towards fine leg for a couple
42.4
Lyon to Santner, 1 run, punched off the backfoot down to sweeper cover for a single
42.3
Lyon to Santner, Byes, 4, overspinner, Santner goes for the pull, misses - and that's through the 'keeper to the long stop fence for four - given runs
42.2
Lyon to Santner, SIX, right in the slot, Santner makes use of his reach and slog-sweeps it over deep square leg for six!
42.1
Lyon to Santner, no run, turning away, keeping low, Santner misses with the cut, and Carey whips off the bails - no harm done
41.6
Starc to Boult, no run, back of a length delivery angling into the body @152km/h, Boult clears the front-leg again and tries to slug it into the on-side - gets an under-edge to the left of the wicketkeeper
41.5
Starc to Boult, no run, yorker length delivery following Boult, who is backing away into the on-side - and he's dug it out again!
41.4
Starc to Boult, no run, full and straight at the stumps, Boult clears his leg, gets out of the line, and clubs it back into the wicket - Starc gets a hand on it as he leaps to stop it
41.3
Starc to Boult, no run, short and angling in, Boult backs away into the on-side and has a mighty go at the cut - misses
41.2
Starc to Boult, no run, back of a length delivery on off, just about defended off the backfoot by Boult - 153km/h! And Boult has kept it out!
41.1
Starc to Ferguson, out Bowled! Knocked him over! Lands that on a fullish length, gets it to skid at 145km/h; Ferguson is apprehensive - and consequently is stuck defending on the backfoot. It whizzes past his defence and crashes into the stumps. Starc is making this look seriously easy wkt (9-144) min (7m). Wicket number 4 for him. Ferguson b Starc 0(3)
40.6
Lyon to Santner, no run, skids through on off, punched off the backfoot towards point
40.6
Lyon to Ferguson, wide, 2, fired down leg, wide called
40.5
Lyon to Ferguson, no run, loopy one just outside off, turning in, open-faced steer towards point off the frontfoot
40.4
Lyon to Ferguson, no run, tossed up just outside off, Ferguson comes down the track and deadbats
40.3
Lyon to Santner, 1 run, the asymptotic screamer by Warner! Flatbats this to mid-on, Warner leaps, sticks his left hand out moving sideways to his right, it sticks for a fleeting moment - and then pops out. A single to long-on
40.2
Lyon to Santner, no run, tossed up just outside off, pushed to mid-off from the crease
40.1
Lyon to Santner, no run, overspin and turn outside off, Santner tries cutting, beaten by the bounce
39.6
Starc to Ish Sodhi, out Lbw!! Ish Sodhi has been adjudged lbw. After having a word with his batting partner, he decides to review. An in-slanter from round the wicket and Sodhi is late on the glance. The impact is on the front leg adjacent to off-stump. He was struck just above the knee-roll. Ball-tracking shows it be clipping top of middle - umpire's call. So, the on-field call stays. Australia are just two wickets away from another impressive win wkt (8-141) min (11m). Ish Sodhi lbw b Starc 5(4) [4s-1]
39.6
Starc to Ish Sodhi, wide, a muted appeal for caught-behind down leg. It's wided. Finch decides against the review. A short of length delivery on the pads and Sodhi missed the flick. It brushed the batter's pad
39.6
Starc to Santner, wide, 2, 144kph, wayward delivery down leg. Carey leaps and parries it to fine leg
39.5
Starc to Ish Sodhi, 1 run, 149kph, yorker length again, a shuffling Sodhi digs it out towards mid-wicket
39.4
Starc to Santner, 1 run, 148kph, leg-lined short of length delivery, worked with the angle to deep square leg
39.3
Starc to Santner, no run, yorker length, squeezed out to cover
39.2
Starc to Santner, no run, rears off the deck does this shortish ball, might have decked away too. Santner pulls his bat inside the line and lets it pass
39.1
Starc to Santner, no run, length ball on off and middle, pushed back to the bowler
38.6
Lyon to Ish Sodhi, FOUR, 88kph, touch too short and touch too straight. Sodhi moves across and smacks it over short fine leg. Runs away to the fine leg fence
38.5
Lyon to Ish Sodhi, no run, 91kph, in-turner, Sodhi shuffled across and bunts it to short mid-wicket
38.4
Lyon to Santner, 1 run, non-turner at 87kph, dinked to long-off
38.3
Lyon to Santner, no run, stump-to-stump line ball, blocked
38.2
Lyon to Santner, no run, 94kph, flat ball, defended
38.1
Lyon to Neesham, out Caught&Bowled!! Lyon joins the party. Well deserved wicket for the off-spinner. A slow, tossed up delivery and Neesham went down to play his premeditated sweep shot. All he manages is a big top edge and the ball goes up a long way. Lyon moves to his left to get under it. He called for it and caught it with ease wkt (7-131) min (24m). Neesham c and b Lyon 9(22)
37.6
Starc to Santner, no run, 149kph, nasty short ball. Santner jumps to ride the bounce, couldn't quite do that and wears it on the helmet grille. It might have brushed the glove on its way. He's fine to resume
37.5
Starc to Santner, no run, 150kph, good length delivery, Santner turns it to the left of short mid-wicket and eyes a run. Gets sent back and makes his ground. Smith got to the ball swiftly and had a shy at the striker's end, missed
37.4
Starc to Santner, no run, 152kph, pitched up delivery, Santner leans across and miscues the drive towards cover. He has a look at his blade does the left-handed batsman
37.3
Starc to Neesham, 1 run, extra bounce on this in-slanter, Neesham manages to turn it to square leg. The bottom hand came off the handle
37.2
Starc to Neesham, no run, 144kph, short of a good length around off, Neesham jumps and taps it towards backward point
37.1
Starc to Neesham, no run, superb delivery! A good length delivery at 145kph that straightens off the deck and whizzes past the poking blade of Neesham. The batsman was fortunate not to get a nick on it
36.6
Lyon to Neesham, 1 run, punched to long-off
36.5
Lyon to Neesham, 2 runs, fetches this offie from outside off and swipes it over mid-wicket. NCN runs across to his right and keeps the batters down to a couple
36.4
Lyon to Santner, 1 run, 88kph, touch short and that allows Santner to force it to deep point off the back foot
36.3
Lyon to Santner, no run, comes in with the arm and Santner was hoping it to spin. The batsman somehow managed to bring his bat down and keep it down
36.2
Lyon to Santner, no run, airy ball, Santner blocks it to the right of the bowler
36.1
Lyon to Santner, no run, extra bounce on this offie and Santner can only push it to the left of the bowler
35.6
Starc to Santner, 1 run, 145kph, shortish ball, Santner rides the bounce with a hop and drops it in front of point for a quick single
35.5
Starc to Santner, no run, 146kph, short of length delivery, Santner is happy to shoulder arms on line
35.4
Starc to Santner, no run, pacy fullish length ball outside off, left alone
35.3
Starc to Latham, out Caught by Smith!! We've seen few catches going down, but we've also witnessed at least three superb catches. Now, it's Smith's turn to become a Superman. A fullish ball at 145kph, with the line of middle and leg, Latham walked across to flick it away. He played the right shot, but didn't bother to keep it down. Smith, at short mid-wicket, flew to his right and pulled off a one-handed blinder with his right hand wkt (6-125) min (41m). Latham c Smith b Starc 14(28)
35.2
Starc to Latham, no run, 148kph, short of length delivery wide of off, Latham pats it to backward point and Maxi is quick to move across and intervene
35.1
Starc to Neesham, 1 run, 145kph, back of a length delivery, Neesham hops and steers it down to third man
34.6
Maxwell to Neesham, 1 run, Maxwell darts in a short of length ball and that's been tucked through the mid-wicket region
34.5
Maxwell to Latham, 1 run, fetches this fullish ball from outside off and sweeps to deep mid-wicket
34.4
Maxwell to Neesham, 1 run, 96kph, fuller on middle and leg, jammed to the right of mid-on
34.3
Maxwell to Neesham, no run, fired on off at 97kph, Neesham is cramped for room and all he can do is play it back towards the bowler
34.2
Maxwell to Neesham, no run, quicker offie, back-footed block follows
34.1
Maxwell to Neesham, no run, slingy dart from round the wicket, taped towards point and Latham wants a run, gets rightly sent back
33.6
Lyon to Neesham, 1 run, just a single off the over! Short of length, punched to long-off
33.5
Lyon to Neesham, no run, quicker and touch short, Neesham is watchful. Hangs back and taps it towards point
33.4
Lyon to Neesham, no run, pushed to the right of the bowler
33.3
Lyon to Neesham, no run, 90kph, Neesham goes for the cover drive and outside-edges it to the right of backward point, who is quick to mop it up
33.2
Lyon to Neesham, no run, attacks the sticks with an in-drifter, Neesham stonewalls
33.1
Lyon to Neesham, no run, tossed up delivery outside off, pushed towards backward point off the front foot
32.6
Smith to Neesham, 1 run, a non-turner, chopped towards point for a quick single
32.5
Smith to Neesham, no run, another offie, Neesham blocks from the crease
32.4
Smith to Neesham, no run, off-break from Smith, Neesham hangs back and taps it into the off-side
32.3
Smith to Neesham, no run, stump-to-stump line, blocked back to the bowler
32.2
Smith to Latham, 1 run, turned to deep mid-wicket
32.1
Smith to Colinde Grandhomme, out Caught by Khawaja!! The Australians are cock-a-hoop! It's Smith's leg-spin, the role which fetched him a Test cap here at Lord's, that does the trick. With a slip in place, Smith bowls a harmless tossed up delivery. Colinde Grandhomme sees the flight and decides to hit a biggie off the very first ball. He probably would have wanted to go squarer, miscued and ended up offering a dolly to Khawaja at long-off wkt (5-118) min (6m). Colinde Grandhomme c Khawaja b Smith 0(1)
31.6
Pat Cummins to Latham, no run, 140kph, fuller and wider, Latham slashes at it, finds backward point
31.5
Pat Cummins to Latham, no run, well-directed short ball, Latham ducks under it
31.4
Pat Cummins to Ross Taylor, out Caught by Carey!! That went a mile up, Carey settles under it and has to wait for a long time, before snaffling that with both hands. A fullish ball at 144kph, Ross Taylor shuffles across a long way to hoick it across the line. Gets a big top-edge because of which the ball balloons up a long way. It's never easy to take such high catches. Carey kept his calm and gobbled it. Big wicket wkt (4-118) min (76m).Ross Taylor c Carey b Pat Cummins 30(54) [4s-2]
31.3
Pat Cummins to Latham, 1 run, 125kph, cutter from a back of a length, Latham guides it to third man
31.2
Pat Cummins to Ross Taylor, 1 run, 142kph, short of length delivery, turned to the right of mid-wicket for a sharp single
31.1
Pat Cummins to Ross Taylor, FOUR, 1000 ODI runs against Australia for Ross Taylor! Shortish ball at 139kph, sits up nicely and Taylor muscles the pull in front of square on the leg-side. Sped away
30.6
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flat ball on the sticks, eased down to long-on
30.5
Maxwell to Latham, 1 run, comes down the track, takes it on the full and bunts it towards mid-on for a quick single
30.4
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, reverse-sweeps off the back of the bat to short third man
30.3
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, no run, quicker delivery, goes through with the arm, Taylor tries to force through the off-side, gets it off the outside half
30.2
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, no run, very full ball, drifting away from the right-hander, Taylor goes for a big drill through the off-side, gets beaten on the outside edge
30.1
Maxwell to Latham, 1 run, full ball on the stumps from round the wicket, whipped to deep square leg
29.6
Pat Cummins to Ross Taylor, no run, the leg-cutter from Cummins, bounced from a length and has Taylor in trouble - does really well to drop his bottom hand and takes a blow on his gloves
29.5
Pat Cummins to Latham, 1 run, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, Latham runs it down towards third man for a single
29.4
Pat Cummins to Latham, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Latham gets a good stride forward and blocks it to cover
29.3
Pat Cummins to Latham, no run, Cummins shortens his length outside off, Latham plays with soft hands and drops it near his foot
29.2
Pat Cummins to Latham, no run, Latham takes one on his body - banged in short and at the stumps, Latham went for the pull as an afterthought - late on the shot and is hit on his ribs
29.1
Pat Cummins to Latham, no run, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, Latham was looking to nudge and squirted it to the right of cover - Warner tumbled and made a fine stop
28.6
Lyon to Latham, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg-stump line, nudged past square leg for a single
28.5
Lyon to Ross Taylor, 1 run, appeal for a run-out and it's against Latham. Has the dive saved him? Yes, it has. He took on Maxwell and has just about beaten the throw, nudged in front of mid-wicket and both batsmen set-off for a quick single - Maxwell swooped on the ball and threw down the stumps at the striker's end, Latham's dive though was too good for him
28.4
Lyon to Ross Taylor, no run, slower and wider of off, Taylor reaches forward, can't get close to the ball and drives it back at the bowler
28.3
Lyon to Ross Taylor, no run, top-edge and safe, the off-break from Lyon, bounced more than Taylor expected as he shaped for the sweep, didn't roll his wrists and the fat edge dropped tantalisingly short of the fielder at short fine
28.2
Lyon to Latham, 1 run, Lyon drops one short and wide of off, slapped past the diving fielder at cover for a single
28.1
Lyon to Latham, no run, tossed up just outside off, defended back at the bowler
27.6
Starc to Ross Taylor, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, Taylor squeezes it out towards cover
27.5
Starc to Latham, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, Latham runs it down towards third man for a single
27.4
Starc to Latham, no run, full and a hint of late curve from middle, Latham was early into his tuck, closed the bat-face and the leading edge rolled to the off-side
27.3
Starc to Latham, no run, banged in short and rising from a length, Latham plays with soft hands and drops it at his feet
27.2
Starc to Latham, no run, short of a length and well wide of off, left alone
27.1
Starc to Latham, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Latham gets a good stride forward in defence
26.6
Lyon to Ross Taylor, no run, beauty, a ripping off-break, spun back in from outside off, Taylor wasn't close to the ball as he drove, gets a thick inside edge onto the pad
26.5
Lyon to Latham, 1 run, flighted outside off, Latham gets close to the ball and works it in front of square on the on-side for a single
26.4
Lyon to Latham, no run, tossed up well outside off, Latham covers the line and lets it go
26.3
Lyon to Latham, 2 runs, neatly played, a pre-mediatated paddle from Latham, went down low, used the pace on the ball and got it very fine, back for the second run
26.2
Lyon to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower and wider of off, driven square on the off-side for a single, brings up NZ's 100
26.1
Lyon to Latham, 1 run, tossed up on off and drifting away, Latham closed the bat-face early on the tuck and the soft edge rolled to the off-side
25.6
Starc to Latham, 1 run, fuller in length and at the stumps, Latham is good enough to clip it past square leg, off the mark with a single
25.5
Starc to Latham, no run, .. and his first ball is an absolute ripper, banged in short and kept climbing onto the left-hander - a startled Latham took his eyes off as he fended awkwardly, luckily for him - the ball landed right next to him
25.4
Starc to Williamson, out Caught by Carey!! Australia needed a wicket and it's that man, Starc - who provides Finch with one. A soft dismissal for KW and he's livid with himself, short of a length and angling across the right-hander, KW was looking to run it fine towards third man, opened the face of the bat and only managed a fine edge, straight into the gloves of Carey and he doesn't miss out. Could well be a match defining moment wkt (3-97) min (69m). Williamson c Carey b Starc 40(51) [4s-2 6s-1]
25.3
Starc to Williamson, 2 runs, more runs for KW, this was full and on the pads, he got inside the line and clipped it in front of square on the on-side, wants the second run and it's Ross Taylor running to the danger end, he's home at ease though, despite the third umpire having a look
25.2
Starc to Williamson, 2 runs, short of a length and well wide of off, chopped behind square on the off-side - Maxwell puts in the dive and takes some pace off the ball, can't stop the second run though
25.1
Starc to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on a good length and at the stumps, Taylor closes the bat-face and works it wide of mid-wicket for a single
24.6
Maxwell to Williamson, no run, slower and on off, KW makes room and pushes it towards backward point
24.5
Maxwell to Williamson, FOUR, lovely, this is exceptional batting from KW, mid-off was inside the ring and was pretty square - nicely tossed up outside off, he leant into the drive, brought his wrists into play and placed it wide of the fielder for a boundary
24.4
Maxwell to Williamson, no run, slower and just outside off, KW plays close to his body and then defends
24.3
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tossed up well outside leg, tucked away backward of square on the on-side for a single
24.2
Maxwell to Williamson, 1 run, 6000 career ODI runs for KW, tossed up well wide of off, driven firmly towards cover who fumbles and allows a run
24.1
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, worked in front of square on the on-side for a single
23.6
Stoinis to Williamson, no run, back of a length and just outside off, KW plays close to his body but can't get it past Maxwell at backward point
23.5
Stoinis to Williamson, 2 runs, more good running from KW, toe-ended the attempted late cut and got it very fine - takes on the fielder at third man and hares back for the second
23.4
Stoinis to Williamson, no run, short of a good length and well outside off, dabbed off the back-foot to backward point
23.3
Stoinis to Williamson, SIX, lovely, KW wakes up all right and deposits Stoinis onto the mid-wicket stands - friendly length ball on the pads, KW shuffles across, gets inside the line and flicks it up and over mid-wicket - was aiming for the shorter boundary and sent it a fair way back
23.2
Stoinis to Williamson, no run, on a length and in that channel outside off, KW was looking to run it down towards third man, gets an inside edge onto his pads
23.1
Stoinis to Williamson, no run, short of a length and just outside off, KW uses his wrists and finds mid-on with the drive
22.6
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, slower and at the stumps, Taylor works it with soft hands past square leg and scampers back for the second run
22.5
Maxwell to Williamson, 1 run, fraction short in length from Maxwell, worked past square leg for a single
22.4
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, 1 run, Maxwell drifts one on the leg-stump line, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
22.3
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up on off, Taylor prods across and turns it to the on-side
22.2
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, no run, nicely flighted outside off, Taylor plays from the crease and blocks
22.1
Maxwell to Ross Taylor, no run, tossed up just outside off, driven back towards the bowler
21.6
Stoinis to Ross Taylor, 1 run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Taylor runs it down towards third man for a single
21.5
Stoinis to Ross Taylor, no run, the cutter from Stoinis, on a good length and just outside off, defended to the off-side
21.4
Stoinis to Williamson, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, worked away past square leg for a single
21.3
Stoinis to Williamson, no run, on a good length and just outside off, KW plays close to his body and defends
21.2
Stoinis to Williamson, 2 runs, Stoinis shortens his length and angles it onto Williamson's body, nudged with soft hands and the ball rolls behind square on the on-side, KW is quick and comes back for the second
21.1
Stoinis to Ross Taylor, leg byes, 1 run, short of a length and on Taylor's body, he was late on the pull, off his body and rolled past the keeper
20.6
Finch to Ross Taylor, 1 run, slower and just outside off, Taylor gets half-forward and pushes it to the long-off for a single
20.5
Finch to Ross Taylor, FOUR, Taylor breaks the shackles, a much needed boundary for New Zealand, Finch pushed this one quicker and down leg, turned out be a low full-toss and Taylor swiped it behind square on the on-side for a boundary
20.4
Finch to Ross Taylor, no run, a little shimmy down the track, Taylor was done in by the flight, adjusts and defends it back at the bowler
20.3
Finch to Ross Taylor, no run, flighted on the leg-stump line, Taylor pushes it back at the bowler
20.2
Finch to Williamson, 1 run, Finch drifts this one down leg, Williamson didn't get hold of the sweep, mistimes it backward of square on the on-side for a single
20.1
Finch to Ross Taylor, 1 run, tossed up on the stumps, eased down towards long-on for a single
19.6
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, 1 run, steered it away to third man for a single
19.5
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Ross Taylor stays put and pushes it to mid-on
19.4
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, Huge lbw shout but Australia have decided not to go for the review. And it proved to be a good decision as it pitched outside leg and the ball tracker won't be required. It came back in and the late movement defeated Ross Taylor and it rapped him on the pads
19.3
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, another defensive shot to square leg
19.2
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, on a fuller length and coming back into Ross Taylor, he countered the movement well and blocked it back
19.2
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, wide, down the leg-side, Ross Taylor misses the tuck. wide called!
19.1
Behrendorff to Williamson, 1 run, steers it to third man for a single
19.1
Behrendorff to Williamson, wide, bangs this one into the pitch, it was too short and it goes over the head of Williamson. Wide called!
18.6
Smith to Williamson, 1 run, eases it to the off-side and takes a single
18.5
Smith to Ross Taylor, 1 run, another full-toss from Smith. Third one of the over. Ross Taylor punches it to sweeper cover
18.4
Smith to Williamson, 1 run, Smith dishes out an another full-toss, Williamson is too cautious and drives it to sweeper cover
18.3
Smith to Williamson, no run, down the leg-side and Williamson defends it to the on-side
18.2
Smith to Ross Taylor, 1 run, juicy full-toss on the stumps and Ross Taylor drives it wide of cover
18.1
Smith to Ross Taylor, no run, this one spins away and beats the outside edge of Ross Taylor on the drive
17.6
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, 1 run, back of a length delivery coming back into Ross Taylor, he was cramped for room and ends up tucking it wide of square leg
17.5
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Ross Taylor dabs it straight into the hands of backward point
17.4
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, on a good length and wide of off, Ross Taylor steers it to backward point
17.3
Behrendorff to Williamson, 1 run, outside edge and dropped again. Williamson is living a lucky life. This wasn't the easiest chance though. It was an off-cutter from Behrendorff, it spins away, hint of extra bounce too. It clipped the outside edge and went wide of Carey who was late in moving across, it clipped his finger and deflected towards third man
17.2
Behrendorff to Williamson, no run, this one came back in a touch, Williamson fails to counter it. It clipped the inside edge and came back to hit the pads
17.1
Behrendorff to Williamson, 2 runs, on a fuller length and wide of off, Williamson punches it wide of cover and will come back for a brace
16.6
Lyon to Ross Taylor, no run, this one held it's line too, Ross Taylor this time was aware of it. He plays it late and steers it to backward point
16.5
Lyon to Williamson, 1 run, fuller and spinning into Williamson, he goes down on his knees and paddles it wide of fine leg
16.4
Lyon to Williamson, no run, works it straight to square leg
16.3
Lyon to Williamson, no run, plants his front foot forward and defends it to the off-side
16.2
Lyon to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on the pads and Ross Taylor tucks it wide of square leg for a single
16.1
Lyon to Ross Taylor, no run, this one skids off the deck, doesn't spin at all. Ross Taylor played for the spin and it went past the outside edge
15.6
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on a good length and down the leg-side, Ross Taylor gets behind it and tucks it wide of square leg for a single
15.5
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, very full and wide of off, Ross Taylor drives it back to Behrendorff
15.4
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, fuller length delivery angling away from Ross Taylor, he punched it straight to backward point
15.3
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, pushed back to Behrendorff
15.2
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, this one bounced extra off a good length, it hits him around chest and ends up to the off-side
15.1
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, defended back to Behrendorff
14.6
Lyon to Williamson, no run, that's edged and dropped! You cannot drop a guy of Williamson's caliber. This could really hurt Australia. It spins back in, Williamson fails to adapt to the turn. He ends up playing inside the line of it and it clipped his outside edge. It deflected off Carey's pads and that probably put off Smith at first slip, he fails to get his hands in order and shelled it in the end. Big moment in the game!
14.5
Lyon to Williamson, no run, fuller and outside off, Williamson defends it to the off-side
14.4
Lyon to Williamson, no run, defended it back to Lyon
14.3
Lyon to Ross Taylor, 1 run, swept hard, staright to deep square leg. Not sure if it is the right shot against Lyon
14.2
Lyon to Ross Taylor, no run, this one was spinning in sharply, Ross Taylor fails to deal with the spin. It missed the inside edge and raps him on the pads, sliding down leg
14.1
Lyon to Williamson, 1 run, prods forward, comes close to the ball and taps it gently to the off-side
13.6
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, no run, defended it back to Behrendorff
13.5
Behrendorff to Williamson, leg byes, 1 run, down the leg-side, Williamson missed the flick. It hits his pads and ends up at fine leg
13.4
Behrendorff to Williamson, no run, back of a length delivery down the leg-side, Williamson was late on the tuck. It hits him on the arm guard and deflects to the off-side
13.3
Behrendorff to Williamson, no run, on a length and wide of off, left alone
13.2
Behrendorff to Ross Taylor, 1 run, on a length and wide of off, bit of extra bounce for Behrendorff on that delivery but Ross Taylor controls not in the best of manners but dabs it down to third man
13.1
Behrendorff to Guptill, out Lbw!! Another breakthrough for Behrendorff, he has been absolutely sensational since his comeback in the last match. It was a fuller length delivery which snaked back into Guptill who was unable to counter the late movement. It missed the inside edge by a long way as his bat was nowhere close and rapped him on the pads, it seemed to be drifting down leg but umpire thought otherwise and raised his finger . Guptill wasn't keen to review it either and he trudged back to the dressing room. His poor run of run of form continues in the World Cup. The replay is in and it was just clipping the leg-stump wkt (2-42) min (60m). Guptill lbw b Behrendorff 20(43) [4s-2]
12.6
Lyon to Williamson, no run, offie which ended up on the stumps and Williamson defended it to square leg
12.5
Lyon to Williamson, no run, wanted to clip it to the on-side, gets squared up by the spin but he controlled it well in the end and defended to the on-side
12.4
Lyon to Williamson, no run, blocks it to the on-side
12.3
Lyon to Guptill, 1 run, that's an ugly looking sweep shot from Guptill, he timed it decently though and will collect a single at deep square leg
12.2
Lyon to Williamson, 1 run, more flight on this delivery than the last one, it ends up on the pads and Williamson eases it wide of square leg
12.1
Lyon to Williamson, no run, fuller length delivery with not a lot of spin, Williamson stays put and works it to mid-wicket
11.6
Behrendorff to Williamson, 1 run, stays in the crease and tucks it wide of square leg. They will retain the strike
11.5
Behrendorff to Guptill, 1 run, on a fuller length and on the stumps, Guptill plunges forward and taps it wide of backward point for a quick single. Maxwell there fails to pick it up cleanly
11.4
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, yorker on the stumps, Guptill gets his bat down just in time and digs it out to cover
11.3
Behrendorff to Williamson, 1 run, taps it wide of cover and he will charge for a single
11.2
Behrendorff to Williamson, no run, now defends it solidly to the off-side
11.1
Behrendorff to Williamson, FOUR, that is a Williamson special! It wasn't that bad a delivery but Williamson is a genuis, he hops in the crease just a touch to get in line and punches it with a lot of class and elegance. It beats the man at cover and races to the fence. Top, top shot!
10.6
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, fuller and wider, Guptill blocked it to the off-side
10.5
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, this was a serious delivery. It climbed off the short of length, the line was down the leg-side and Guptill did well to sway away from the line
10.4
Pat Cummins to Williamson, 1 run, opens the face of the bat and dabs it to third man
10.3
Pat Cummins to Williamson, no run, that's a peach! On a good length and in that corridor of uncertainty, it nipped away just a touch and Williamson did well not to poke at it. It whizzed past his outside edge
10.2
Pat Cummins to Williamson, no run, much fuller and the line was wide of off, Williamson stays put in the crease and defends it solidly to the off-side
10.1
Pat Cummins to Guptill, 1 run, on a length and down the leg-side, Guptill tucks it wide of square leg and collects a single
9.6
Behrendorff to Williamson, no run, peckering away just outside off, Williamson is happy to lift his bat
9.5
Behrendorff to Williamson, no run, curving in on off-stump, Williamson dead-bats it under his eyes
9.4
Behrendorff to Williamson, 2 runs, stabs it off the front foot and it dribbles away behind square. Williamson puts on his skates and hares back for the second to get off the mark
9.3
Behrendorff to Williamson, no run, back of a length, nipping away just outside off. Williamson is a good with his judgements and rightly waves it through to the keeper
9.2
Behrendorff to Henry Nicholls, out Caught by Carey!! An unfortunate dismissal for Nicholls, but as the cliche goes Cricket is a great leveller. Behrendorff came so close in getting the outside edge previous ball and Nicholls was lucky to have not nicked it. On this occasion, gets a loose delivery down leg and tried to help it very fine. Ends up getting a faint edge and the Aussies knew straightaway that there was some bat. Up they went and umpire Joel Wilson took his time, looked up at the square leg umpire and seems to have got some signal as he lifted his finger. Finally, Australia have broken through here wkt (1-29) min (43m). Henry Nicholls c Carey b Behrendorff 8(20) [4s-2]
9.1
Behrendorff to Henry Nicholls, no run, extraordinary delivery from Behrendorff. How did that miss the outside edge? It was pitched on a length and it straightened a wee bit and changes its direction. Nicholls was playing for the original line and gets beaten all ends up
8.6
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, fuller length just outside off, Guptill times the drive to mid-off
8.5
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, hands following the trajectory with feet hardly moving, quells it with an inclined bat to point
8.4
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, wicket-to-wicket line, Guptill sweetly drives it to mid-on
8.3
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, Guptill takes evasive action this time as this bumper was gaining steep bounce. Wisely sits under it
8.2
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, signs of Guptill losing his patience and almost nicked it off. Spicy short ball after seeing the batsman advancing, Guptill made some room for himself and threw his bat, gets nowhere close to it
8.1
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, keeps it on a fuller length on off-stump, Guptill stays in-line and blunts it
7.6
Behrendorff to Guptill, 1 run, full and tilted back in slightly, Guptill flicks it round his pads through square leg
7.5
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, gets forward and eases it out
7.4
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, fuller length just outside off, Guptill keeps his eyes on the ball and defends it
7.3
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, spots the indipper and Guptill stonewalls it
7.2
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, much straighter from Behrendorff, Guptill gets behind the line to block it
7.1
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, "That's close, that is very close," shouts Ian Smith on air but Aussies aren't reviewing it. Did it pitch outside leg? Was it going too much? These questions will linger in Finch's mind and they decide not to challenge the on-field call which was not out. Tailed in from a fuller length, Guptill gets beaten for pace and the inward movement, getting pinned on the pads. HawkEye shows that it's hitting the outer half of leg-stump meaning umpire's call
6.6
Pat Cummins to Henry Nicholls, no run, slanting in closer to off, blocked stoutly
6.5
Pat Cummins to Henry Nicholls, no run, polite query for lbw withdrawn as Cummins realizes that it's too high. Jagged in back into the left-hander, Nicholls was shuffling across and plays all around it, only to get hit around the knee-roll. Height and also impact could've been outside off
6.4
Pat Cummins to Henry Nicholls, no run, lifter from Cummins. It sprang up off the pitch and Nicholls takes his head out of the firing line
6.3
Pat Cummins to Henry Nicholls, no run, 145kph, veering in the corridor of uncertainty, Nicholls watches it closely and shoulders arms
6.2
Pat Cummins to Henry Nicholls, no run, fullish and shaping away at the last moment, Nicholls gets forward to defend and skews it off the outer half to gully
6.1
Pat Cummins to Guptill, 1 run, fuller length, holds its line just outside off and Guptill props half-forward to defend and ekes out an outside edge which runs away to third man
5.6
Starc to Henry Nicholls, no run, length, angling in. Defended to mid-on
5.5
Starc to Henry Nicholls, no run, 153.8kph, Starc is upping his pace. Goes fuller and outside off, Nicholls sees it off without much fuss to the keeper
5.4
Starc to Henry Nicholls, no run, bangs it on a back of a length, gets it to climb and Nicholls jumps back to defend. Hits him on the outer half and lobs up in front of cover
5.4
Starc to Henry Nicholls, wide, vicious bumper, but it sails over Nicholls's head and the umpire ain't sparing Starc. It's too high and rightly called a wide
5.3
Starc to Henry Nicholls, no run, gets it up again, this time Nicholls push-drives it to mid-on
5.2
Starc to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, it's back-to-back fours for Nicholls. Starc's overdoing it, sends one too straight and too full, Nicholls merrily picks it away past square leg
5.1
Starc to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, pace is your best friend as well as your best enemy. This was bowled fuller on off at 153kph, slightly overpitched and Nicholls didn't have to do much, just comes forward and meets it with a well-timed push off the middle and it beats mid-on. Once it's past the fielder, there's no stopping that
4.6
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, sliding on leg-stump, tucked to square leg
4.5
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, shorter outside off, Guptill rides the bounce and cracks it to extra cover
4.4
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, peach! Good length delivery pitched on off and it straightens briskly before kicking off to startle Guptill, who manages to keep his bat out of the line. That was nearly unplayable from Cummins
4.3
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, length delivery outside off, Guptill crisply knocks it to point
4.2
Pat Cummins to Guptill, no run, short and straightens a bit, Guptill hops back and squirts the defence off the outer half
4.1
Pat Cummins to Guptill, FOUR, easy pickings for four. Loosener from Cummins first up, veering it on leg and Guptill helps himself by tickling it very fine
3.6
Starc to Guptill, leg byes, 1 run, nips back in sharply and foxes Guptill as he was prodding gently but gets beaten for pace and movement. Struck on the thigh pad and it rolls away to third man
3.5
Starc to Guptill, no run, short of length, straighter on middle. Tucked to square leg with a closed bat-face
3.4
Starc to Guptill, no run, shifts his line to outside off, tempting Guptill but the batsman resists and leaves
3.4
Starc to Guptill, wide, Starc's line goes for a toss as he throws it down leg
3.3
Starc to Guptill, no run, wafts it full and swerves it away from Guptill, who raises his bat
3.2
Starc to Guptill, no run, 151kph, fast fuller length delivery lasering at the stumps, Guptill gets half-forward and blocks it
3.1
Starc to Guptill, no run, back of a length, darting back into the right-hander. Extra bounce defeats Guptill's attempted nudge, gets pinged on the thigh pad
2.6
Behrendorff to Guptill, 3 runs, driven without much efficiency but finds the gap past mid-on. It came off the inside half and Warner with a long chase as he moops it up and easy three
2.6
Behrendorff to Guptill, wide, overcooks and drifts it down leg, called a wide
2.5
Behrendorff to Guptill, FOUR, bullied through covers! Guptill is an expert at manipulating the field in the Powerplay. Behrendorff overpitches just outside off, Guptill bends his back knee and drives it wonderfully through the packed off-side field
2.4
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, good length, tighter on off. Guptill blocks it to cover
2.3
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, hurls it too full just outside off, Guptill squeezes the drive to cover
2.2
Behrendorff to Guptill, no run, pitched up just outside off, Guptill defends it to cover
2.1
Behrendorff to Guptill, 2 runs, shortish outside off, Guptill opens his stance and punches it behind point. Starc runs across, slides and keeps the ball in play
1.6
Starc to Henry Nicholls, no run, lands it fuller on off, Nicholls stomps forward and drives it to the right of mid-off
1.5
Starc to Henry Nicholls, no run, full, pacy delivery coming back in. Nicholls was moving across and gets rammed on the pad. Going down leg, gee! This was clocked at 152kph
1.4
Starc to Guptill, 1 run, drops it staying back in his crease in front of point and gets good response from his partner as they scamper through for a single
1.3
Starc to Guptill, no run, another in-bender, jerking in very close to off. Guptill keeps his bat just inside the line and allows it to pass
1.2
Starc to Guptill, no run, 145kph. Roaring inswinger, brave and good leave I would say by Guptill. It kept nipping back in and Guptill watchfully lifted his bat only for the ball to bounce over the stumps
1.1
Starc to Guptill, no run, pounds the outswinger on a length outside off and it takes off savagely after Guptill left it alone. Carey collects it in front of his face
0.6
Behrendorff to Henry Nicholls, no run, length, shaping back into the left-hander. Solidly blocked
0.5
Behrendorff to Henry Nicholls, no run, remains back and stonewalls it neatly
0.4
Behrendorff to Henry Nicholls, no run, half-hearted appeal for lbw aborted quickly. Height is a concern as Nicholls is struck high on the pad - above the knee-roll. Indipper, tailed in slightly and the batsman is caught in the crease. Failed to counter the inward nip, gets hit in-line with the stumps but height comes to his rescue
0.3
Behrendorff to Henry Nicholls, no run, shortens his length, Nicholls defends it from the crease
0.2
Behrendorff to Henry Nicholls, no run, 132kph. Full delivery on target, Nicholls shows some respect and blocks it with a straight bat
0.1
Behrendorff to Guptill, 1 run, Guptill is up and running. Outswinger, overpitches outside off and Guptill is ready with a booming drive to the left of mid-off
Commnetary
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Henry Nicholls,Boult,Latham,Neesham,Santner,Ferguson,Ish Sodhi
Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
