49.6
Rabada to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on middle, Mahmudullah comes down the track and opens the face slightly to place his drive, gets it away to sweeper cover for a couple, where Miller does a fantastic job to cut off the boundary - but that doesn't stop them from achieving Bangladesh's highest score in ODIs!
49.5
Rabada to Mehidy Hasan, 1 run, shortish one coming into the body @138km/h, Mehidy Hasan tries to open up his stance and pull it away, gets a mistimed under-edge to mid-on for a single
49.4
Rabada to Mehidy Hasan, no run, slower one at 114km/h, on a back of a length, Mehidy Hasan comes down the track and has an almighty heave at it - misses it completely. Bye? Nope, they don't go for it!
49.3
Rabada to Mehidy Hasan, FOUR, back of a length delivery with a bit of width, @138km/h, Mehidy Hasan backs away and slaps it away hard to the sweeper cover fence for four
49.2
Rabada to Mahmudullah, 1 run, slower length delivery @118km/h, tapped from the crease to backward point for a quick single
49.1
Rabada to Mahmudullah, SIX, 141km/h half-volley on middle, whipped away non-chalantly over deep mid-wicket for six!
48.6
Chris Morris to Mosaddek Hossain, out Caught by Phehlukwayo! A tame end to a utility knock by Mosaddek Hossain! Very full, a full-toss in fact, Mosaddek Hossain tries to camp back and chip it over the mid-off fielder - good intent, but poor execution. Ends up just offering a simple catch to the man inside the circle, since he failed to get the elevation wkt (6-316) min (32m). Mosaddek Hossain c Phehlukwayo b Chris Morris 26(20) [4s-4]
48.5
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, 1 run, fuller length delivery without a lot of width, Mahmudullah comes down the track and square drives it towards deep point for a single
48.5
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, wide, short one attempted but it's angled down leg-side. Mahmudullah tries the hook, misses, and that's a wide
48.4
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, FOUR, a rank length delivery on the stumps, Mahmudullah absolutely clubs it away to deep mid-wicket for four, as the fielder, who's too far inside the boundary, has to hurry back but can't make it in time
48.3
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, FOUR, shortish one on the hip, Mahmudullah is caught off-guard trying to back away into the on-side, gets a bit of bat on the pseudo-pull, and it deflects away fine towards fine leg for four
48.2
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, attempted yorker length delivery @131km/h, almost there, falls just short, and he's whipped it away towards cow corner for a couple
48.1
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, back of a length delivery on the hips, tucked away to square leg for a hasty brace
47.6
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, 3 runs, fuller length delivery just outside off, Mahmudullah camps in the crease and lofts it over the in-field towards wide long-off where Jp Duminy sprints across and parries it back to save a run for his team. 300 up!
47.5
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, fuller length delivery on the stumps, whipped away towards deep square leg, a throw at the non-striker's end and a deflection off the stumps, and that's another run stolen! Oh no - what's happening to RSA?
47.5
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, wide, sums up South Africa's day. An abomination of a delivery on the world stage. A knuckle ball attempted, and he's got it wrong - off-side wide
47.5
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, wide, tries the wide yorker, but far too wide outside the off-stump - and way outside Mahmudullah's reach
47.4
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, no run, tries the yorker, errs big time, a full-toss just below the waist, and he's missed it completely
47.3
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, slower length delivery wide outside off, playing with the off-balance control of the batsmen, Mosaddek Hossain carves it to the right of the backward point fielder, who dives to cut it off and keeps it to a single
47.2
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 runs, full and wide once again, Mosaddek Hossain reaches out and opens the face to steer it away towards deep backward point for a couple. Just wide of backward point...
47.1
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, 1 run, shortish and wide, @108km/h, slapped to cover off a low stance for a quick single
46.6
Chris Morris to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, wide half-volley outside off @136km/h, Mosaddek Hossain reaches out and absolutely creams it through the sweeper cover fence for four! Such beautiful hands through the ball...
46.5
Chris Morris to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, short ball into the body @131km/h, Mosaddek shapes up for the pull and absolutely demolishes it through cow corner for four
46.4
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of length delivery just outside off @134km/h, Mahmudullah hops and opens the face to guide it down to third man for a single
46.3
Chris Morris to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, short of length delivery @134km/h in line with the stumps, Mosaddek Hossain backs away and slaps it cross-batted past the non-striker towards mid-on for a quick single
46.2
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, 1 run, inch-prefect yorker length delivery @138km/h on off, dug out hastily to mid-on for a single
46.1
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, FOUR, @123km/h, a shortish one outside off, Mahmudullah had an almighty heave and got a bit of a top-edge on that pull, high in the air and KG is running back towards the deep square leg boundary - drops it! And to add insult to injury, it runs into the fence for four
45.6
Rabada to Mahmudullah, 1 run, yorker gone wrong, a low full-toss @138km/h, whipped away down to deep mid-wicket for a single
45.5
Rabada to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, short one on off-stump @140km/h, Mosaddek Hossain backs away and deflects it fine towards third man for a single
45.4
Rabada to Mosaddek Hossain, 2 runs, low full-toss @140km/h, whipped away to wide long-on for a couple
45.3
Rabada to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, slower one on a good length, @116km/h leg-cutter, steered with an open face towards backward point
45.2
Rabada to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, short of length delivery @138km/h just outside off, not a lot of width, Mosaddek steers it down late towards backward point
45.1
Rabada to Mahmudullah, 1 run, half-volley on middle, @142km/h, clipped away from the crease towards deep square leg for a single
44.6
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, short and outside off, Mosaddek Hossain advances down the wicket and drags it away with a pull towards the long-on boundary for four
44.5
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, FOUR, short ball, really well-directed, Mosaddek Hossain absolutely throws the kitchen-sink at the pull, with the bat-face facing down, gets a massive top-edge, might be off the back of the bat, towards fine third man - for a one-bounce four (believe me)
44.4
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, 1 run, length delivery straying onto the pads, turned away late towards deep square leg for a single
44.3
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, no run, slower one @114km/h, on a good length, Mahmudullah tries running it down towards backward point, early into it, gets an inside edge (of the open face) back towards the bowler
44.2
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, short one at the head, Mosaddek Hossain swivels on his heel with a blind hook, mistimes it off the top-half towards square leg for a quick single as deep square leg rushes in
44.1
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short of length delivery angling in, Mosaddek Hossain gets low and carves it away late towards third man for a single
43.6
Tahir to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, googly on middle, Mosaddek Hossain tries nudging it away into the on-side, misses, struck on the pad, massive appeal, but possibly turning down leg-side
43.5
Tahir to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, a flipper skidding through on middle, kept down off the backfoot
43.4
Tahir to Mahmudullah, 1 run, a googly, steered against the spin towards cover point for a single
43.3
Tahir to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, very full again, Mosaddek Hossain whip-drives it back towards the non-striker, Tahir dives across to cut it off, tries flicking it back on the fly to run the non-striker out as they attempt a run, but misses - he was easily in though, and they complete a run
43.2
Tahir to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, loopy, goes straight on from a fullish length, deadbatted off the frontfoot
43.1
Tahir to Mahmudullah, 1 run, leg-break outside off, Mahmudullah opens the face off the frontfoot and steers it away towards short third man for a single. Good work by Rabada to cut it off with a dive...
42.6
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, 1 run, short and on the ribs @127km/h, Mosaddek Hossain pulls it away with some level of discomfort behind square leg for a single
42.5
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, 1 run, short of length delivery without much width, glided down towards deep backward point for a single
42.4
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, leg byes, 4, back of a length delivery angling in on the thigh, Mosaddek Hossain misses the glance, and that's run away to the fine leg boundary off the thigh
42.3
Phehlukwayo to Mosaddek Hossain, no run, short and wide again, Mosaddek Hossain has a slash at it, no feet though, and misses
42.2
Phehlukwayo to Mahmudullah, 1 run, back of a length delivery just outside off, tapped on the head and guided to third man for a single
42.1
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, out Caught by van der Dussen! A fantastic innings comes to an end! Short and wide, Rahim charges down and has a scimitarish scythe at it - unfortunately finds deep backward point to perfection and misses out on a well-deserved hundred. The celebration by Phehlukwayo will tell you what the wicket means to the South Africans wkt (5-250) min (131m). Rahim c van der Dussen b Phehlukwayo 78(80) [4s-8]
41.6
Tahir to Mahmudullah, no run, nice length just outside off, Mahmudullah lunges forward and deadbats
41.5
Tahir to Mahmudullah, no run, the googly, loopy, turning in, the batsman misses with the forward defence, and a massive appeal. No reviews left, but that might have been turning down leg
41.4
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, very full and loopy on middle and leg, Rahim whips it away towards cow corner for a single
41.3
Tahir to Mahmudullah, 1 run, very full outside off, driven away with the turn to sweeper cover for a single
41.2
Tahir to Mahmudullah, 2 runs, flatter and quicker on leg-stump, Mahmudullah whips it away towards mid-wicket, they're going for two, the shout from the bowler is "'keeper, 'keeper", but the throw isn't good enough as they manage to hurry across for two
41.1
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, very full one on middle, nudged away in front of square leg for a single
40.6
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, no run, a 136km/h short ball on the body, Mahmudullah is hurried, twists his torso into a hasty pull to the man at square leg
40.5
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, no run, back of a length delivery @134km/h just outside off, Mahmudullah opens the face and steers it towards backward point - can't find the gap
40.4
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, no run, some good gas behind this short one, well-directed too, and Mahmudullah drops his wrists before swaying out of the way to let it through
40.3
Chris Morris to Mahmudullah, no run, back of a length and wide outside off @135km/h, Mahmudullah shapes up to cut, but the skiddy nature of the bounce makes him miss
40.2
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, short of length delivery @135km/h on the hips, but even shorter for the rather short Rahim, who swivels and pulls it away towards backward square leg for a single
40.1
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, shortish one angling in on off @129km/h, Rahim has a cramped cross-batted pull straight back to the bowler. Late on it, clearly
39.6
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, a tad short, Rahim gets low to carve it away square of the wicket for another single
39.5
Tahir to Mahmudullah, 1 run, tossed up temptingly outside off, Mahmudullah stretches to the pitch and drives it down to long-off for a single
39.4
Tahir to Mithun, out Bowled! Knocked 'im over! He's chopped it on! I think he's read the topspinner from the arm, and despite that, he's opted for the sweep. Poor shot selection, I must say. Lands on off-stump, Mithun makes room and clears his leg to sweep, gets a thick under-edge onto the stumps - and hasn't realized that he was bowled. He was looking for a single to fine leg, and then realizes, to his horror, that the bails have lit up. He's gotta go, and Tahir goes for another calorie-burner of a sprint wkt (4-242) min (21m). Mithun b Tahir 21(21) [4s-2 6s-1]
39.3
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, another loopy full one on leg-stump, whipped away towards deep mid-wicket for a single
39.2
Tahir to Mithun, 1 run, straying on the pads, nudged away towards square leg for a single
39.1
Tahir to Mithun, no run, loopy topspinner on off, Mithun lunges forward and pushes it to cover
38.6
Chris Morris to Mithun, 1 run, short and into the body, pulled away straight to the man at fine leg for a single to retain the strike
38.5
Chris Morris to Mithun, no run, back of a length delivery on middle and off, Mithun hops and tries glancing, gets a leading edge towards cover
38.4
Chris Morris to Mithun, 2 runs, short one on the off-side, Mithun drags it after shifting his weight into the off-side and guides it with a pull behind deep square leg for a couple
38.3
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, short of length delivery on middle and off, Rahim drops it off the backfoot into the off-side and scurries across for a sharp single
38.2
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, back of a length delivery, marginally wide, stays a little low, Rahim tries crouching even lower to cut it away, and it fizzes through over the top-edge
38.1
Chris Morris to Mithun, 1 run, short one into the body of the not-so-tall Mushy, he hastily pulls it away towards cow corner for a single
37.6
Markram to Mithun, 1 run, tossed up once again on the stumps, Mithun steps across and takes it on the full by reaching out, laps it away towards short fine leg for a quick single
37.5
Markram to Mithun, FOUR, tosses it up and across from round the wicket but on a half-volley length, Mithun smokes it straight down the ground for four. They're turning - it - on...
37.4
Markram to Mithun, SIX, finally he's punished the short one! Drops it half-way down the pitch again, and he has to pay the price as Mithun absolutely smokes the pull over deep square leg
37.3
Markram to Mithun, no run, shortish once again, skids through across the batsman, punched back off the backfoot
37.2
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, shortish one on the hips, tucked away off the backfoot towards deep square leg for a single
37.1
Markram to Rahim, no run, Markram from round the wicket, 87km/h, flatter and across, skids the short one through, tries the cut, misses
36.6
Rabada to Mithun, no run, oh that's a screamer of a yorker at the base of off-stump at 146km/h, and Mithun has done equally well to get his bat down in time to dig it out into the off-side
36.5
Rabada to Mithun, no run, @139km/h, back of a length delivery just marginally wide outside off, Mithun shuffles across into a front-on position and shoulders arms
36.4
Rabada to Mithun, no run, peppers him with another short one, outside the off-stump, Mithun hops to get on top of the bounce and drops it behind square on the off-side
36.3
Rabada to Mithun, no run, @141km/h, short of length delivery aimed at the gut, has Mithun hopping who manages to take his bottom-hand off and defends
36.3
Rabada to Mithun, wide, a very full and fast one @146km/h, all in vain - a wide down the leg-side
36.2
Rabada to Mithun, no run, another in-seamer, @141km/h, on a back of a length, defended off the tip-toe into the on-side - inside-edge, a thick one, and they won't go for the run
36.1
Rabada to Mithun, no run, back of a length delivery in the zone outside off, seams sharply back in, 139km/h, Mithun defends off a tall stance, is cut in half by the abrupt lateral movement - through to the 'keeper
35.6
Tahir to Rahim, no run, fires it through flat, Rahim defends it back to the bowler. A successful over for South Africa comes to an end
35.5
Tahir to Mithun, 1 run, loopy delivery on off, steered square of the wicket for a quick single
35.4
Tahir to Mithun, FOUR, a juicy full-toss, dipping, Mithun reaches out and slog-sweeps it to the deep mid-wicket rope for a one-bounce four
35.3
Tahir to Mithun, no run, a bit more overspin on this, Mithun deadbats off the backfoot
35.2
Tahir to Mithun, no run, skids through from a back of a length, hastily defended
35.1
Tahir to Shakib, out Bowled! Finally, relief for South Africa. That sprint, that signature sprint in his 100th ODI. A loopy and full leg-break on middle, Shakib gets across to sweep it behind square and the ball doesn't turn much - however, it evades the bat to crash into the stumps. Always a risk with cross-batted shots, especially with the overspin components coming into play with the wristspinner. An almighty sprint. Good cardio for Tahir wkt (3-217) min (117m). Shakib b Tahir 75(84) [4s-8 6s-1]
34.6
Rabada to Shakib, 1 run, low full-toss, driven down to sweeper cover for a single
34.5
Rabada to Shakib, no run, South Africa review! It's been given not out. They're appealing for caught behind. Faf is furious that QdK isn't prompt about the DRS. Goes for the review. No spike on UltraEdge, but that's a flatline. Hopefully not a sign of things to come. It was a short one at the body, flew over a blind-hook from Shakib, and QdK was quick with the appeal straightaway. The decision is upheld - NOT OUT.
34.4
Rabada to Shakib, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Shakib drives through the line towards cover, where Markram dives to cut it off. The bat twisted in his hand, so not the best timing, but excellent ground-fielding by Markram
34.3
Rabada to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length delivery on middle and off, Rahim hops to tap it towards cover point and they scramble through for a sharp single
34.2
Rabada to Rahim, no run, short of length delivery into the ribs, Rahim drops it into the on-side off the backfoot
34.1
Rabada to Rahim, no run, back of a length and angling in, Rahim backs away and opens the face to guide it towards backward point
33.6
Tahir to Shakib, FOUR, hasn't picked the wrong 'un, tries lofting through the line after backing away into the on-side, gets a thick outside edge that goes fine of short third man for four
33.5
Tahir to Shakib, 2 runs, a full-toss, Shakib lofts it with poor timing towards long-off as it dribbles away - two runs
33.4
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, loads of flight, but far too full, Rahim waits and drills it with a dominant bottom-hand towards sweeper cover for a single
33.3
Tahir to Shakib, 1 run, leg-break, a full one, on middle, swept away behind square leg for a single
33.2
Tahir to Shakib, no run, very full, almost a dipping yorker, Shakib digs it back out
33.1
Tahir to Shakib, no run, loopy one on off, Shakib tries going over mid-off, gets a thick outside edge to gully
32.6
Rabada to Rahim, no run, another furious bouncer from Rabada, Rahim ducks under it and lets it go
32.5
Rabada to Rahim, FOUR, edged and four, nothing going South Africa's way at the moment, short of a good length and kept rising onto the right-hander, Rahim tried to ride the bounce, did play with soft hands, but the ball bounced off the shoulder of the bat and rode fine - third man puts in the dive, but in vain
32.4
Rabada to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, dabbed in front of JPD at backward point and he set-off for a quick single, the shy is at his end and Shakib has to put in the dive to make home
32.3
Rabada to Shakib, no run, on a good length and well outside off, driven straight to the fielder at mid-off
32.2
Rabada to Rahim, 1 run, Rabada shortens his length outside off, steered away with an open face towards third man
32.1
Rabada to Shakib, 1 run, back of a length and angling into the left-hander, Shakib runs it down towards third man for a single
31.6
Tahir to Shakib, 1 run, Tahir gives this one more air, eased down towards long-on for a single, raises Bangladesh's 200
31.5
Tahir to Shakib, FOUR, lovely, low full-toss from Tahir, Shakib leans forward and flicks it over mid-wicket, couple of bounces and over the ropes
31.4
Tahir to Shakib, no run, tossed up at the stumps, Shakib leans across and drives it to mid-on - JPD fumbled and Shakib wanted a single, was down a few paces and then has to rush back
31.3
Tahir to Shakib, no run, the leg-break once again, the length is slightly short, Shakib makes room and finds backward point
31.2
Tahir to Shakib, no run, the leg-break from Tahir, Shakib went hard on the drive and mistimed it back at the bowler
31.1
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, tossed up on Rahim's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
30.6
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, on a good length and well wide of off, chopped hard and straight to the fielder at backward point
30.5
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, that's a quick bouncer, short and at the batsman, Shakib was very late on the pull and is beaten on the top-edge
30.4
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, tad fuller and at the stumps, Shakib pushes forward and gets an inside edge to the on-side
30.3
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 1 run, on a good length and just outside off, Rahim runs it down towards third man for a single
30.2
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 2 runs, width on offer from Phehlukwayo, Rahim rides the bounce and cracks it square past point - more work for the fielder in the deep and he does well to save the boundary
30.1
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, short of a length and well outside off, chopped down towards third man for a single
29.6
Tahir to Shakib, 1 run, the wrong 'un from Tahir, but the length is short and allows Shakib to clatter it to deep cover for a single
29.5
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, Rahim brings out the reverse sweep now, gets an under-edge on the shot and it needed a diving stop at short third man to prevent a boundary
29.4
Tahir to Rahim, FOUR, beautifully played, very full and sliding down leg, Rahim bends down low, rolls his wrists and sweeps it fine, beats the man in the ring and runs away to the ropes
29.3
Tahir to Shakib, 1 run, flighted delivery on off, whipped away towards long-on for a single
29.2
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, nicely tossed up on off, Rahim gets his left leg out of the way and drills it to deep cover for a single
29.1
Tahir to Rahim, no run, pushed through on off, Rahim makes room and finds backward point with the cut
28.6
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 1 run, full and at the stumps, flicked in front of square on the on-side for a single
28.5
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, no run, back of a length and just outside off, Rahim was slightly hurried on the pull, mistimed it towards mid-on
28.4
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, FOUR, short, wide and four, Rahim stands tall and cuts it superbly over backward point, no chance for the fielder at third man - raises his fifty with that shot
28.3
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, no run, the slower ball from Phehlukwayo, Rahim plays with soft hands and drops it by his feet
28.2
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, no run, that was close, short of a length and just outside off, Rahim was looking to chop it away, off the under-edge and didn't miss the off-stump by much
28.1
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Rahim drops it in front of cover and wants a single, sent back by his partner
27.6
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, another short ball from Morris, Rahim swivelled across on the pull, is late on the shot and it lobs backward of square on the on-side for a single
27.5
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, short of a length and on Rahim's pads, nudged towards backward square leg
27.5
Chris Morris to Rahim, wide, Morris shortens his length and slants this one down the leg-side, called as a wide
27.4
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, slower ball on Rahim's pads, clipped straight to the fielder at square leg
27.3
Chris Morris to Shakib, 1 run, another slower short ball from Morris, Shakib swivels across and swats it to deep mid-wicket, brings up the 100-run stand with the single
27.2
Chris Morris to Shakib, no run, yorker length delivery outside off, Shakib squeezes it straight to the fielder at backward point
27.1
Chris Morris to Shakib, FOUR, that has been shovelled, length delivery outside off and Shakib swings it over mid-wicket - it was the slower ball and Shakib spotted it - plenty of open areas over mid-wicket and the ball bounces away to the ropes
26.6
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Shakib swivels across and pulls it to the right of deep mid-wicket - Rassie van der Dussen is quick on the ball and he keeps them down to a single
26.5
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, short and wide of off, slapped straight to the fielder at backward point
26.4
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, appeal for LBW, but the angle was taking it down leg, came from wide of the crease and slanted it into the left-hander, Shakib was looking to flick and got a thick inside edge onto the pads - not out on more than once count
26.3
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 1 run, short and at the stumps, pulled down towards long leg for a single
26.2
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, full and angling into the left-hander, Shakib slightly fell over on the flick, but managed to place it behind square on the on-side for a single
26.1
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, Rahim plays with an open face and runs it down towards third man
25.6
Chris Morris to Shakib, FOUR, top-edge and four, fifty for Shakib, punches gloves with his partner as Bangladesh supporters cheer - banged in short and kept rising onto the left-hander, Shakib was in no position on the pull, gets a fat top-edge that lobs over de Kock and rolls away to the ropes
25.5
Chris Morris to Shakib, no run, tad fuller and just outside off, brings out a mistimed drive from Shakib - was looking to whip at first and then changed his decision - runs away without any timing to mid-off
25.4
Chris Morris to Shakib, no run, change of pace from Morris, slower ball outside off, Shakib leans across and pushes it to the off-side
25.3
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, that's a good short ball and it took Rahim by surprise - took his eyes off the ball on the pull, managed to roll his wrists and place it past square leg for a single
25.2
Chris Morris to Shakib, 1 run, short of a good length and just outside off, steered behind square on the off-side for a single
25.1
Chris Morris to Shakib, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Shakib leans across and finds cover with the drive
24.6
Jp Duminy to Rahim, FOUR, lovely, tad too full and just outside off, Rahim waits on it and then drives, places it wide of cover and the man in the deep has no chance. Nothing going right for South Africa at the moment, except for the toss
24.5
Jp Duminy to Rahim, no run, Jp Duminy drifts one on Rahim's pads, he was early on the tuck, closed the bat-face and the leading edge popped back at the bowler - bounced well in front of JPD
24.4
Jp Duminy to Shakib, 1 run, flighted delivery on Shakib's pads, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
24.3
Jp Duminy to Shakib, no run, tossed up on off, Shakib leans forward and pushes it back at the bowler
24.2
Jp Duminy to Rahim, 1 run, dropped short and wide of off, cracked square on the off-side for a single
24.1
Jp Duminy to Rahim, FOUR, cracking shot, a rank long hop from Jp Duminy, dropped short and well outside off, Rahim makes room and cuts it in front of square on the off-side, the man in the deep is square and has no chance
23.6
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, Rahim swivels across, rolls his wrists and pulls it behind square on the on-side for a single
23.5
Chris Morris to Shakib, 1 run, length ball on Shakib's pads, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single
23.4
Chris Morris to Shakib, no run, on a good length and from round the wicket, Shakib leans across and pushes it to cover
23.3
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length and just outside off, dabbed down towards third man for a single
23.2
Chris Morris to Rahim, 2 runs, short and wide of off, Rahim gets on top of the bounce and cuts it square past point - lot of work for Miller and he does well to keep them down to a brace
23.1
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, on a good length and at the stumps, Rahim leans across and defends it to mid-on
22.6
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, flighted delivery around middle, nudged behind square on the on-side for an easy single
22.5
Markram to Shakib, 1 run, very full and at the stumps, wristily worked down towards long-on for a single
22.4
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, slower and at the stumps, eased back past the bowler for a single
22.3
Markram to Rahim, FOUR, streaky and four, Rahim was beaten in the flight as he came down the track, was looking to go over mid-off, but the bat turned at the point of contact - ended up slicing it in the air and wide of mid-off for a boundary
22.2
Markram to Shakib, 1 run, tad too short from Markram, Shakib rocks back and pulls it down to long-on for a single
22.1
Markram to Shakib, no run, tossed up on off, driven back at the bowler
21.6
Tahir to Rahim, no run, flighted delivery on off, Rahim plays with an open face and guides it to backward point
21.5
Tahir to Rahim, 2 runs, nicely played, the leg-break from Tahir, Rahim watched it all along, went across his stumps and then swept it behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
21.4
Tahir to Rahim, no run, nicely tossed up on off, Rahim gets across and defends it to the off-side
21.3
Tahir to Rahim, 2 runs, loopy delivery outside off, Mushfiqur clears his left leg and drives it wide of long-off, comes back for the second run
21.2
Tahir to Shakib, 1 run, flighted delivery outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
21.1
Tahir to Shakib, FOUR, edged and four, the wrong 'un and Shakib didn't read it, shuffled across on the cut and gets a thick edge, wide of the lone slip and runs away to the ropes
20.6
Markram to Shakib, 1 run, slower and just outside off, eased down towards long-off for a single
20.5
Markram to Shakib, no run, Markram drifts one into Shakib's pads, he was looking to turn it to the on-side and missed, off the pad and rolled to the on-side
20.4
Markram to Shakib, no run, Markram tosss one on the leg-stump line, Shakib was looking to work it towards the on-side and missed
20.3
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, Markram drifts one on the leg-stump line, clipped in front of square on the on-side for a run
20.2
Markram to Shakib, 1 run, flighted at the stumps, Shakib goes back and work it wide of mid-wicket for a single
20.1
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, tossed up on Rahim's pads, nudged past mid-wicket for a single
19.6
Tahir to Shakib, no run, pushed through outside off, Shakib backed away on the cut and mistimed it to the off-side
19.5
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, nicely tossed up outside off, driven down towards long-off for a single
19.4
Tahir to Shakib, 1 run, Tahir tosses one well outside off, eased in front of cover for a single
19.3
Tahir to Shakib, no run, slower and well outside off, Shakib leans across and finds cover with the drive
19.2
Tahir to Rahim, leg byes, 1 run, huge shout for LBW, but Rahim was struck well outside off, he was trying to be too cheeky - moved across his stumps and tried the fine paddle, struck high on the thigh-pad and lobbed over the keeper's head
19.1
Tahir to Rahim, FOUR, another fumble and this time it costs four runs, a straightforward ball and somehow Morris let the ball slip by - flighted delivery outside leg and Rahim swept it straight to backward square leg
18.6
Markram to Shakib, no run, tossed up on off, driven to the right of the bowler who flings himself at the ball and saves a run
18.5
Markram to Shakib, FOUR, cracking shot, tad too short from Markram, Shakib waits on it and cuts it late - to the right of backward point where Rabada can't reach out despite the dive - Bangladesh are scoring runs at a good clip
18.4
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, Rahim runs down the track, made room and then drills it straight to mid-off for a single
18.3
Markram to Shakib, 1 run, tad too short from Markram, punched down towards long-off for a single
18.2
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, tossed up around middle, worked away behind square on the on-side for a single
18.1
Markram to Rahim, no run, very full and wide of off, driven straight to the fielder at cover
17.6
Tahir to Shakib, no run, nicely tossed up outside off, dropped in front of Shakib and made him reach for the drive, squirts it off the outer half towards backward point
17.5
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, fraction too short from Tahir, allows Rahim to go back and turn it past square leg for a single
17.4
Tahir to Shakib, 1 run, tossed up well outside off, Shakib leans across and drives it square on the off-side for a single
17.3
Tahir to Rahim, 1 run, a direct hit might have had Rahim struggling - went back to a well flighted delivery and nudged it behind square, called for a quick single and took on Pretorious - a direct hit and he might have been struggling
17.2
Tahir to Rahim, no run, the leg-break from Tahir, slower and just outside off, Rahim goes back and defends it to the off-side
17.1
Tahir to Rahim, no run, tossed up at the stumps, Rahim goes back and turns it to backward square leg
16.6
Markram to Shakib, no run, nicely tossed up outside off, Shakib stays in the crease and drives it to the left of cover-point. Rabada tumbles across and makes a smart save
16.5
Markram to Shakib, FOUR, lovely, pushed through flatter and quicker, Shakib makes room and then cuts it late, bisects the two fielders in the ring and rolls away to the point boundary
16.4
Markram to Shakib, no run, tossed up on off, Shakib leans forward and pushes it back at the bowler
16.3
Markram to Shakib, 2 runs, fraction too short and wide of off, chopped away square on the off-side and Miller is quick to get across at deep point, keeps them down to a couple
16.2
Markram to Rahim, 1 run, Markram drifts one on the leg-stump line, nudged behind square on the on-side for a single
16.1
Markram to Rahim, no run, tossed up from round the wicket, Rahim leans across and turns it to the on-side
15.6
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, another short ball from Morris, Rahim swivels across, rolls his wrists over and pulls it down to long leg, brings up Bangladesh's 100 with that single
15.5
Chris Morris to Shakib, 1 run, fuller length delivery on Shakib's pads, whipped in front of square on the on-side for a single
15.4
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Rahim rides the bounce and steers it down towards third man for a single
15.3
Chris Morris to Shakib, 1 run, banged in short and at the stumps, once again - Shakib is late on the pull and drags it down to long leg
15.2
Chris Morris to Shakib, SIX, Shakib had no control over the pull, but he has managed to send the ball over the ropes - banged in short and it kept climbing onto the left-hander, Shakib wasn't in a great position on the pull, more of a top-edge, went very high and behind square on the on-side. Pretorious ran across to his right from long leg and watches it sail over his head
15.1
Chris Morris to Shakib, 2 runs, fuller length delivery outside off, Shakib leans forward, plays with an open face and finds the gap past cover, back for the second run
14.6
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, no run, slower ball - looped up at 126kph, full and on the stumps, knocked to mid-on
14.5
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, turned around the corner - deep backward square leg
14.4
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, 130kph, shortish ball slanted down leg, Shakib doesn't make contact with his pull shot. Was very close to the glove. Shakib reckons that it should have been wided
14.3
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 1 run, 129kph, shortened length, steered to third man
14.2
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, 132kph, in-seamer from a fullish length, Shakib gets an inside edge on his drive that eludes the stumps and rolls to fine leg
14.1
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, 128kph, fuller than a good length ball, Shakib is on the walk as he blocks it to cover
13.6
Chris Morris to Shakib, 1 run, 135kph, short ball that doesn't rise much, swivel-pulled to deep square leg
13.5
Chris Morris to Rahim, 1 run, 137kph, loads of width on offer, Rahim employs a fierce square cut. A single to deep point
13.4
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, cut off the back foot, finds backward point
13.3
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, 138kph, on a length and attacking the sticks, Rahim looks to work it through leg and gets a soft leading edge that dies down adjacent to the pitch on the off-side
13.2
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, good carry through to the keeper. Rears up off a good length delivery and Rahim let it go on line (outside off). Quinton de Kock collected it in front of his face
13.1
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, 139kph, pitched up delivery, a forward walking Rahim push-drives to mid-on
12.6
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 1 run, 127kph, fullish ball on middle and leg, clipped away into the mid-wicket pocket
12.5
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, 130kph, width on offer and that's been steered to third man
12.4
Phehlukwayo to Rahim, 1 run, 130kph, short-pitched delivery, might have held into the pitch a bit. Hence, Rahim loses his timing on the pull shot. An inside edge that rolls to square leg
12.3
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, 130kph, straying on leg, turned with the angle to deep square leg
12.2
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, fuller than a good length ball, pushed back to the bowler
12.1
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, shortish ball, Shakib mistimes the pull to mid-on
11.6
Chris Morris to Rahim, FOUR, Rahim gets off the mark with a boundary. Short and wide at 136kph, Rahim jumps and fiercely cuts it to the left of backward point. Nice shot to get underway
11.5
Chris Morris to Rahim, no run, short of a good length ball around off, Rahim rides the bounce and pokes it into the off-side
11.4
Chris Morris to Soumya Sarkar, out Caught by de Kock!! Quinton de Kock dives forward and claims a catch. Soumya Sarkar is walking. The bouncer does the trick. An in-slanting bumper from round the wicket and Sarkar swiveled to pull. The ball bounced a touch extra than the batsman expected and it popped up off the glove. Quinton charged in and dived full length to complete a very good catch. The in-form, set batsman has been scalped by Morris wkt (2-75) min (58m). Soumya Sarkar c De Kock b Chris Morris 42(30) [4s-9]
11.3
Chris Morris to Shakib, 1 run, 138kph, full and on the pads, helped on its way to fine leg
11.2
Chris Morris to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 136kph, straighter line, tucked through square leg with ease
11.1
Chris Morris to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length delivery at 134kph from round the wicket, Soumya Sarkar wants to run it down to third man, stopped by a sliding Jp Duminy at backward point
10.6
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, Shakib walks forward and gently taps this fullish ball towards point
10.6
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, wide, Phehlukwayo slips one down leg
10.5
Phehlukwayo to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, sticks his bat out at an angle to a length ball outside off and outside-halves it to third man
10.4
Phehlukwayo to Soumya Sarkar, no run, bouncer on leg-stump line, Soumya Sarkar swivels and fails to make contact with his pull. Wasn't far away from the glove
10.3
Phehlukwayo to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, an aerial chip-drive off the front foot. The short cover fielder flew to his right, but it evades him and runs away to the fence
10.2
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, 1 run, steered down to third man
10.1
Phehlukwayo to Soumya Sarkar, leg byes, 1 run, Soumya Sarkar is beaten on the inside edge by this zippy delivery and is struck on the front leg. A loud appeal for lbw, not given. South Africa review! Legal delivery. Soumya was rooted in his crease and the impact was above the knee-roll. Clipping the top of leg-stump -- umpire's call! South Africa don't lose a review and Sarkar survives. The ball nipped in off the deck and hence the batsman was taken aback. Phehlukwayo was very confident and that looked very close to the naked eye
9.6
Rabada to Shakib, no run, very full ball outside off at 145kph, squeezed out to backward point
9.5
Rabada to Shakib, no run, 138kph, on a length and around off, Shakib blocks from the crease
9.4
Rabada to Shakib, no run, 143kph! Shorter in length and Shakib has a wild waft at it, gets beaten ... courtesy extra bounce
9.3
Rabada to Shakib, FOUR, Shakib is underway with a boundary. Rabada offers width on this back of a length delivery, Shakib stands tall and fiercely scythes it through point. Raced away
9.2
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, shortish ball at 139kph, Soumya Sarkar rides the bounce and runs it down to third man
9.1
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, no run, loose shot. Sees the width outside off on this fullish ball (from round the wicket) and throws his bat lazily for a drive. Gets beaten on the outside edge
8.6
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, defended into the off-side from the crease
8.5
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, skiddy length ball on middle, Shakib hurriedly tucks it to the on-side
8.4
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, acrobatic Jp Duminy saves a certain boundary. Shakib punched hard off the front foot and the ball went at a rapid speed off the ground. Jp Duminy at backward point leapt to his left and stopped with both hands
8.3
Phehlukwayo to Shakib, no run, with two slips in place Phehlukwayo bowls a fullish ball, Shakib walks forward and across to push it down the pitch
8.2
Phehlukwayo to Tamim, out Caught by de Kock!! Andile Phehlukwayo strikes in his very first over. There's the much-needed breakthrough for the Proteas. Look at Phehlukwayo, he jumps and punches the air in delight. A seam-up delivery from round the wicket that seams away a touch. Forced Tamim to play a shot and all Tamim managed with his poke was a faint outside edge. Easy take for the man with the gloves wkt (1-40) min (60m). Tamim c de Kock b Phehlukwayo 16(29) [4s-2]
8.1
Phehlukwayo to Tamim, leg byes, 2 runs, 127kph, length ball on the pads from round the wicket, Tamim inside-edges the tickle to fine leg. Given as leg-byes ... must have been off the pads then
7.6
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, no run, Rabada shortens his length and gets it to angle across, Soumya Sarkar respects it and lifts his bat up
7.5
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 145kph, another attempted dab from the southpaw, Faf flies to his left at second slip to make an excellent stop
7.4
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, class shot! No real feet movement, but that was such an eye-pleasing stroke. Rabada offers width and Soumya middled the cover drive. The placement was spot-on
7.3
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, no run, no feet movement and Soumya Sarkar wants to replicate the same shot, gets a thin outside edge that goes to the keeper on the bounce
7.2
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, 142kph! A risky shot, but effective. A short of length delivery angling away and Soumya Sarkar opens his bat-face to steer it away. An ambitious shot considering two slips in place. He managed to get it wide of Faf
7.1
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, no run, gets slightly squared up does Soumya Sarkar by this short of length delivery, but manages to keep it out on the off-side as he defended with soft hands
6.6
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, FOUR, what a reply from the batsman! Ngidi shortens his length, Tamim spotted that quickly and smashed the pull through mid-wicket. His bat does the talking..
6.5
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, straight-batted push back at the bowler and Ngidi has a needless shy at the striker's end. Tamim was inside the crease and in order to avoid getting hit he offered his bat. The ball rolled to third man ... and the batsmen decide not to take a run. Boos follow from the crowd
6.4
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, good length delivery, Tamim defends off the inner half of the bat
6.3
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, in-anging full ball, Soumya Sarkar wants to repeat the shot he played off th previous ball, inside-edges it to fine leg
6.2
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, glorious shot! Ngidi goes full and in the process overpitches at 140ks, Soumya Sarkar shows the maker's name as he plays a superb straight drive past the bowler. No need to run for those
6.1
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, edged and four! Length ball from round the wicket and Soumya Sarkar did open his bat-face, but it went off the outside edge and beat Faf to his left at second slip. Third man is too square, can't cut it off
5.6
Rabada to Tamim, no run, nasty bouncer! Tamim gets into a tangle as he awkwardly fends at it. The ball pops up off the glove/shoulder of the bat. Luckily for Tamim, it falls well short of de Kock
5.5
Rabada to Tamim, no run, pushed across the left-hander, Tamim lifts his bat and lets it go
5.4
Rabada to Tamim, FOUR, good looking shot. Didn't over-hit and relied on timing. Short of a good length around the fourth-fifth stump channel, Tamim gets half-forward and caresses it through the point. The quick outfield does the rest
5.3
Rabada to Tamim, no run, taps this back of a length delivery at 141kph into the off-side and looks to steal a run, rightly decides against it
5.3
Rabada to Tamim, wide, 5 Rabada bangs it in short and over-does it. Rears up off the deck and flies well over the batter's head. No chance for de Kock to stop that
5.2
Rabada to Tamim, no run, shortish ball angled across the southpaw, Tamim plays inside the line and lets it go
5.1
Rabada to Tamim, no run, full on the pads, Tamim misses the flick and wears it on the pad. Pitched outside leg
4.6
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, edged .... and that goes through the gap between first and second slip! Ngidi changed the angle and almost got the breakthrough. From round the wicket, Ngidi probably got the ball to nip away a touch. Sarkar poked and got a thick outside edge. Faf at second slip moved to his right and then pulled out of it at the last moment. That was his catch. And Markram at first slip could only watch it go past him
4.5
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, no run, now he tries to run one down to third man, ends up guiding the length ball to second slip
4.4
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, back-to-back pull shots. Similar delivery, once again Soumya Sarkar picks it and pulls it well in front of square on the on-side. Came off the meat of the bat
4.3
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, authoritative pull shot! Ngidi bowls one short ... but sans any venom. Soumya Sarkar picked the length early, got into a good position and sent it over mid-wicket
4.2
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, 1 run, 140kph, on a length and Tamim knocks it in front of mid-on for a quick single
4.1
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 139kph, going away from lefty with the angle, Soumya Sarkar sticks his bat out and dabs it to the left of third man. Rabada is quick to mop it up
3.6
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 144kph, angled across the left-hander, Tamim has a good look at it before shouldering arms
3.5
Rabada to Tamim, 2 runs, 145kph, full and curling in, Tamim bends his back knee to play a booming cover drive, ekes out an inside edge that rolls through square leg
3.4
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, leg byes, 1 run, full and on the pads at 142kph, Soumya Sarkar misses the flick and the ball deflects to backward square leg off his pad
3.3
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 145kph! Angled away and Soumya Sarkar mistimes the drive to the left of mid-off
3.2
Rabada to Tamim, 1 run, 140kph, touch of in-swing on this length ball and Tamim works it in the gap between mid-on and mid-wicket
3.1
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 141kph, back of a length delivery that nipped in a touch, Soumya Sarkar's bottom comes off the handle as he steers it to third man
2.6
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, 140kph, caps off the over with another full-pitched delivery that's been driven straight to the man in the cover region
2.5
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, ooh! Away-angler from a fullish length that might have nibbled away further off the deck. Tamim wants to go after with a drive, gets beaten by the angle
2.4
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, 141kph, full again but closer to off on this occasion, Tamim goes for another cover-drive and inside-edges it towards square leg
2.3
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, 2 runs, hurled fuller and wider outside off at 140kph, Tamim leans and drives through extra cover. Not off the middle and has to settle with a couple
2.2
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, 137kph, short of a good length ball, bunted to the left of the bowler
2.1
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, beaten! Short of a good length ball at 135kph in that corridor of uncertainty. Tamim was forced to play at it and the left-hander stuck his bat out to have a feel for it. Was very close to the nick
1.6
Rabada to Tamim, 1 run, full and outside off, Tamim plays a booming drive and gets a fat outside edge that flies well past the second slip fielder. A single to third man
1.5
Rabada to Tamim, no run, skiddy hip-tickler and Tamim is late to close his bat-face. Raps him on the thigh pad and rolls into the on-side
1.4
Rabada to Tamim, no run, good, sharp bouncer and Tamim ducks under it. The batsman has a look at the square leg umpire ... no signal made for a wide
1.3
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 140kph, on a good length and Tamim falls over as he tries to flick it away. Gets beaten for pace and is rapped on the front leg, but it pitched outside leg
1.2
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 141kph, pitched up delivery, Tamim plays a confident drive off the front foot but straight at the bowler
1.2
Rabada to Tamim, wide, Rabada errs in line, hint of inswing and ends up straying it down leg at 139kph, Tamim misses the flick and that's been wided
1.1
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 139kph, back of a length delivery that zips off the deck, Tamim hops and drops it into the on-side with a closed bat-face
0.6
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, no run, on a good length and marginally outside off, tapped with soft hands into the off-side. Tamim isn't interested in a single
0.5
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, a skiddy short of length delivery on middle and leg, Soumya Sarkar hung back in his crease and didn't quite middle the uppish tuck. He was a touch late into his shot and ended up chipping it over the man at mid-wicket. Despite the lack of timing, the quick outfield ensures that the ball goes to the fence. First boundary of the day!
0.4
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, no run, almost chopped it on! A shortened length at 135kph and Soumya Sarkar tries to chop it in front of square on the off-side. Gets an inside edge that fortunately for Bangladesh misses the sticks
0.3
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 138kph, Ngidi goes fuller - no real movement - and Soumya Sarkar strides forward to push it watchfully towards cover
0.2
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, 1 run, 138kph, straighter line, ends up on leg-stump and Tamim opens his account with a tickle to backward square leg
0.1
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, Ngidi starts with a seam-up away-angling delivery at 137kph, Tamim plays inside the line and lets it go through to the keeper. Decent carry-through to the keeper
Commentary
Jp Duminy,Miller,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Lungi Ngidi
Mashrafe Mortaza (c),Rahim,Shakib,Iqbal, Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar, Mosaddek Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Mehidy Hasan, Mohammad Saifuddin
