49.6
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, final delivery of the innings, and Santner ducks underneath the slower bouncer. If that doesn't tell the story of Archer's brilliance in these final overs, I don't know what does
49.5
Jofra Archer to Boult, 1 run, follows him down leg, and not just that, he nails the blockhole too. Boult jams it to mid-off
49.4
Jofra Archer to Boult, no run, slower yorker that dips on Boult and he squeezes it straight back
49.3
Jofra Archer to Matt Henry, out Bowled!! Fast full toss that storms past Henry's flashing blade and smashes into the top of off stump. One way or another, Archer finding the coveted top of off stump. wkt (8-240) min (7m). Matt Henry b Jofra Archer 4(2) [4s-1]
49.3
Jofra Archer to Matt Henry, wide, Henry's too late on that. The short ball whistles over him. Too high actually, called a wide
49.2
Jofra Archer to Santner, 1 run, would've been short with a direct-hit, even with his desperate dive. Went the other way this time, stepping to leg, but couldn't get hold of the slower ball. Mistimed it to extra cover and was always struggling with his weight leaning back
49.1
Jofra Archer to Santner, no run, goes well across the stumps and then expects a wide which isn't forthcoming. Had bounced over leg stump
48.6
Woakes to Matt Henry, FOUR, Henry's probably wondering what all the fuss is about. Picks the slower ball straightaway and clubs it through midwicket
48.5
Woakes to Santner, 1 run, mistimes this to mid-off and the best he can do is hustle towards the non-striker's end for a single
48.4
Woakes to Santner, no run, the free-hit spins by wastefully as Santner swings and misses. Fair amount of grip with the off-cutter for Woakes
48.4
Woakes to Santner, no ball, Woakes's arm goes up in apology after harrowing Santner with a beamer. Almost shoulder height that. Santner swung belatedly and was struck on the glove
48.3
Woakes to Latham, out Caught by (sub)James Vince!! Toe-ends the dipping full toss to mid-off. New Zealand's innings coming to a grinding halt in these death overs, with England using their variations splendidly. Woakes kept this pretty wide, so Latham just couldn't get any sort of power behind the connection. wkt (7-232) min (104m). Latham c (sub)James Vince b Woakes 47(56) [4s-2 6s-1]
48.3
Woakes to Latham, wide, 5 Buttler's undone by the spin on it. Terrible delivery this. Slower bouncer down the leg-side, bounced just in front of Buttler too who did his best to get behind it by closing his legs but it spun prodigiously
48.2
Woakes to Santner, 1 run, back of a length, slower delivery from Woakes and it's been swatted through to deep midwicket
48.1
Woakes to Latham, leg byes, 1 run, England gonna review this. Latham had walked right across the stumps, and if this is pitching in line, he's right in front. But Dharmasena's got it right, it was pitching just outside leg
47.6
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, slower short ball on off stump, Latham guides the pull - not hits the pull - he guides the pull to fine leg
47.5
Jofra Archer to Santner, 1 run, shuffles across, receives a full toss and drives it to mid-off
47.4
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, slower full toss outside off, Latham hits it only as far as cover
47.3
Jofra Archer to Latham, no run, sharp bouncer from Archer and Latham is happy to duck underneath, even at this stage. The way England are closing their bowling innings, it's reminiscent of a particular game at Edgbaston
47.2
Jofra Archer to Santner, 1 run, short of length on off, rose sharply on Santner who had to be on his toes - literally - to steer it behind backward point
47.1
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, slower ball on middle and leg, clipped behind square. Latham leaving the ugly slogging duties to his partners now, with his goal seemingly to stay till the end
46.6
Woakes to Latham, 1 run, full on middle, flicked through midwicket
46.5
Woakes to Colinde Grandhomme, out Caught by (sub)James Vince!! Colinde Grandhomme's wretched time with the bat ends. In that form, it wouldn't have taken much to deceive him so Woakes's neat slower ball is well above that threshold. He's through the flick early, spooning a leading edge to mid-off. 16 off 28 balls when his team expected an acceleration, quite the shocker. wkt (6-219) min (38m). Colinde Grandhomme c (sub)James Vince b Woakes 16(28)
46.4
Woakes to Latham, 1 run, Latham walks across the stumps and powers this slower ball to deep midwicket
46.3
Woakes to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, strange he didn't wind-up here. This is the chance. Archer's giving him nothing. Anyway, it straightens from short of length and is squirted off a thick edge towards point after a rather timid defensive block
46.2
Woakes to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, short of length on off, no pace on it from Woakes and Colinde Grandhomme settles for a tuck behind square. Some good placement fetches him two
46.1
Woakes to Latham, 1 run, slower length ball slanted wide of off, Latham drives to mid-off
45.6
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, beaten by the slower short ball. Brilliant from Archer, giving Colinde Grandhomme a miserable time out there
45.5
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, slower leg-cutter on off stump, Colinde Grandhomme was sitting deep in the crease and he probably picked it too. But in his eagerness - with mid-on inside the ring - he loses his shape and mistimes it along the ground
45.4
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, continues to struggle against Archer. And with the speedgun showing 150kph on this short ball, it's not hard to understand why. Too late on the pull, gets smacked on his gloves and his bat-followthrough almost deflects it behind to Buttler
45.3
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, slower ball on middle, works it through midwicket
45.2
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, low full toss on the pads, flicks it through midwicket
45.1
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, short of length, skids through quickly and Latham doesn't time the pull as well as he wants to. Still, a single through midwicket
44.6
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, ducks underneath the short ball. End of Wood's spell, a typically fiery one
44.5
Mark Wood to Latham, 1 run, not in control of this pull shot is Latham, but it safely drops short of fine leg. Where was Colinde Grandhomme going there? Was no two in it and he's rightly sent back by Latham. Buttler does really well with a wayward throw, makes a direct-hit from around five yards but Colinde Grandhomme had made it back in that time
44.4
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, ouch! Couldn't have been very pleasant. Short of length, skids through and strikes Latham on the midriff. Was only 134kph, not Wood's usual pace so that must've helped
44.3
Mark Wood to Latham, SIX, this is pitched right in the slot from Wood, and Latham - more than power - relies on his timing this time. Brings his wrists into play and whips it over midwicket. And he's hit this so well, it's cleared the long boundary
44.2
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, another wild heave from Latham and another failed attempt. Didn't get anything on this at all
44.1
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, this isn't his game, looking to hack the ball through midwicket. Gets it high on the bat and rolls to mid-on
43.6
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, short of length at the body, an off-cutter, tucks this through square leg
43.6
Jofra Archer to Latham, wide, Archer's a bit puzzled with this call but it's down the leg-side again, this bouncer. Fair enough from the umpire
43.6
Jofra Archer to Latham, wide, yorker down leg, no bat from Latham
43.5
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, leg byes, 1 run, another slower bouncer and Colinde Grandhomme's deceived again. Waaaaaaaaay early into the pull. Will pick a leg-bye off the shoulder
43.4
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, almost carries to Stokes at cover! Short of length outside off, Colinde Grandhomme's pretty much clueless about Archer's variations. When he's expecting seam-up, it doesn't arrive in time. Now he's waiting on it, but it's onto him too quickly. He's halfway into the slash when it hits him
43.4
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, wide, short ball just outside off, it's too high though and Colinde Grandhomme sensibly leaves
43.3
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, short of length, another mistimed pull from Latham, gets a single through midwicket
43.2
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, leg byes, 1 run, could've swivelled around and swung a second time if he really tried, that's how early he was into this pull shot. Completely done in by the slower short ball, wears it on the right shoulder
43.1
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, slower ball at the stumps, clipped wide of mid-on
42.6
Mark Wood to Latham, 1 run, badly mistimed pull shot from Latham, came right off the bottom as he looked to drag it from outside off. It falls short of deep midwicket
42.5
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, slower ball which is short and wide outside off, Colinde Grandhomme back-cuts to third man
42.4
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, length ball on middle and leg, clipped wide of fine leg
42.3
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, leg byes, 4, it works to New Zealand's benefit that Colinde Grandhomme fails to evade this short ball. It clips his arm and runs away fine for four. Was taking evasive action, so it's not a dead ball
42.2
Mark Wood to Latham, 1 run, back of a length delivery across middle and off, Latham steers wide of backward point
42.1
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, full on leg stump, flicked down to fine leg
41.6
Jofra Archer to Latham, no run, short ball at 143kph, not the slippery variety though which creeps up on the batsman. This one was quite high from the start, Latham ducks comfortably
41.6
Jofra Archer to Latham, wide, slower ball down the leg-side, Latham's weight falls over as he looks to flick
41.5
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, pitched up on off stump, driven firmly to mid-off. Had to be quick
41.4
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, pushes this to mid-off
41.3
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, that's gone so far off the helmet, it's cleared backward point! Must have been some impact. But was there a faint top-edge on it too? Archer appeared to think so, and so does the umpire. Colinde Grandhomme is attended to by the physio
41.2
Jofra Archer to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, beaten again! Has happened a few times already in this short innings. Short of length, holding its line and skirting past the outside edge
41.1
Jofra Archer to Latham, 1 run, slower length ball on leg stump, nudged into the vacant midwicket region
40.6
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, full at the stumps, straightens a touch and has Colinde Grandhomme leading-edging to cover. Along the ground though. That's the end of Plunkett, and what a job he's done. It's recognized with a big applause across Lord's
40.5
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, it's cross-seam from Plunkett and he just gets some leg-cut on the ball which is enough to beat the outside edge
40.4
Plunkett to Latham, 1 run, short of length around off, drags the pull to deep midwicket
40.3
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, 121kph, back of a length on off stump, clipped through midwicket
40.2
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, just a bit of a shimmy now, which is picked on by Plunkett as he bangs it in short. Colinde Grandhomme ducks
40.1
Plunkett to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, short of length delivery straightening outside off, beats Colinde Grandhomme's nervy poke
39.6
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 1 run, more purpose behind this as he forces this back of a length delivery wide of cover
39.5
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, dragged onto the pad off a thick inside edge. Colinde Grandhomme had just hung his bat out tentatively to it
39.4
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, half-volley on leg stump, flicked stylishly backward of square. Bairstow's agility keeps it from going anywhere near the boundary
39.3
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, no run, short of length delivery outside off, mistimes the pull to midwicket. Probably wasn't short enough
39.2
Mark Wood to Colinde Grandhomme, 2 runs, back of a length delivery outside off, crisply cut through backward point by Colinde Grandhomme. He's got it wide enough of third man for a couple
39.1
Mark Wood to Latham, 1 run, dabs this down to third man
38.6
Plunkett to Neesham, out Caught by Root!! Such a soft dismissal. And he was getting into his rhythm too. Agony for Neesham who swings his bat in frustration. Perhaps the second one would've served him better, because originally, he doesn't go through with the shot. It's just a half-hearted check-drive straight to mid-on. Plunkett had pitched it right up, so the temptation to clear the infield was understandable. But for some reason, he held himself back. wkt (5-173) min (28m). Neesham c Root b Plunkett 19(25) [4s-3]
38.5
Plunkett to Neesham, FOUR, this is all power now. Wasn't all that short. Back of a length at best, and there wasn't too much width either, but Neesham slaps it hard through extra cover
38.4
Plunkett to Neesham, 2 runs, plays this pretty fine. Opened his wrists into the dab nicely to guide it to the right of third man for a couple
38.3
Plunkett to Latham, 1 run, cuts through to deep point
38.2
Plunkett to Neesham, 1 run, short of length around off, with the moment of madness out of the way, Neesham steers this down to third man
38.1
Plunkett to Neesham, no run, agricultural from Neesham, looking to heave a length ball through midwicket. No great surprise that he was beaten. Lost his shape completely
37.6
Mark Wood to Neesham, 1 run, short of length delivery around off, Neesham steers it through the point region
37.5
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, 145kph, sharp bouncer right at Neesham who barely escaped it. Just got his head underneath in time
37.4
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, dabbed to backward point
37.3
Mark Wood to Latham, 1 run, good length delivery outside off, angled down to third man
37.2
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, pulls his length back just a touch and beats him! Excellent response. Length ball in the channel, had Latham fiddling with it away from the body. Wasn't far from the edge
37.1
Mark Wood to Latham, FOUR, superb crack of the bat from Latham as he drives this through the covers. No wonder it's running away. 148kph, but it didn't deter Latham from moving forward into the shot
36.6
Plunkett to Neesham, no run, short of length on middle, Neesham steers beside the line of it and guides it to backward point
36.5
Plunkett to Latham, 1 run, length ball straightening at the stumps, Latham pushes to mid-on for a quick single
36.4
Plunkett to Latham, FOUR, short of length around the waist, no great purpose from Plunkett behind this delivery and Latham just swats it backward of square. What timing, nearly goes all the way
36.3
Plunkett to Latham, no run, short of length delivery across off, patted to point
36.2
Plunkett to Neesham, 1 run, stabbed onto the crease as he grapples with Plunkett's extra bounce. Didn't know where the ball had gone, but Latham was aware to the single
36.1
Plunkett to Neesham, no run, short of length delivery across off, punched to backward point. After the first few balls, the timing has just flipped around for Neesham. Striking them so sweetly now
35.6
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, short of length around off, defended back to Wood
35.5
Mark Wood to Latham, no run, was late on the drive! Pitched up outside off, Latham's footwork wasn't up to speed with Wood's pace, gets beaten on the outside edge
35.4
Mark Wood to Neesham, 1 run, round of applause for Woakes who makes a brilliant diving save in the deep, managing to keep the scoring to just one. Incredible. Short of length, Neesham anticipated it and pulled firmly through square leg, expecting a boundary which is probably why the urgency wasn't there in the running
35.3
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, 143kph, whistles past Neesham who does well to sway out of the way of this short ball
35.2
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, back of a length delivery on off, blunted firmly by Neesham
35.1
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, driven crisply off the front foot to cover
34.6
Stokes to Neesham, 1 run, overpitched at the stumps, driven to mid-on
34.5
Stokes to Neesham, FOUR, this is a good release of pressure for New Zealand. Short of length, Neesham - although not in great position - pulls it through midwicket and has enough to beat the chasing fielders
34.5
Stokes to Neesham, wide, slower ball down the leg-side, nothing on the way through from Neesham
34.4
Stokes to Neesham, FOUR, this should help his confidence. Full ball on off stump, and he picks it away delightfully through midwicket. Excellent timing, purred through to the ropes. First boundary in 93 balls for NZ
34.3
Stokes to Neesham, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, gets this cut off the middle but finds backward point
34.2
Stokes to Neesham, no run, scratchy start from Neesham this. Has missed a full toss now, and hobbles around after being struck above the knee
34.1
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, back of a length delivery wide of off, slapped through to sweeper cover
33.6
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, beats the outside edge with a delivery that just straightens in the channel! Brilliant over from Wood, a wicket-maiden
33.5
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, 146kph, slanted in on middle and leg, Neesham looks to work around the corner but is beaten by pace and struck on the thigh
33.4
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, blocked by Neesham
33.3
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, banged in short, Neesham probably picked it up a bit late but he manages to evade
33.2
Mark Wood to Neesham, no run, back of a length, angled in on off from round the wicket, Neesham blocks from the crease
33.1
Mark Wood to Ross Taylor, out Lbw!! Sharp nip-backer from Wood and he's got Taylor playing all around it. Umpire Erasmus thought about it for a while before raising the finger. Oh this is such a big decision. New Zealand don't have a review left remember. Guptill saw to that. And this is where they might've needed it. Did it look a bit too high? Geez. Have to wait for the replays, but for the time being, Taylor will walk back leaving his team in trouble. They've slid from 103/1 to 141/4 now. wkt (4-141) min (47m). Ross Taylor lbw b Mark Wood 15(31)
32.6
Stokes to Ross Taylor, 1 run, 129kph, fifth-stumpish, allowing Taylor to dab it down to third man
32.6
Stokes to Ross Taylor, wide, tries getting Taylor to stretch outside off, a little too much in fact
32.5
Stokes to Ross Taylor, leg byes, 2 runs, cuts back in sharply, popping off the hip past the glance, past the keeper
32.4
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, 133kph, squared up big .. and somehow outside-edges the away-nipper to third man
32.3
Stokes to Ross Taylor, 1 run, hard quick hands, whacking the sit-up through mid-wicket
32.2
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, short, climbing in on the shoulder. Latham rides it, rolls his wrists and keeps his pull down fine leg
32.1
Stokes to Latham, no run, 129kph, quite short, outside off, watchful stab, backward point
31.6
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, the floaty googly on off. Rather full enough for Taylor to get to the pitch of it and push it away
31.5
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, a line-adopting shuffle, forward-smothering
31.4
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, back, opening himself up and then knocking is crisply through mid-wicket
31.3
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, flat on leg. Nudged, round the corner
31.2
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, dance, close to the pitch, whipping out to long-on
31.1
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, drifting into leg, making these square leg clippings easy
30.6
Stokes to Latham, no run, 133kph, goes cutting, but despite getting on top of the bounce, ends up dragging it straight to cover-point
30.5
Stokes to Ross Taylor, 1 run, 134kph, thigh-lined, a hopping glance, fine leg
30.4
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, 136kph, just a forward push, a block, in front of mid-on for some quick legs
30.3
Stokes to Latham, no run, the Plunkett delivery -- cross-seaming spit up, going across Latham and going over his lined up cut
30.2
Stokes to Ross Taylor, 1 run, 133kph, shuffles, adopts the line, the angle and glances it to fine leg
30.1
Stokes to Latham, 1 run, 132kph, stays back-footed, tucking it away behind square
29.6
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, another half-step out, getting close to the pitch this time as he wrists it down the ground
29.5
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, quick googly. Taylor nearly makes a complete mess with his premeditated charge down the pitch - only to get cramped up big time, having to untidily jab his bat in the way to keep it out
29.4
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, wide leggie. Draws Taylor out of his crease, which he does to chip a slice away to extra cover
29.3
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, googly-cum-flight now. Taylor gets forward, defensive
29.2
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, quicker in-skid. Hurried defence
29.1
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, short-googly. Latham reads off the pitch, rocks behind and punches it square
28.6
Plunkett to Latham, 1 run, 129kph, thigh-lined. Glanced away to backward square leg
28.5
Plunkett to Latham, no run, 133kph, full on off. Latham goes across the line, clipping it to mid-wicket
28.4
Plunkett to Latham, no run, 133kph, driven straight back, and Plunkett's foot in the followthough is fortress enough
28.3
Plunkett to Latham, no run, 136kph, quietly stabbed away in front of point, but the fielder out there is quick enough to cut hopes off the single
28.2
Plunkett to Latham, no run, 134kph, almost has another drag on. Pitches it up - in the in-between zone - and Latham is sucked into the drive .. luckily having it ricocheting onto his leg
28.1
Plunkett to Latham, no run, 134kph, fifth-stumped, holding its channel as Latham plonks forward in his leave
27.6
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, tight on middle. Taylor appears to read it off the pitch and hurry into a chip to mid-wicket
27.5
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, takes it on the full and strokes it back down, through Rashid's messy dive
27.4
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, fuller, easy forward-flick, long-on
27.3
Adil Rashid to Latham, 1 run, back, opening up his back leg and flicking it down to deep square leg
27.2
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, spots Taylor's stepping down, shortens his length, makes him wait as he softly nudges it then into square leg
27.1
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, forward defence, skewing off the outside half to point
26.6
Plunkett to Latham, no run, 136kph, punchy forward drive, crisply to mid-on
26.5
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, out Bowled!! Plunkett - the official breaker of settled men. And once again he does it with the length, keeping it in the half-way slot between good and full. Nicholls though tries to drive it away through the covers, only to end up going a little too far from his body as he does. The result - a thick inside-edge, and timber. wkt (3-118) min (123m). Henry Nicholls b Plunkett 55(77) [4s-4]
26.4
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, 1 run, softly opens up his bat face, running it down to third man
26.3
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 3 runs, 135kph, another wide pitch up and Nicholls smashes it through the covers. Every damn thing in this had a boundary written all over, just that it's up the slope and there's Ben Stokes sweeping
26.2
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, 134kph, a tad fuller, Nicholls tries to drive, but just can't get under the length cleanly
26.1
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, 132kph, length, nipping in on off. Head on ball, smothering it down
25.6
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, more stepping out, has to wait on the spin now as he nudges it in front of square
25.5
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, another down-dance, this time tries to go wristy as he toe-ends his flick decently enough to long-on
25.4
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, steps out, gets foxed by the dip and jams out his drive, only as far as the bowler
25.3
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, one-kneed, sweeping it to square leg with the spin
25.2
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, googly, gets hurried up a touch but manages to work it pretty well through square leg
25.1
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, a shuffle down, a squeezed whip and lots of bottom hand in powering it to long-on. Fifty -- #9, and certainly the most important
24.6
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 133kph, walks across, settles behind the length-stuff to block it down
24.5
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 128kph, teasing him outside off, but the ball just doesn't come on as Taylor's cut here had expected
24.4
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 135kph, another similar nip-away off the deck, kicking up extra too in taking the shoulder on Taylor's leading-edged flick
24.3
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 136kph, walks across, looks to work it into leg, but the line straightens just enough to take a thick leading edge into off
24.2
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, 134kph, angling away just outside off, Nicholls goes against the line in nudging it into leg
24.1
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, 133kph, short, outside off, slapped hard but straight to point
23.6
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, no run, looped up on off. Taylor tries forcing matters through the covers, but no, will only be able to mistime it to the guy in the infield
23.5
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 2 runs, well down leg, easy tickle-aways, fine leg
23.4
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, doesn't really read the spin, shuffling, sitting, defending. This one holds its line though, straightening just enough to take a thick outside edge through where a slip-might-have-been
23.3
Adil Rashid to Ross Taylor, 1 run, googly, on middle to start off with, turned away watchfully, through square leg
23.2
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, on the dance, whipping it through mid-wicket
23.1
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, no run, googly, drifting across at first and then spinning further away from him. Defended to cover
22.6
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 134kph, just outside off, poky-steer, point
22.5
Plunkett to Ross Taylor, no run, 133kph, full on middle, wristed away, crouching big time as he does, to mid-wicket
22.4
Plunkett to Williamson, out Caught by Buttler!! England go up in review -- the caught-behind stuff. Umpire Dharmasena continues his nicking troubles with England, where he heard one that wasn't in Birmingham and now can't hear one that is in London. Plunkett keeps it on a hard good length just outside off, cross-seaming, drawing extra bounce, getting Williamson driving away from his body. Oh and UltraEdge will do the job for them .. a clear big nick as it goes past the bat. And on the big night, the Kiwis will need to unearth a new hero. wkt (2-103) min (77m). Williamson c Buttler b Plunkett 30(53) [4s-2]
22.3
Plunkett to Williamson, no run, 131kph, big-strided cover drive, Roy's tumble will cut it off
22.2
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, 132kph, length on middle. Holds out a straight bat in knocking it in front of mid-on, quick single
22.1
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, 128kph, pitched up to be driven. Is driven. Straight to extra cover
21.6
Adil Rashid to Williamson, no run, middle-drift. Stride, adopt, block
21.5
Adil Rashid to Williamson, no run, flatter googly. Williamson stays beside, pushing it back down for Rashid to clean up
21.4
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, keeps drawing Nicholls down the pitch with the loop he's been dishing out. Flicked, long-on
21.3
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 1 run, googly. Williamson waits for it on the front foot, tickling it in front of square
21.2
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, steps down, nearly yorking himself as he squeezes it off the toe-end to mid-off. Never mind the flat throw, the run-calling's a tad better
21.1
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 1 run, quick, sliding into the legs. Whipped round the corner
20.6
Mark Wood to Williamson, 1 run, 147kph, thick outside edge on the flashy cover drive, but alas, there's no gully
20.5
Mark Wood to Williamson, no run, 148kph, deep in the crease, delicately opening up his bat face as he dabs it out to backward point
20.4
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, 145kph, goes round the wicket now in looking to angle it into the body. This one's short, and helped with a swipe behind square
20.3
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, 143kph, straight-seamed, short, wide and slapped away backward of point. Needs Rashid to dive after giving it the chase from third man
20.2
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, no run, 148kph, cramping lines on the stumps. Nicholls gets tied up as he tries glancing, playing all around it
20.1
Mark Wood to Williamson, 3 runs, first the perfect of cover drives. And then the perfect of cover dives. Williamson flows through the line, drilling the pitch up wide of extra cover's reach, but Bairstow - running across from sweeper - puts his right palm to good use
19.6
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 1 run, rocks behind, staying up tall on the bounce as he knocks it down the ground
19.5
Adil Rashid to Williamson, no run, back, across, punching. Cover
19.4
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 2 runs, a hint of drift into leg. Swept, rolling his wrists on it to keep it all along the ground, fine leg
19.3
Adil Rashid to Williamson, no run, big forward press, adopting the line, bat-pad stuck
19.2
Adil Rashid to Williamson, no run, leg-break on middle. Helped softly with the turn to steer it out to point
19.1
Adil Rashid to Williamson, FOUR, a one-kneed slog. Rashid tosses it up and Williamson has picked him out for treatment. He knows mid-on is up in the ring, mid-wicket in the deep is wide and middles this over
18.6
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, no run, 150kph, wide sucker tease to follow up the bouncer softening. Nicholls chases it compulsively, throwing his hands out in looking to slice, but no, nothing
18.5
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, no run, 143kph, neat bumper. Really neat. It's a venomous cobra spitting up off the pitch and poor Nicholls in his attempt to line up behind it ends up somehow getting his glove up around his face to fend it off
18.4
Mark Wood to Williamson, 1 run, 151kph -- and Wood looses his balance in breaching the barrier. It's on a length outside off, to be dabbed down to third man
18.3
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, 146kph, half forward, attempts a defence to run it off the inside half through square leg
18.2
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, 145kph, more of the short sit-up. Nicholls can use the angle, the pace and merely guide it away backward of point. Sweeper tries, third man tries, but no ..
18.1
Mark Wood to Williamson, 1 run, 142kph, short, shoulder-high. A swivel-pull, fine leg
17.6
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 1 run, stays crouched in the crease, stabbing the wide away-spinner through point
17.5
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 2 runs, there's loop, allowing a lofted hoick over mid-on. Alas, it isn't off the middle, hence letting cow corner cut it off
17.4
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, leg-lined. Nicholls smartly walks inside, never mind it being the wrong 'un, has enough to sweep it fine enough
17.3
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 1 run, on the move down, slapping it inside-out, extra cover
17.2
Adil Rashid to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, drifting across, which Nicholls's smart enough to shuffle behind to and then lap it fine enough
17.1
Adil Rashid to Williamson, 1 run, loopy full dip on off. Williamson has a stride beside, driving neatly through the line, through mid-off
16.6
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, no run, 148kph, length, nipping in, off-lined. Nicholls has a stern block, head-on-ball, high elbows et al.
16.5
Mark Wood to Williamson, 1 run, 144kph, more of his late soft hands, tapping the tummy-line rather wristily to mid-wicket
16.4
Mark Wood to Williamson, no run, 149kph, shuffling, then staying behind it in defence
16.3
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, 145kph, back of a length, fourth-stumped. Nicholls knocks round the corner, quick legs
16.2
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, no run, hangs behind, late hands and a soft dab to backward point
16.1
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, no run, cuts in big time off a length. Quite obviously a little too good for Nicholls, who glances all around, wearing it on his thighs
15.6
Plunkett to Williamson, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, driven firmly but straight to the fielder at mid-off
15.5
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, on a good length and angling into Nicholls's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
15.4
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, a proper half-volley from Plunkett, Nicholls drilled the drive, but straight to the fielder at cover
15.3
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, fraction fuller and wider of off, Nicholls gets a big stride forward and finds mid-off with the drive
15.2
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Nicholls leans across and defends it to the off-side
15.1
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, cracking shot, back of a length and angling into the left-hander, Nicholls shuffles across, rolls his wrists and pulls it behind square on the on-side - Stokes was the fielder out there, put the dive, but can't haul the ball back in
14.6
Mark Wood to Williamson, FOUR, the extra ball has cost a boundary for Wood - banged in short and angling down the leg-side, KW was clearly late on the pull, but he gets a bit of glove and the ball goes wide of the keeper, nice way to have a sip of drinks
14.6
Mark Wood to Williamson, wide, Wood hasn't hit his stride as yet - short of a length and shaping down the leg-side, KW was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
14.5
Mark Wood to Henry Nicholls, leg byes, 1 run, full and on Nicholls's pads, he was looking to flick and missed, rolled off the pads towards long leg
14.4
Mark Wood to Williamson, 1 run, back of a length and well wide of off, KW stands tall and cuts it in front of square on the off-side for a single
14.3
Mark Wood to Williamson, no run, full-toss from Wood, perhaps took KW by surprise, he was late on the push and hit it back at the bowler
14.2
Mark Wood to Williamson, no run, short of a good length and a hint of shape away from outside off, KW watches it all along, lifts his bat and lets it go
14.1
Mark Wood to Williamson, no run, more swing for Wood and he once again had KW frailing aimlessly - shortened his length, did Wood and got the ball to nip away off the deck
14.1
Mark Wood to Williamson, wide, dangerous from Williamson, floaty delivery that swung away further from wide of off, KW's eyes lit up as he saw the width, had a slash and missed, called as a wide
13.6
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, lovely shot, poor ball from Plunkett, came from wide of the crease and angled one onto Nicholls's pads, whipped away backward of square on the on-side, couple of bounces and over the ropes
13.5
Plunkett to Williamson, 1 run, short of a length and well wide of off, KW went hard on the cut and mistimed it square on the off-side for a single
13.4
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, short and wide of off, Nicholls slashed at that and gets a thick edge to third man, that single brings up NZ's 50
13.3
Plunkett to Williamson, 1 run, full and a hint of shape back into the right-hander, KW was early into the drive and the inside edge rolled behind square on the on-side for a single
13.2
Plunkett to Williamson, no run, short and wide of off, a rare loose ball for KW to cash in, he does but hits the ball straight to backward point
13.1
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, fuller length delivery and in that channel outside off, drew Nicholls into an ambitious drive and the edge squirted away towards third man
12.6
Woakes to Williamson, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, KW gets close to the ball and defends it to the off-side
12.5
Woakes to Williamson, no run, short of a good length and well wide of off, dabbed straight to the fielder at backward point
12.4
Woakes to Williamson, no run, tad fuller and at the stumps, KW leant forward on the drive, but Woakes is quick to get down and stop the ball on his follothrough
12.3
Woakes to Williamson, no run, loud shout for LBW and England will not review. Swung too much and struck KW high on the pads, he was caught in the crease to one that jagged back in sharply, beaten on the inside edge and struck around the flap of the pads
12.3
Woakes to Williamson, wide, short and angling down the leg-side, KW was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
12.2
Woakes to Williamson, no run, fraction fuller and wider of off, KW leans into the drive and finds cover
12.1
Woakes to Williamson, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, defended with soft hands towards cover
11.6
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, Nicholls is getting into his groove now, not sure about Plunkett though. Length ball on the pads and it's whipped behind square on the on-side, was always coming back for the second run
11.5
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, on a good length and well outside off, driven firmly but straight to the fielder at cover
11.4
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, tad too short from Plunkett, although Nicholls wasn't fully in control of the pull, he found the gap well - was playing against the angle and dragged it over mid-wicket, back for the second run
11.3
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, Nicholls was shuffling across on the flick and missed, no real appeal as the ball had pitched outside leg
11.2
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, on a good length and just outside off, Nicholls pushes it to the right of cover and called his partner through for a quick single - Root was the fielder and he has a shy at the striker's end, misses and concedes an extra run
11.1
Plunkett to Henry Nicholls, no run, fuller length delivery outside off, Nicholls leans forward and finds mid-off with the drive
10.6
Woakes to Williamson, no run, pitched up and in that channel outside off, looking to lure KW into the drive, he resists and lets it go
10.5
Woakes to Williamson, no run, tad fuller and a hint of shape back into the right-hander, defended back at the bowler
10.4
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, .. and he's into action straightaway, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, laced away in front of square on the off-side for a single
10.3
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, FOUR, cracking shot, short and wide of off, Nicholls gets on top of the bounce and cracks it square past point, no need to run for those - should give him plenty of confidence
10.2
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, Woakes shortens his length and angles this one across the left-hander, Nicholls was prodding across on the tuck and is struck high on the pads
10.1
Woakes to Williamson, 1 run, short of a length and well wide of off, KW saw the width and his hands took over, chops it down onto the ground and into the gap between second slip and gully
10.1
Woakes to Williamson, wide, short of a length and sliding down the leg-side, KW was looking to flick and missed, called as a wide
9.6
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, tad fuller and around the of-stump line, Nicholls plays with a straight bat and blocks
9.5
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, half-an-appeal for LBW, but there was inside edge on that, struck Nicholls high on the thigh-pad as well. On a length and shaping back into the left-hander, burst past Nicholls's half-strided defensive push and hit him on the back pad
9.4
Jofra Archer to Williamson, 1 run, tad fuller and around off, KW plays with soft hands and drops it in front of square leg, off the mark with a single
9.3
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, extravagant swing, but it was only after passing the batsman, pitched up in that channel outside off. KW watched it all along and let it go - it swung back massively and Buttler has to move across to his left to collect the ball
9.2
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, leg byes, 1 run, extra bounce for Archer, back of a length and angling into the left-hander, beat Nicholls on the inside edge and rolled off the thigh-pad towards third man
9.1
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, short of a length and just outside off, defended back at the bowler
8.6
Woakes to Williamson, no run, tad fuller and shaping away with the angle, KW watches it all along, lifts his bat and lets it go
8.5
Woakes to Williamson, no run, on a good length and just outside off, Williamson leans across and defends it back at the bowler
8.4
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, a direct hit and Nicholls might have been struggling - Nicholls's body weight was on the back-foot as he drove a full ball to the right of mid-off. It was his call and had Roy found his target, Nicholls might have been running all the way to the pavilion
8.3
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, Woakes shortens his length outside off, Nicholls hops across and punches it off the back-foot towards mid-off - played with an angled bat
8.2
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, short and wide of off, Nicholls went chasing after that and is beaten on the top-edge
8.1
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, tad fuller and in that channel outside off, Nicholls presses across and defends it to the off-side
7.6
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, fraction fuller and just outside off, KW plays with soft hands and drops it in front of point, an immediate shout of NO as his partner looked for a quick single
7.5
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, the bouncer from Archer, KW ducks under it and lets it go
7.4
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, that's a corker, pitched up in that channel outside off, KW had to play at it - the slope threatened to make the ball come in, before the late shape took it away - KW is lucky that the ball didn't graze the bat in doing so
7.3
Jofra Archer to Williamson, no run, the bouncer from Archer, Williamson drops his wrists and sways away from the line
7.2
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, good running from KW called his unsure partner for a quick single, he was always safe and it needed a dive from Nicholls to make sure he didn't fall short. Coming to the ball, it was pitched up and held its line around off, Nicholls was half-forward in defence, gets an inside edge that drops besides his off-stump
7.1
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Nicholls was cramped for space on the tuck and cops a blow on his body
6.6
Woakes to Williamson, no run, lovely, pitched up in that channel outside off and it nipped away ever so slightly, lured KW into playing at it - he almost fell into the trap before belatedly lifting his bat away. Superb over and it seems Woakes has worked out the perfect length for this pitch
6.5
Woakes to Williamson, no run, fuller length delivery and in that channel outside off, KW plays close to his body and very late as he defends it with soft hands towards backward point
6.4
Woakes to Williamson, no run, fraction fuller and in that channel outside off, looking to make KW drive, he resists and lets it go
6.3
Woakes to Williamson, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, KW covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
6.2
Woakes to Guptill, out Lbw!! This looked very close and Dharmasena lifts his finger for an LBW appeal. Will Guptill review, he has a long chat and asks for a review at the very last instant. It's a fair delivery and Guptill has been struck on the back-pad. No bat involved and UltraEdge confirms it. Ball tracking in and it confirms Guptill's worst nightmare - it's crashing into the top of middle, three REDS and Guptill is OUT. To be fair, this was a shocking review - has not just cost Guptill his wicket, but it has robbed NZ of their only review. Pitched up and nipping back in off the seam, Guptill was caught in the crease as he looked to work it to the on-side, in panic, he looked to get his bat around the pad, fell over in doing so and was a lame duck - bang in front of middle. The height wasn't an issue and Guptill's poor WC with the bat comes to an end. wkt (1-29) min (30m). Guptill lbw b Woakes 19(18) [4s-2 6s-1]
6.1
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, the nip-backer from Woakes, pitched on a good length around off and burst past Nicholls's half-hearted prod, struck him high on the pad and rolled behind square on the off-side - might have grazed an inside edge as well
5.6
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, short of a length and at the stumps, Nicholls was slightly cramped for room on the pull, gets an under-edge and the ball rolls towards mid-wicket for a single
5.5
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, Archer shortens his length and angles this one back into the left-hander, beat Nicholls on the inside edge and struck him high on the flap of the pads
5.4
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Nicholls gets right behind the line and defends it to the off-side
5.3
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, fraction too short and too straight from Archer - England have been pretty average with the ball in helpful conditions, tucked behind square on the on-side for a couple of runs
5.2
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Nicholls hops across and drops the ball towards backward point
5.1
Jofra Archer to Guptill, 1 run, fraction too short from Archer, lets Guptill work it in front of square on the on-side for a single
4.6
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Nicholls gets behind the line and pushes it to the off-side
4.5
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, Woakes shortens his length outside off, Nicholls leans across and finds the same fielder once again on the cut
4.4
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, short and wide of off, Nicholls gets on top of the bounce as he cut - straight to the fielder at backward point
4.3
Woakes to Guptill, 1 run, fraction fuller and a hint of seam back into the right-hander, Guptill was pushing forward from the crease and squirts an inside edge behind square on the on-side - Woakes knew it was close, a bit more movement, he could have gone past Guptill's inside edge
4.2
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, back of a length and angling across the left-hander, Nicholls rides the bounce and steers it down towards third man for a single
4.1
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, on a good length and angling across the left-hander, Nicholls covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
3.6
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, 1 run, tad fuller and at the stumps, Nicholls pushes it in front of mid-on for an easy single
3.5
Jofra Archer to Guptill, 1 run, back of a length and on Guptill's hips, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
3.4
Jofra Archer to Guptill, FOUR, smashed, Guptill is looking positive today - batting with a lot of intent, pitched up and just outside off, he got a big stride forward and drilled it back past the bowler. Archer thought he had a chance, but the ball was gone by the time he could react
3.3
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, on a good length and shaping away from outside off, left alone
3.2
Jofra Archer to Guptill, SIX, lovely, shot of quality from Guptill, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Guptill arches back, opens the face of the bat at the last moment and steers it up and over the slip cordon - Rashid, at third man was briefly interested, but he could only watch it sail over his head
3.1
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, short of a length and around the off-stump line, Guptill prods across and defends it to the on-side
2.6
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, Woakes shortens his length on off, Nicholls gets right behind the line as he defends
2.5
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, 2 runs, Nicholls is off and away, that should calm his nerves, length ball on the pads and it was tucked past square leg, wanted the second and it was an easy second as well
2.4
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Nicholls was half-forward in defence, gets an inside edge onto the pads
2.3
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, Close and Nicholls has been given OUT LBW. He has a chat with his partner and wants a review. It's a fair delivery, there's no bat on that and UltraEdge confirms it. Clipped the back-pad and this looks trouble for Nicholls, Ball-tracking in and it says the ball is going over the top of middle, Nicholls survives. Another top review from Nicholls, this looked very close to the naked eye, but the bounce at Lord's has saved him. The nip-backer from Woakes, pitched up and shaped back in, Nicholls was looking to defend from the crease and was struck high on the back-pad. England were celebrating, but they had to abort after watching the replays
2.2
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, fraction fuller and slanting across the left-hander, Nicholls covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
2.1
Woakes to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length and on Nicholls's pads, he gets inside the line and turns it to the on-side
1.6
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, on a good length and in that channel outside off, Guptill leans well forward and defends it to the off-side
1.5
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, England are already celebrating, but Erasmus doesn't give Guptill out, neither does the batsman walk and England strangely do not review. A correct decision as well, top top call from Erasmus, a beauty first-up from Archer, shortened his length and got the ball to lift across the right-hander, had Guptill pushing from the crease, past the outside edge and clipped the back-thigh on its way to the keeper. Buttler was confident, so was Archer who was already celebrating, but Guptill went nowhere
1.4
Jofra Archer to Guptill, 2 runs, too straight from Archer, on Guptill's pads and it was neatly nudged behind square on the on-side, comes back for the second run
1.3
Jofra Archer to Guptill, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Guptill prods across and tucked it in front of square leg - he almost immediately set-off for a quick single, only to be sent back by his partner
1.2
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, leg byes, 1 run, tad too short and too straight from Archer, on Nicholls's pads and the ball rolled away backward of square - off the thigh pad
1.1
Jofra Archer to Henry Nicholls, no run, a gentle start from Archer, full and at the stumps, Nicholls leans across and defends it to mid-on
0.6
Woakes to Guptill, no run, on a good length and a hint of shape away from outside off, Guptill watches it all along, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.5
Woakes to Guptill, FOUR, much better from Guptill, back of a length and well wide of off, he didn't get on top of the bounce as he played a back-foot punch, was in the air for a long time, but the ball squirted well wide of Stokes at backward point
0.4
Woakes to Guptill, no run, Guptill is looking to be positive, takes a couple of steps down the track to a length ball and was looking to hack it past point - no timing at all and the ball rolls away to the off-side
0.3
Woakes to Guptill, no run, back of a length and in that channel around middle, Guptill gets right behind the line and defends it to the on-side
0.2
Woakes to Guptill, no run, fraction short and a hint of shape away from outside off, Guptill covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.1
Woakes to Guptill, no run, Woakes shortens his length and gets the ball to hold its line outside off, Guptill gets behind the line and defends it to the off-side
0.1
Woakes to Guptill, wide, that's a wild start from Woakes, this was full and swung away sharply - Guptill went chasing after that and is beaten by ther enormous swing, called as a wide, but that's a nervy nervy start from Guptill
Commentary
Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root, Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson,Henry Nicholls
