28.4
Nabi to Phehlukwayo, SIX, that's more like it! Phehlukwayo shimmies down the wicket and thumps the floated delivery over long-on for a massive six. South Africa beat Afghanistan by 9 wickets with 116 balls to spare - a stroll in the park for them
28.3
Nabi to Phehlukwayo, no run, blocks the floated ball off his front foot. The crowd isn't happy as South Africa are being defensive
28.2
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, flicks the fullish ball to deep mid-wicket and takes a single
28.1
Nabi to Amla, no run, flatter and quicker around middle and leg, Amla nudges it to mid-wicket
27.6
Aftab Alam to Phehlukwayo, no run, on a length around off, Phehlukwayo heaves across the line, but doesn't connect it well, mistiming it to the man inside the ring at mid-wicket
27.5
Aftab Alam to Phehlukwayo, no run, full and tailing into the batsman on a full length, Phehlukwayo tries a flick and gets an inside edge on to his pads
27.5
Aftab Alam to Phehlukwayo, wide, slower one attempted by the bowler and it slides down the leg side
27.4
Aftab Alam to Phehlukwayo, no run, Aftab Alam nails the yorker and the batsman digs it out nicely, the ball thuds into his shoes as the bowler walks up to him and has a word-or-two
27.4
Aftab Alam to Phehlukwayo, wide, second bumper of the over and it sails over Phehlukwayo's head, wide called by the umpire this time around
27.3
Aftab Alam to Phehlukwayo, no run, short ball outside off, Phehlukwayo sways away
27.2
Aftab Alam to Amla, 1 run, short and slow outside off, Amla waits for it arrive and ramps it down to third man, wasn't much pace on the ball, hence it didn't go the distance
27.1
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, fullish delivery around off, Amla squeezes it into the off side as he tries to play an off-drive
26.6
Nabi to Phehlukwayo, no run, darts this one straight around leg, Phehlukwayo tries to work it into the leg side, ends up getting on his back pad
26.5
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, knocks the loopy delivery to long-on and gets one more
26.4
Nabi to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, lofts the tossed up delivery to wide long-off but they stick to a single
26.3
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, works the short ball to square leg for a single
26.2
Nabi to Amla, no run, tossed up delivery around middle and leg, flicked to mid-wicket
26.1
Nabi to Amla, no run, flatter on the pads, clipped to mid-wicket by Hash
25.6
Rashid Khan to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, crunched through covers! Flatter delivery in the channel outside off, short one at the same time and Phehlukwayo has cracked off his back foot through the gap at covers. There's a sprinter in the deep but he can't do nothing much about it
25.5
Rashid Khan to Phehlukwayo, no run, darted outside off, Phehlukwayo attempts a reverse sweep but can't lay bat on ball
25.4
Rashid Khan to Amla, 1 run, drives the loopy full ball to long-on and gets the aggressive batsman back on strike
25.3
Rashid Khan to Amla, no run, low full toss by Rashid and Amla whips it to mid-wicket
25.2
Rashid Khan to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, drills this one through covers for a single
25.1
Rashid Khan to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, the crowd find back its voice! Phehlukwayo goes down on his knee and slogsweeps the tossed up delivery over deep mid-wicket, beating the man near the fence comfortably
24.6
Nabi to Amla, no run, plays a nice straight drive but can't beat Nabi, grabbed by the spinner with his right hand
24.5
Nabi to Amla, no run, quicker one outside off, Amla pokes at it and gets beaten due to extra carry
24.4
Nabi to Amla, no run, flighted delivery around off, Amla defends
24.3
Nabi to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, short one by Nabi allows Phehlukwayo to get off the mark. He treks back and knocks it down to long-on
24.2
Nabi to Phehlukwayo, no run, swings across the line against a fullish delivery, gets an inside edge towards square leg
24.1
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, Amla rocks back and punches the flatter delivery to deep cover for a single
23.6
Rashid Khan to Phehlukwayo, no run, another googly by Rashid, quicker too, Phehlukwayo tries to block it off his back foot, gets beaten though, struck on his pads
23.5
Rashid Khan to Phehlukwayo, no run, reads the googly well and nails his reverse sweep, finds the man at backward point
23.5
Rashid Khan to Phehlukwayo, wide, quicker delivery down the leg side, Phehlukwayo tries to flick it away, misses it however
23.4
Rashid Khan to Amla, 1 run, pushes the floated delivery to mid-off for a single
23.3
Rashid Khan to Amla, no run, here comes the googly, Amla covers his stumps and nudges it into the leg side
23.2
Rashid Khan to Amla, no run, tossed up leggie by Rashid and Amla drives it to the man at cover
23.1
Rashid Khan to Amla, no run, quicker around off, Amla defends it off his back foot
22.6
Naib to Phehlukwayo, no run, full length ball by Naib and it's been clipped to mid-wicket by Phehlukwayo
22.5
Naib to De Kock, out Caught by Nabi!! Finally a wicket for Afghanistan, something for them to cheer about. De Kock was trying to put away this full delivery to the mid-wicket fence but he finds Nabi inside the ring. Good knock, nevertheless. South Africa are within touching distance of an emphatic win. Moreover, their first one of the World Cup wkt (1-104) min (84m). De Kock c Nabi b Naib 68(72) [4s-8]
22.4
Naib to De Kock, FOUR, De Kock keeps getting the boundaries! An overpitched delivery on the pads and the southpaw picks it up nicely, sending it away to the vacant deep square leg boundary
22.3
Naib to Amla, 1 run, the crowd at Cardiff applauds as Amla chops the length ball to deep point in order to bring up the 100-run stand for the opening wicket
22.2
Naib to Amla, no run, pitches this one up, Amla comes on his front foot and drives it to cover
22.1
Naib to Amla, no run, around the off-stump line, Amla treks back and chops it to point
21.6
Nabi to De Kock, no run, back in his crease to work the flatter delivery in front of mid-wicket
21.5
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, closes his bat face early in order to work the flatter delivery to mid-wicket
21.4
Nabi to Amla, no run, on his front foot in order to guide the floated ball back to the bowler
21.3
Nabi to De Kock, 1 run, flatter around middle and leg, nudged to square leg by De Kock
21.3
Nabi to De Kock, wide, fires this one outside off, misses the tramline and the umpire signals a wide
21.2
Nabi to De Kock, no run, goes down on one knee to play a slogsweep but gets beaten as the ball hurls in, off an inside edge on to his pads
21.1
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, eases the tossed up delivery around off, Amla pushes it in front of point for a single
20.6
Naib to De Kock, no run, fullish delivery down the leg side, De Kock attempts a leg glance but doesn't connect, should have been a wide but the umpire thinks otherwise, probably it brushed his pads
20.5
Naib to De Kock, 2 runs, on a length around off, De Kock stays put and heaves it aerially to deep mid-wicket for a couple of runs
20.4
Naib to De Kock, no run, pitched on a full length by Naib and the batsman whiplashes it to the fielder at mid-wicket
20.3
Naib to Amla, 1 run, drills this one into extra-cover and scampers across to the other end
20.2
Naib to Amla, no run, in the channel around off,
20.1
Naib to De Kock, 1 run, on a length outside off, De Kock slices it down to third man and gets a single
19.6
Nabi to Amla, no run, straighter one outside off, Amla tries to run it down to third man, but does not connect
19.5
Nabi to Amla, no run, flighted delivery around off, Amla presses forward and defends down the wicket
19.4
Nabi to Amla, FOUR, that's a proper swipe. A very unlike Amla shot. Tossed up delivery around off, Amla moved across, stayed upright while playing the cross-batted shot over backward square leg. No one out there to stop that
19.3
Nabi to Amla, no run, quicker and outside off, Amla shuffles across and ekes out an inside edge on the flick, the ball deflects off the thigh pad into the leg-side
19.2
Nabi to De Kock, 1 run, floats it up teasingly outside off, De Kock stays low and drives it to sweeper cover
19.1
Nabi to De Kock, no run, shimmies down and looks to heave it into the leg-side, but the ball dips on him and all De Kock can manage is an inside edge onto the pad, the ball rolls back to Nabi
18.6
Naib to Amla, no run, on a length and outside off, Amla stabs it with an open bat face to cover
18.5
Naib to De Kock, 1 run, full and on the pads, De Kock clips it away to deep mid-wicket and Shah fields the ball, gets a roar from the crowd
18.4
Naib to De Kock, FOUR, sloppy. Naib can't believe that Shah has let that escape him. Back of a length delivery and De Kock picked it early, he swiveled and pulled it to deep mid-wicket, Shah tries to collect it on the bounce but fails to do so
18.3
Naib to Amla, 1 run, finger roller outside off, Amla crunches the drive straight to sweeper cover
18.2
Naib to Amla, no run, back of the hand slower delivery, Amla did not spot that and went hard on the drive, drags it off the inner half to mid-wicket
18.1
Naib to Amla, no run, short of length on off, Amla hops and drops it in front of mid-wicket, sends De Kock back on the single
17.6
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, bit too full and on the pads, Amla flicks it away to deep mid-wicket
17.5
Nabi to Amla, no run, waits for the ball to turn in and works it gently into the leg-side
17.4
Nabi to Amla, no run, flatter and around off, Amla is back and across to defend it back to Nabi
17.3
Nabi to Amla, FOUR, premediated the reverse sweep and managed to execute it perfectly. Flighted outside off, Amla bends down and brooms it past short third man, got enough bat to bat the fielder there
17.2
Nabi to De Kock, 1 run, sliding on with the angle, nudged away in front of square on the leg-side
17.1
Nabi to Amla, 1 run, looks to work it into the leg-side and closes the bat face, the leading edge rolls away through vacant point
16.6
Rashid Khan to De Kock, FOUR, fifty for De Kock. Second in the tournament and a much needed one. He once again picks the fullish length from Rashid, bends down slightly to get the elevation and muscles it on the bounce into the deep mid-wicket fence
16.5
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, flighted close to off, De Kock strides forward and defends to cover
16.4
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, wrong 'un outside off, De Kock looks to stab it with the bat away from his body, almost plays it back on
16.3
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, flatter and on off, De Kock stays in the crease and turns it to mid-wicket
16.2
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 2 runs, quicker and around off, De Kock chops it past the 'keeper and pushed Amla for the second, stole it with ease
16.1
Rashid Khan to De Kock, FOUR, smashed! De Kock picks the googly, kneels down and powers the slog sweep over mid-wicket
15.6
Nabi to Amla, no run, turning in from outside off, Amla respects it with a dead-bat next to the 'keeper
15.5
Nabi to De Kock, 1 run, offers a bit of space outside off and De Kock cracks it to sweeper cover
15.4
Nabi to De Kock, no run, skidding on with the angle, De Kock blocks with the bat and pad close together
15.3
Nabi to De Kock, no run, fraction short and around off, De Kock back cuts it and finds short third man
15.2
Nabi to De Kock, no run, again sliding on with the arm and De Kock is not sure whether to go forward or hang back, inside edges it between his legs
15.1
Nabi to De Kock, no run, drifting in from round the wicket, De Kock prods forward and defends to point
14.6
Rashid Khan to Amla, no run, googly. A very-cramped jab back down
14.5
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 1 run, spots Quinton trying to step out and keeps it on the pads, tickled away round the corner
14.4
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, near yorker. Jammed back down thr pitch
14.3
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, wrong 'un. Kept out, staying deep in the crease as he does
14.2
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 2 runs, wide loopy tease outside off. Quinton reaches, but it's still far for him, squirting an outside edge with point running all over it
14.1
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 2 runs, drops too short. Heaved away through square leg
13.6
Naib to Amla, no run, takes some pace off with the ball cutting in off the deck. Amla, zen-like, will check even his defence to ensure he drops it right at his feet
13.5
Naib to De Kock, 1 run, cramped pull, having to crouch as he does, through square leg
13.4
Naib to Amla, 1 run, width again, guided away down to third man
13.3
Naib to Amla, no run, full, wide outside off, a stretchy, squeezy, slice to point
13.2
Naib to De Kock, 1 run, on middle, which Quinton's already shuffled in to to knock it to mid-on
13.1
Naib to Amla, 1 run, soft steer in front of point, and some non-quick fielding to stop this quick single
12.6
Rashid Khan to De Kock, FOUR, just too short. Easy late-waiting-cut past slip, with Quinton having more than enough bat on it to get it to race through
12.5
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 2 runs, another wrongie. Quinton manages more of his bat's sweet-spot on this carve through point
12.4
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, googly. Quinton clearly isn't reading them off the hand, waiting for them off the pitch as he pokes it away, away from his body
12.3
Rashid Khan to Amla, 1 run, a squeezed smash back down the pitch, with Rashid's dive only getting finger-tips
12.2
Rashid Khan to Amla, no run, quick in-skidder, biting and bouncing up extra with Amla trying to cut one too close to be cut. Gets whizzes over the top-edge
12.1
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 1 run, full, on the toes, whipped behind square
11.6
Naib to Amla, no run, opens up his bat face, punching it on the up to point
11.5
Naib to De Kock, 1 run, fuller, going across. Quinton reaches close, again to be undone by the lack of pace as he inside-halves it away to long-on
11.4
Naib to Amla, 1 run, back of a length sitter. A crisp swat off the thighs, picking out deep mid-wicket
11.3
Naib to De Kock, 1 run, a hopping swivel, and swats this down to long-on just as he is airborne
11.2
Naib to De Kock, no run, off-cutter, foxes Quinton with the lack of pace as he tries whipping it across the line, smashing it onto his own pad in the process
11.1
Naib to De Kock, 2 runs, leg-lined. A rather soft tuck away in front of square
10.6
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 1 run, googly. Quinton makes early room, has to reach out further to cut, which in the end is toe-ended through sweeper
10.5
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 2 runs, swipes across the line, somewhere into deep mid-wicket
10.4
Rashid Khan to Amla, 1 run, drifting a touch too straight, nurdled through square leg
10.3
Rashid Khan to Amla, no run, drags his length back a touch, taped back off the back foot
10.2
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 1 run, flat, quick, on the stumps. Steered away to short third man
10.1
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, googly wide outside off. Sliced away to backward point
9.6
Naib to Amla, no run, very tentaive prod, and an equally tentative poke, to end up chopping it down
9.5
Naib to De Kock, 1 run, gets some width and slices it away behind point
9.4
Naib to De Kock, no run, presses forward, covers the line well to knock it to short mid-wicket
9.3
Naib to De Kock, FOUR, oh Asghar! He's made an absolute clown of himself at third man. So Quinton tried a hoick, managed an outside edge down to third man, where Asghar over-runs the ball and misreads the spin with the ball making matters worse by trickling over
9.2
Naib to De Kock, no run, 122kph, middle-lined. A line-covering push out, mid-on
9.1
Naib to De Kock, no run, stays leg-sided, driving it inside-out all along the turf to mid-off
8.6
Rashid Khan to De Kock, 1 run, presses forward, whipping it wide of the diving short mid-wicket
8.5
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, tickled away off the thighs to short fine leg
8.4
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, hurried in by the turn, ending up inside-edging it onto his pads
8.3
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, short googly. Defended from behind it
8.2
Rashid Khan to De Kock, no run, short again, but skidding quicker. Punched away to cover
8.1
Rashid Khan to De Kock, FOUR, rank drag down. Quinton couldn't have asked for it easier, he rocks behind, on top of it and murders his pull into deep mid-wicket
7.6
Hamid to Amla, no run, short, but skids along. Amla - luckily - keeps watching it till the end, adjusting out of his early duck with soft hands behind it to keep it out
7.5
Hamid to Amla, FOUR, goes straight down. After a barrage of leaves and defences, Amla stamps his class on this one .. with the fullest of bats in just the cleanest of straight drives
7.4
Hamid to Amla, no run, length, nipping back in, but again, a length-trusting leave
7.3
Hamid to De Kock, 1 run, plonks forward, caressing it through cover. Okay, half a caress
7.2
Hamid to Amla, 1 run, goes behind, closing up hia bat face to merely tap it away through square leg
7.1
Hamid to Amla, no run, good length just outside off, decent carry as well, lined up leave
6.6
Aftab Alam to De Kock, FOUR, 129kph. Oh and finally, some intent. A juicy pitch up outside off, and Quinton flows through the line, drilling it away through extra cover
6.5
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, cuts back in, more defence, down the pitch
6.4
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, arches behind, stabbing it better this time to point
6.3
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, skids through, a flat-footed stab attempted, inside-edging it onto his body instead
6.2
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, surprise carry. Cross-seamed, spitting up with Quinton wanting to cut, only to pull out
6.1
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, rocks behind in an attempted nudge, getting it off the inside half onto the pad
5.6
Hamid to Amla, no run, uses the angle-in to wrist it away softly to square leg
5.5
Hamid to Amla, no run, more short, Amla tries going across the line, but no, can't time this right, inside-edging it onto his own thighs
5.4
Hamid to Amla, no run, keeps up with the short stuff. Amla goes up tall, punching it defensively to cover-point
5.3
Hamid to Amla, no run, ahort again, but this one's more of the harmless kind outside off. Amla will sway inside
5.2
Hamid to Amla, no run, short, hurrying onto Amla - who pulls - although late and off the inside edge only onto his body
5.1
Hamid to Amla, no run, length, somewhere around the fourth stump. Amla's putting himself through a tough net here, leaving this
4.6
Aftab Alam to Amla, 1 run, short, into the body, pulled away behind square
4.5
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, Afghanistan review an LBW: So Amla's struck high on his front pad with the ball angling in already in the first place. But no, even if the onfield ump won't budge, the desperation of having nothing on the board will make Naib take it up. And yes, it's half a stump over the stumps as per HawkEye. And then a couple of stumps down leg too
4.4
Aftab Alam to Amla, 2 runs, 129kph, beautiful cover punch - the high head, high elbows, everything - but cover does well to dive and keep it to a single, only for a wayward throw to then leak the overthrow
4.3
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, 130kph, sticks into the pitch a touch, making a mess of Amla's timing on his cover-slap
4.2
Aftab Alam to De Kock, 1 run, 129kph, onto the legs, clipped round the corner
4.1
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, 132kph, good length in from round the wicket. Quinton shuffles, getting behind in a straight-batted defence
3.6
Hamid to De Kock, 1 run, 139kph, goes short. Quinton slaps uppishly, backward of point
3.5
Hamid to Amla, 1 run, 145kph, pushed through the line, softly and just wide of mid-off to pinch a quick one in
3.4
Hamid to Amla, no run, pitched up on off. Amla gets out a stride close, driving it away to mid-off
3.3
Hamid to De Kock, 1 run, another half-square-up, adjusting well with the opened up bat face to steer it down to third man
3.2
Hamid to De Kock, no run, squared up with the zip going across. Quinton goes back tall, poking well and truly inside the line
3.1
Hamid to De Kock, no run, 145kph, attempted cover-drive, coming off the inside half meekly into off
2.6
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, cramped up for room in trying to glance it off his legs. Hurried up by the pace on it as well, missing eventually
2.5
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, pitched further up. Amla drives, firmly, to cover
2.4
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, fuller, fifth-stumped, nipping back in too. Again, not worth not-leaving
2.3
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, a bit of seam away off the deck. Left
2.2
Aftab Alam to Amla, FOUR, wafty drive, but it comes in sharply off the pitch, rushes Amla in to take a very streaky inside edge running past the stumps
2.1
Aftab Alam to De Kock, 1 run, covers the line, wrists his defence off the inside half of his bat to mid-wicket
1.6
Hamid to De Kock, 1 run, 145kph. An unconvincing first run - off an inside edge ricocheting off the pad to cover's left. And then real quick legs to trump the non-direct throw
1.5
Hamid to Amla, 1 run, 141kph, carves at the width, running it down to third man
1.4
Hamid to Amla, no run, 139kph, cuts back in onto the body. A hopping, getting behind the line to nudge it away to leg
1.3
Hamid to Amla, no run, back of a length just outside off, and more leaving
1.2
Hamid to Amla, no run, overcooked outside off. Amla lays into it, bending low, creaming a cover drive so well that he picks cover out perfectly
1.1
Hamid to Amla, no run, 135kph, tight on the stumps. Amla can only block - and block he does
0.6
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, well left. Trusts the shortened length, despite the movement back in off the pitch to leave. Alam has a decent start .. if only he had a few more to play with
0.5
Aftab Alam to De Kock, no run, 132kph, kicks up off a length, sharply jagging away as well with Quinton indulging in half a poke outside off, and getting beaten fully
0.4
Aftab Alam to Amla, leg byes, 1 run, tailing into the thighs with the angle, tucked off them round the corner
0.3
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, 133kph, middle-lined, making Amla play, which he does in a back-footed defensive knock to mid-on
0.2
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, much wider, off a good length, Amla apparently needs a few more sighters
0.1
Aftab Alam to Amla, no run, nice zones - just outside off, with a hint of shape going away off the pitch. Amla isn't messing with these, lining himself in front of his stumps leaving
Commentary
Amla, David Miller, Imran Tahir, Faf du Plessis (c), Chris Morris,De Kock, Beuran Hendricks, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo
Hamid,Asghar Afghan,Nabi,Noor Ali,Aftab Alam,Naib,Shahidi,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Hazratullah Zazai
