49.6
Bhuvneshwar to Tahir, out Caught by Kedar Jadhav!! Short of length, denies Tahir the room to swing - which he attempts anyway and slices it off the outside half to cover. Brilliant finish from Bhuvneshwar, just 3 off the final one wkt (9-227) min (2m). Tahir c Kedar Jadhav b Bhuvneshwar 0(2)
49.5
Bhuvneshwar to Tahir, no run, short and wide outside off, Tahir backed away from the line of it which dented his cause of trying to reach out for the ball. Dot.
49.4
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, 1 run, good length ball on off, Rabada makes room and slaps it to extra cover
49.3
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, 2 runs, slanted across off, Rabada carves this wide of sweeper cover
49.2
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, out Caught by Kohli!! Lofted straight to Kohli at long-off. The slower balls have worked well for Bhuvneshwar. Morris hasn't been able to size them up. He banks on his power this time, looking to hammer it straight, but the elevation ain't there. Easy for the Indian captain wkt (8-224) min (58m). Chris Morris c Kohli b Bhuvneshwar 42(34) [4s-1 6s-2]
49.1
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, no run, slower ball wide of off, Morris swings and misses as the ball doesn't get up too high
48.6
Bumrah to Rabada, no run, takes the pace off and beats Rabada who was wishfully on one knee for the slog-sweep
48.5
Bumrah to Rabada, FOUR, low full toss on off, Rabada makes room and drills it past mid-off
48.4
Bumrah to Chris Morris, 1 run, strikes Morris on the splice as he swings, balloons up in the air over Bumrah who runs back but can't get back to it
48.3
Bumrah to Chris Morris, no run, back of a length at the top of middle, Morris mistimes the pull down the pitch
48.2
Bumrah to Rabada, 1 run, drags the heave off the toe-end towards deep midwicket
48.1
Bumrah to Rabada, no run, cuts this away with the roll of his fingers, beats Rabada's outside edge from short of length
47.6
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, 2 runs, swiped off the inside half wide of long-on
47.5
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, 1 run, skidding through from short of length, mistimed pull from Rabada wide of midwicket
47.4
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, 2 runs, slower bouncer which carries with it the spongy bounce that such a variation usually generates. Rabada can't get on top of it as he pulls, top-edges it over Dhoni towards fine leg
47.3
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, 1 run, length ball wide of off, Morris groans in anguish as he slaps it to sweeper cover
47.2
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, 1 run, back of a length delivery outside off, Rabada muscles the flat-batted swipe to long-on
47.1
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, 2 runs, full toss outside off, driven wide of long-off
46.6
Bumrah to Rabada, 1 run, slashed through to sweeper cover
46.5
Bumrah to Rabada, no run, backs away and is confronted by a searing short ball, has no answers for it even as he swings into a pull
46.4
Bumrah to Rabada, 2 runs, flaps the pull shot wide of long-on. No timing on it, came from pretty high on the bat with Bumrah rushing him with his pace
46.3
Bumrah to Chris Morris, 1 run, slower ball outside off, has Morris poking away loosely to take a faint outside edge. Drops well in front of Dhoni though and spins away to cause a fumble
46.2
Bumrah to Chris Morris, FOUR, makes room, receives a low full toss at the stumps and blazes it through extra cover
46.1
Bumrah to Rabada, 1 run, cannoned into the blockhole, 138kph, Rabada squeezes it down to long-on
45.6
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, no run, completely beaten this time. Another slower ball. Morris is through the swing too early, fails to connect
45.5
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, 2 runs, deceived to such an extent by the slower ball that his bottom hand comes off on the lofted on-drive. The shot itself doesn't clear the 30-yard circle, so long-on can't reach it in time
45.5
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, wide, slower leg-cutter that jumps away past the wide marker outside off. Morris's slash doesn't get close
45.4
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, 1 run, short of length on middle, jabbed in front of cover
45.3
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, 1 run, full toss on off stump, driven firmly to long-on
45.2
Bhuvneshwar to Rabada, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length on leg stump, skids through onto Rabada's thigh pad as he's late on the clip
45.1
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, 1 run, full and wide, change of pace at 123kph, Morris mistimes his drive down to long-off
45.1
Bhuvneshwar to Chris Morris, wide, well wide outside off, no need for Morris to go after it
44.6
Bumrah to Rabada, no run, such clever bowling. Had hurried him for pace with the earlier deliveries, and now slips in a slower ball which Rabada bunts uppishly into the on-side
44.5
Bumrah to Chris Morris, 1 run, pitched up outside off, driven to sweeper cover
44.4
Bumrah to Rabada, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length on leg, zips into the thigh pad of Rabada. Late on the ball again
44.3
Bumrah to Rabada, no run, beaten for pace! Banged in short, whistles past the top-edge as Rabada looks to hook
44.2
Bumrah to Rabada, no run, speared in on leg, flicked to Kuldeep who makes a direct-hit at the non-striker's end. Morris had wandered out for a bit, but he gets back in time
44.1
Bumrah to Rabada, no run, short of length, zips onto Rabada who's nicely onto the back foot in defence
43.6
Chahal to Rabada, 1 run, eased into the off-side for one. End of a superb spell from Yuzvendra Chahal
43.5
Chahal to Chris Morris, 1 run, better from Chahal, much fuller this one. Morris nudges it through midwicket
43.4
Chahal to Chris Morris, SIX, thumping pull shot over the midwicket fence. Morris camping back in the crease to this short ball and using his long levers to pummel it
43.3
Chahal to Chris Morris, no run, not enough room this time either, cuts it to point
43.2
Chahal to Chris Morris, no run, makes some room for himself looking to cut off the stumps, mistimes it to cover
43.1
Chahal to Chris Morris, no run, flat through the air, Morris bunts it back
42.6
Hardik Pandya to Rabada, FOUR, short of length at the hip, Rabada gloriously whips the pull away in front of square. Screamed past Kuldeep in the deep
42.5
Hardik Pandya to Rabada, 2 runs, rushed for pace by this short ball as he looks to pull, just about flaps it over midwicket
42.4
Hardik Pandya to Chris Morris, 1 run, length ball on middle, another cutter, Morris punches to long-on
42.3
Hardik Pandya to Rabada, 1 run, cuts his fingers across the ball, slants it away from a good length, Rabada pushes through the covers
42.2
Hardik Pandya to Chris Morris, 1 run, bounces him with a short one, Morris swivels across nicely and controls the pull to fine leg
42.1
Hardik Pandya to Chris Morris, no run, back of a length delivery on off, blocked from the crease
41.6
Chahal to Rabada, no run, length ball turning in on off, Rabada knocks it down the pitch
41.5
Chahal to Rabada, no run, turned into the on-side
41.4
Chahal to Chris Morris, 1 run, slow through the air, plenty of flight. Morris stretches forward and drills it to long-off
41.3
Chahal to Rabada, 1 run, flat through the air, Rabada works it off the back foot down to long-on
41.2
Chahal to Chris Morris, 1 run, driven down to long-off
41.1
Chahal to Chris Morris, SIX, an attempted googly from Chahal which didn't come out right at all. Rank half-tracker turning down leg, Morris rocks back and clatters it over backward square
40.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Rabada, no run, reads the googly and defends off the back foot. Kuldeep's done for the day
40.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Rabada, no run, tossed up on off, smothered on the front foot by Rabada
40.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Rabada, wide, fired down the leg-side, good gather from Dhoni
40.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Rabada, no run, thick inside edge from Rabada as this ball drifts in on middle, almost did him in
40.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Rabada, no run, floated up on off, defended forward
40.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Rabada, 2 runs, 76kph, teasing flight outside off. The ball dips on Rabada who does well to open the bat face as he guides it past slip
40.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Rabada, no run, flighted delivery on a length outside off, Rabada pushes to cover
39.6
Chahal to Chris Morris, 2 runs, sliding onto the pads, flicked away past the diving mid-wicket fielder and there are acres of space behind, the duo scamper back comfortably for the second
39.5
Chahal to Chris Morris, no run, tossed up on middle, Morris drives it back to Chahal who dives across to stop
39.4
Chahal to Rabada, 1 run, drifting across the left hander, Rabada drops it into the off-side and races across
39.3
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, out Stumped!! Fourth wicket for Chahal. This is top quality leg-spin bowling. Phehlukwayo had decided it is time to go and was taking risks, he runs down the wicket and swings across the line, but the ball dipped in front of him and spun past the inside edge. Dhoni almost fluffed the chance as he juggled the ball once before lighting up the sticks. The key was he remained calm and didn't try to grab the ball wkt (7-158) min (68m). Phehlukwayo st Dhoni b Chahal 34(61) [4s-2 6s-1]
39.2
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, he is not reading Chahal. Wants to go inside out but once more the spin in spoils it for him, the inside edge goes on the bounce to mid-wicket
39.1
Chahal to Chris Morris, 1 run, dragged down outside off, Morris cracks it to sweeper cover
38.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Chris Morris, 1 run, tossed up outside off, Morris goes hard on the drive and mistimes it to long-off
38.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, tossed up around off, Phehlukwayo chips it to long-off
38.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Chris Morris, 1 run, spinning in and Morris nurdles it backward of square leg
38.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, floated up outside off, Phehlukwayo drives square of the wicket
38.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, SIX, massive! Phehlukwayo takes on the longest part of boundary and comes out on top. Flighted on middle and leg, Phehlukwayo backs away and gets under it, then uses his long levers to send it sailing over wide long-on
38.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Chris Morris, 1 run, lots of air and lands very full, driven down to long-on
37.6
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, touch quicker and around off, Phehlukwayo knocks it to cover
37.6
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, wide, another one down leg, Phehlukwayo can't meet with the tickle and that's the second wide of the over
37.5
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, makes room and looks to go inside out, but the ball spins in to take the inside edge, almost carries to Kohli at mid-wicket
37.4
Chahal to Chris Morris, 1 run, flighted outside off, Morris angles it away wide of point and crosses over
37.3
Chahal to Chris Morris, no run, tossed up around off, Morris bends really low to keep this one out
37.2
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, picks a very full delivery to play the sweep and manages to get it over the two fielders in front of square on the leg-side
37.2
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, wide, spinning down leg and Phehlukwayo gets nothing on the glance, easy wide call
37.1
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs, excellent adjustment. Phehlukwayo runs down the wicket and is defeated by the away drift, but he uses his reach to get to the ball and drive it past mid-off, Rahul runs across from long-on and keeps it down to a brace
36.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, on the shorter side and that allows Phehlukwayo to play the back foot punch to long-on
36.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, touch flatter and around off, Phehlukwayo goes back and across to block it
36.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, flighted outside off, Phehlukwayo plays outside the line and the inside edge rolls to mid-wicket
36.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, Phehlukwayo was lining up for the sweep but seeing the loop decides against it, he brings the bat down in time to jam it off the inside edge onto the pad
36.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, nicely looped up on middle, Phehlukwayo pushes it back
36.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Chris Morris, 1 run, a drag down from Kuldeep and Morris mistimes the pull to deep square leg
35.6
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, oh! Dhoni had fun there. Phehlukwayo goes for the fancy reverse sweep and is beaten by the turning ball, Dhoni collects and waits for the foot to leave, but it doesn't so he does a full 360 around the stumps
35.5
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, drifting across and turning in, Phehlukwayo defends into the off-side
35.4
Chahal to Chris Morris, 3 runs, touch quicker. Fraction short and turning away, Morris cuts and the under edge nutmegs Dhoni before running away fine, Rohit gives chase from slip and hauls it in before the rope
35.3
Chahal to Miller, out Caught&Bowled!! Soft soft dismissal. Miller will be kicking himself. He always gets those 20s and 30s but doesn't quite convert them. The leg-break that dips right in front of the left hander, Miller wanted to drive and he can only hit it back to Chahal, who did not have to move and used his knees as a shield to complete the catch. Miller is gutted as he swishes his bat around and walks off. Once more a partnership that was building has been nipped in the bud wkt (6-135) min (69m). Miller c & b Chahal 31(40) [4s-1]
35.2
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, comes down the track and gets a bit too close to the flighted delivery, also cramped up and hence the loft from Phehlukwayo is a mere chip that goes on the bounce to long-on
35.1
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, turned with the spin towards mid-wicket, there is no single on
34.6
Bhuvneshwar to Miller, no run, on a length around off, Miller stands tall and drops it dead into the off-side
34.5
Bhuvneshwar to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, finger roller and he offers width outside off, Phehlukwayo drives to sweeper cover
34.4
Bhuvneshwar to Phehlukwayo, no run, three quarter length and Phehlukwayo camps back to punch it to mid-off
34.3
Bhuvneshwar to Phehlukwayo, no run, short of length close to off, Phehlukwayo rides the bounce and knocks it down
34.2
Bhuvneshwar to Phehlukwayo, no run, bouncer right on top of the stumps, Phehlukwayo sinks down and allows it to sail over
34.1
Bhuvneshwar to Miller, 1 run, again Bhuvi is on that middle and leg line, tucked away to fine leg
33.6
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, drifting in with the arm, but Phehlukwayo decides to shoulder arms on the line
33.5
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, no pace to work with and Phehlukwayo has to be content with a stab into the off-side
33.4
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, slower around off, Phehlukwayo presses forward and blocks
33.3
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, much needed boundary. Phehlukwayo decides to put on the dancing shoes, shimmies down the wicket and gets to the pitch of the flighted delivery, lofts it inside out over extra cover for a one bounce four
33.2
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, 1 run, this one stops on the surface and Miller checks his forward push to long-on
33.1
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, no run, oh! Almost had his man. The slider which skids on and beats Miller on the back foot punch, it wasn't far from the outside edge and Dhoni gloved it after a couple of juggles
32.6
Bhuvneshwar to Phehlukwayo, no run, on a length outside off, Phehlukwayo watches it closely and lets it pass
32.5
Bhuvneshwar to Phehlukwayo, no run, good length ball around off, Phehlukwayo defends with a half stride forward
32.4
Bhuvneshwar to Miller, 1 run, straighter lines and that is enabling Miller to pick the gaps on the leg-side, another easy nudge into the mid-wicket pocket
32.3
Bhuvneshwar to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, short of length on the hips, flicked away to deep square leg
32.2
Bhuvneshwar to Miller, 1 run, fuller and outside off, Miller drives past cover but can't get it past mid-off
32.1
Bhuvneshwar to Miller, no run, attacks the stumps with a good length delivery, turned softly to mid-wicket
31.6
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, tossed up around off, Phehlukwayo is happy to drop it dead into the off-side
31.5
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, quicker and sliding on, Phehlukwayo stays back and punches to cover
31.4
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, undercutting the flighted delivery outside off, defended into the off-side
31.3
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, 1 run, this almost bounced twice, Miller meets it before it does and knocks it to long-on
31.2
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, no run, slower through the air, Miller prods forward and blocks
31.1
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, no run, drifting in from round the wicket, Miller pushes it firmly to point
30.6
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run, maiden! Top over. There is very little any batsman leave alone Phehlukwayo could have done there. Sharp short of length delivery angled across the southpaw, Phehlukwayo sways away from the line of the delivery
30.5
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run, and goes back to the bumper, fired in on middle and leg, Phehlukwayo sits down and allows it to fly over him
30.4
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run, the follow up - a yorker. Aimed right at the base of the stumps, Phehlukwayo ensures he gets his feet out of the way and then brings his bat down in time to dig it out
30.3
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run, bouncer on the stumps, Phehlukwayo decides to take the safer option, he ducks and evades it comfortably
30.2
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run, slanted across the left hander, Phehlukwayo lifts his bat and lets it go
30.1
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run, back of a length on off and middle, Phehlukwayo is right behind the line to defend
29.6
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, very full and outside off stump, Phehlukwayo drives it uppishly to sweeper cover
29.5
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, really full and drifting in, Phehlukwayo defends
29.4
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, 1 run, shortish delivery outside off stump, Miller punches it to sweeper cover
29.3
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, 2 runs, stays back to this delivery that doesn't rise and flicks it wide of long-on
29.2
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, no run, driven back to the bowler
29.1
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, low full toss on the off stump, Phehlukwayo drives it to deep point
28.6
Bumrah to Miller, no run, short of length delivery on the off stump, Miller defends off the back foot
28.5
Bumrah to Miller, FOUR, big open spaces on the on-side, so anything within the stumps is going to be easy for Miller. Flicked to the left of mid-on and it races away
28.4
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, direct-hit would have been very tight. Phehlukwayo defends to the right of Kohli at cover, the Indian captain was onto the ball in a flash, released the throw off balance and missed the target
28.3
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run, yorker, gets it spot on, Phehlukwayo manages to gets his bat down in time to defend
28.2
Bumrah to Phehlukwayo, no run,
28.1
Bumrah to Miller, 1 run, leading edgeee, but safe! Good length delivery on the stumps, Miller closes the bat face early as he tries to flick, gets a thick edge enough to clear point
27.6
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, 2 runs, almost a yorker length, Phehlukwayo is surprised by the length, squeezes it to third man off the toe-end
27.5
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, 1 run, short delivery on the stumps, Miller punches it to long-on
27.4
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, no run, steps out and drives it to long-off
27.3
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, again another delivery delivered very low, Phehlukwayo goes back and punches it towards point
27.2
Kedar Jadhav to Phehlukwayo, no run, wide outside off stump, left alone. A very roundarmish delivery from Kedar
27.1
Kedar Jadhav to Miller, 1 run, starts from round the wicket and bowls a flighted delivery outside off stump, Miller drives it to through cover
26.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, driven to short cover
26.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, this is nicely bowled, flighted delivery full enough to draw Phehlukwayo forward, it spins sharply and almost takes the outside edge en route to Dhoni
26.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, googly, but it's not full enough to draw Phehlukwayo forward, pushed into the off-side
26.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, Miller gets an inside edge on this defence, the ball rolls to square leg
26.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, uppish drive, but it goes to the left of the man at short cover
26.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, quicker delivery on the off stump, Phehlukwayo punches it into the off-side
25.6
Chahal to Miller, no run, defended into the on-side
25.5
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, advances and flicks this flighted delivery to deep mid-wicket
25.4
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, driven hard back to the bowler, bump ball as Chahal parries it towards mid-wicket
25.3
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, this one spins back in nicely and catches the inside half of the bat on the defence
25.2
Chahal to Miller, 1 run, shortish delivery just outside off stump, Miller punches it to long-off
25.1
Chahal to Miller, no run, flighted delivery just around the off stump, Miller defends
24.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, very full again on the off stump, Miller drives it to long-on
24.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, shortish delivery on the off stump, Phehlukwayo hurriedly punches to short cover
24.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, nicely swept away, firm and along the ground but deep backward square leg cuts it off
24.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, flighted delivery on the leg stump, Phehlukwayo drives it to long-off
24.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Phehlukwayo, no run, too full to trouble the batsman, defended
24.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, leg-side delivery, Miller flicks it to mid-wicket
23.6
Chahal to Miller, 1 run, gently driven to long-off for an easy single
23.5
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, 1 run, hit in the air, Chahal jumps and tries to get a hand on it, ball escapes and rolls to long-on
23.4
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, FOUR, that is some positive statement from Phehlukwayo, It's 92/5, just faced one ball, but he brings out the reverse sweep and connects very well, hit through point and there's no one manning the fence in the deep in that area
23.3
Chahal to Phehlukwayo, no run, covers the line of this quicker delivery and defends
23.2
Chahal to Miller, 1 run, leaves the crease and drive this flighted delivery along the ground to long-on
23.1
Chahal to Miller, 2 runs, flighted delivery on the stumps, Miller flicks it to square leg, the throw goes to the bowler's end but Phehlukwayo is home
22.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, out Lbw!! India are bossing this game. It's awful to see South Africa struggle so badly. Kuldeep Yadav was tossing the ball up all this while, suddenly pushes one through and surprises Duminy on the defence. The bat comes down at an angle facing square leg as he didn't read the pace on the ball and it was all too late. Impact was in line with leg stump. Duminy knew he was gone, but took a chance with the review hoping for umpire's call at least but HawkEye said hitting and they have lost the review as well wkt (5-89) min (11m). Duminy lbw b Kuldeep Yadav 3(11)
22.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, no run, Kuldeep Yadav dives to his left to save this drive from Duminy
22.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, no run, full delivery on the stumps, Duminy drives it back to the bowler
22.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, no run, appeal for LBW, not given, not reviewed. Brilliant bowling. Duminy yet again targets the slog-sweep and is forced to change last minute because he was beaten by the flight, tries to defend, but gets hit on the pad, probably pitched outside leg stump
22.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, no run, floated up on the stumps, driven back to the bowler
22.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, width on offer outside off stump, Miller cuts it to sweeper cover
21.6
Chahal to Miller, 1 run, sliding across the left-hander, Miller punches it to cover
21.5
Chahal to Miller, no run, short delivery on the stumps, Miller goes back and punches it to short mid-wicket
21.4
Chahal to Duminy, 1 run, this takes the outside edge, flatter delivery on the off stump, Duminy plays inside the line and it rolls past slip to third man
21.3
Chahal to Duminy, no run, "Really well bowled," says Dhoni now. Lovely drift away from the left-hander and that is keeping Duminy honest at the crease, watches the ball turn in to him and defends carefully
21.2
Chahal to Duminy, no run, well bowled. "Nice bowling," chirps MSD. Duminy ran down the pitch, but Chahal rushed the batsman and forced Duminy to defend as he couldn't get to the pitch of the ball
21.1
Chahal to Miller, 1 run, too straight and a leg stump line allows Miller to happily flick to mid-wicket
20.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, the googly on the stumps, Miller punches it to long-on without moving his feet, he was cramped for room
20.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, 1 run, short enough for Duminy to hang back and cut square of the wicket on the off-side
20.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, no run, nicely bowled, Duminy was lining up for the slog sweep, but Kuldeep Yadav tossed up this generously and bowled it full too, forcing Duminy to change his shot and defend to cover
20.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, stays back in the crease, watches the ball spin away and cuts it through point to thd deep
20.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Duminy, 1 run, friendly full toss first up to Duminy, swept to deep square leg, he's off the mark
20.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Miller, 1 run, oh it's an uppish drive to long-off, the bottom hand came off the handle, that means he was beaten in flight
19.6
Chahal to Fafdu Plessis, out Bowled!! The leggie beats, the googly nearly goes through and now the slider will do the job. Fired in quicker, flatter, with Faf staying frozen in his stance in his crease, playing all around it. But nah, it fizzes off the surface, slipping in through his defence - that's playing outside the line - and deflecting off his pad to peg off back wkt (4-80) min (77m). Fafdu Plessis b Chahal 38(54) [4s-4]
19.5
Chahal to Fafdu Plessis, no run, the googly that skids on. Faf neatly makes a mess of it as he waits on the back foot, somehow jabbing his bat down in time
19.4
Chahal to Miller, 1 run, the legs again, for a more-awaited nurdle behind square
19.3
Chahal to Miller, no run, decides to skip down the pitch, a little too close for comfort as he clips it straight to short mid-wicket
19.3
Chahal to Miller, wide, drifts into the legs and then spins further past the attempted half-flick
19.2
Chahal to Miller, no run, flatter on the stumps. Jabbed back from deep in the crease
19.1
Chahal to Vander Dussen, out Bowled!! Oh he looked so good conventionally, and he looks just as ugly in trying to be extravagant. But don't be fooled, this is Chahal's perfectly laid out trap. He slows it down through the air, gets it to drift down leg and Rassie, having premeditated a reverse sweep shuffles well across his stumps and then the ball dips under the bat that becomes one-handed and spins back in to leave a real mess behind wkt (3-78) min (59m). Vander Dussen b Chahal 22(37) [4s-1]
18.6
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, 1 run, uses the pace and the wide-line to guide it down to third man
18.5
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, 133kph, sitting up short. Slapped powerfully to cover, where KL - wrongfooted - can't keep it out cleanly
18.4
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, no run, 135kph, fourth-stumped. Faf stays stuck in his crease, sticking his bat out in defence
18.3
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 133kph, cuts into the tummy. Rassie shuffles, using the in-angle to turn it away rather softly through square leg
18.2
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, in the channel just outside off. Rassie continues lining it up well, getting right beside it push-outs
18.1
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, 136kph, back of a length, but sticks in the pitch, comes on slower that Rassie'd hoped for .. eventually stabbing off the under half
17.6
Chahal to Vander Dussen, 1 run, leg-lined, wristed back down the pitch
17.5
Chahal to Vander Dussen, no run, under-chopped. Quicker, skidding on as well and Rassie miscues it to point
17.4
Chahal to Vander Dussen, no run, presses out to the pitch of it in driving it out to cover
17.3
Chahal to Vander Dussen, no run, goes backwards, keeping the flat dart with a bunt down the pitch
17.2
Chahal to Vander Dussen, no run, beats him. Drifts into middle, grips and straightens past the inside-the-line poke
17.1
Chahal to Fafdu Plessis, 3 runs, loopy start, enticing a drive. And Faf gives it a real thump through the covers. Now Dhawan out there isn't the quickest, and certainly doesn't have the quickest arm. It means a three
16.6
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, 134kph, a one-legged pull, nailing it in the gap at backward square leg
16.5
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, 136kph, short, angling in. Rassie's not taking chances with Pandya's possible staring contests, ducking well and early this time
16.4
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, 130kph, lots of width. Faf crashes, dragging the cut off the front half, in front of point
16.3
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, no run, a hurried up bat opening, in an eventually too-close-to-run-down keep out to point
16.2
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, leg byes, 1 run, 136kph, nips back in on the thighs, and off them down to fine leg
16.1
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, 138kph, ramps his bat in front of his tummy to run it backward of point
15.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Vander Dussen, 1 run, back-footed tap, stroked down the ground
15.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, fuller, presses forward in driving it down to long-on
15.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, another misfield. Faf finally has some meat on his sweep, Bhuvi - at deep square leg - does get to it well, but lets it slip through in his bend down
15.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, full, smashed straight to cover, where Dhawan's sloppiness lets out a couple
15.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, no run, beaten big. Faf expects it to spin in bigger as he shuffles on his back foot and tries to drive through the line .. but no he really isn't reading them, getting fooled on the outside edge
15.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Vander Dussen, 1 run, on the sweep, dragging it from outside off in front of square
14.6
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, 1 run, 138kph, the fuller follow-up sucker. Crisply sliced to a deep sweeper
14.5
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, 134kph, bouncer. Rassie lines up at first, then sways out, and indulges in a long staring contest with Pandya .. with Pandya killing the fun with a smile
14.4
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, tummy-lined. Jabbed away awkwardly through mid-wicket
14.3
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, streaky top-edge. Sitting up outside off, it was meant to be slapped at, but such has been Faf's day - even freebies run off edges, this one off the outside, over slip, when third man's really square
14.2
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, no run, 135kph, jumpy steer, carving it to backward point
14.1
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, pushed uppishly. It's well outside off, and Faf checks his stab, safely wide of cover
13.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Vander Dussen, FOUR, overcook. Rassie already seems in decent touch, laying into it as he absolutely smashes it away through extra cover
13.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, shuffles, gets behind the line and adjusts in a hurried tuck behind square
13.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, no run, another aimless sweep. It's just too full in the first place to be doing it to .. and finds it once again going well under his bat
13.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, no run, goes sweeping - just the typical foriegner's response - and does it all over the ball that sneaks under
13.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, no run, the foxing googly. Full, going the other way and Faf's unread drive gets the thick outside edge, falling just short of slip
13.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, no run, uses the spin-in to nurdle it around to leg
12.6
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, 138kph, pitched up on off. The stride-cum-block
12.5
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, aimless waft outside off. Sitting up outside off and Rassie tries punching it on the up, only for the bounce to get big and go well over
12.4
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, 135kph. Another kick up off a length .. really not that alarming, but Faf - wearing it on his gloves - loses his bat's grip as well. Ahh, when Pandya makes surfaces look like fifth day minefields ..
12.3
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, no run, hops, riding the bounce in just a tap to point
12.2
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, 133kph, too straight, and delicately glanced away behind square
12.1
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, no run, 135kph, back of a length, fifth-stump maybe. Faf doesn't bother
11.6
Kuldeep Yadav to Vander Dussen, no run, more of the full stuff on middle, defence it'll stay
11.5
Kuldeep Yadav to Vander Dussen, no run, loopier, on middle. Vander Dussen leans out there, adopts, blocks
11.4
Kuldeep Yadav to Vander Dussen, no run, drifting across, fuller for a change, and pushed away to cover
11.3
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, continues rocking behind, and continues milking them into square leg. Kuldeep's yet to find his length here
11.2
Kuldeep Yadav to Vander Dussen, 1 run, spinning into the thighs, nudged, behind square
11.1
Kuldeep Yadav to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, way too short. Easy nudges these - rocking behind and wristing it away through square leg
10.6
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, 129kph, nice friendly overpitch. Driven away defensively
10.5
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, no run, length, angling back in. Knocked away, head on ball, from the crease
10.4
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, absolute brute. From somewhere, somehow, the ball spits up the cobra way off a length. And Faf jabs his bat up, edging it past that one slip
10.3
Hardik Pandya to Vander Dussen, 1 run, cuts in off the deck onto the tummy. Tucked away round the corner
10.2
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, opens up his bat face, steering it down to third man. Gee, this is looking really easy after how troubled he looked only some minutes ago ..
10.1
Hardik Pandya to Fafdu Plessis, no run, 127kph, a decent back of a length start just outside off. A decent lined up defence as well
9.6
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, no run, ooomph! Bangs it in on a short of length again @138km/h, loads of skid off the surface, and seams back in to the thigh guard of Vander Dussen as he jack-knifes of a hop, but fails to tuck it away
9.5
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, no run, @137km/h, banged in, spears it in towards his abdomen, has Vander Dussen hopping and he manages to squirt it out towards the on-side off the backfoot
9.4
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, back of a length again, @139km/h, Vander Dussen glides it down with an open face towards deep backward point for a couple
9.3
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, no run, short of length once again, no width on offer, Vander Dussen hops once again and opens the face to steer it towards point
9.2
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, no run, angling in, seaming back in a touch, @136km/h, from a short of length, Vander Dussen hops to account for the extra bounce and manages it keep it down
9.1
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, no run, fuller length delivery honing in towards off-stump @143km/h, Vander Dussen gets forward to the pitch of it and pushes it to cover
8.6
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, unplayable stuff. A peach. @143km/h, short of length delivery, taking off from a short of length, and straightening off the surface - makes Fafdu Plessis arch back to evade the outside edge
8.5
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, seaming back in again from a back of a length, huge gap between bat and pad, Fafdu Plessis defends lousily off the inside edge
8.4
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, looks like his scrambled seam variation, on a short of length, seams back in sharply, Fafdu Plessis gets too far across, and manages to jack-knife low to swat it away into the on-side
8.3
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery angling in towards off, probably hitting the top of off, Fafdu Plessis defends it late from the crease into the off-side
8.2
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, banged into a back of a length, angling in, Fafdu Plessis gets on the backfoot and punches it to cover
8.1
Bhuvneshwar to Vander Dussen, 1 run, a tad fuller than his usual length today, Vander Dussen gets forward and pushes it to cover, and they're through for a sharp single
7.6
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery @141km/h, draws him forward, and he's punched it to cover.
7.5
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, skids through from a good length, middle-stump line, @142km/h, Fafdu Plessis stays in the crease and presents a hasty defence
7.4
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery marginally wide outside off, Fafdu Plessis is quick in getting forward, pushes it towards cover
7.3
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, 138km/h, seaming in from a short of length, too abrupt for Fafdu Plessis who is caught hopping once again to drop it into the wicket off his blade
7.2
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, bangs it into the wicket, his own half, in line with off-stump, @136km/h, has Fafdu Plessis jumping again to fend it into the wicket
7.1
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, 1 run, back of a length delivery @139km/h, great bounce, Vander Dussen hops to ride the steep angle and punches it to cover for a single
6.6
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, fuller length delivery angling into the pads, middle-stump line, Fafdu Plessis uses the momentum and gets across to whip it away towards the deep midwicket fence for four. Rather close to the fielder at short midwicket
6.5
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, skids through from a back of a length, towards the off-stump, Fafdu Plessis stays put in the crease and deadbats it solidly
6.4
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery on middle, Fafdu Plessis gets across again, partially, and pushes it back to the bowler from the crease
6.3
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery marginally wide outside off, Fafdu Plessis steps across and shoulders arms
6.2
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery on off, a hint of movement in the air too, inwards, and Fafdu Plessis defends it off a tall stance into the off-side. No feet.
6.1
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery angling in towards off, Fafdu Plessis is caught on the backfoot and opens the face to steer it defensively towards point
5.6
Bumrah to Vander Dussen, 2 runs, good length delivery just outside off @142km/h, Vander Dussen gets forward and pushes it away behind point for a couple
5.5
Bumrah to De Kock, out Caught by Kohli! Gone! The openers have been executed by Jazzy B! Pitches it on a good length, with that extra oomph, @143km/h, De Kock gets forward but the extra bit of bounce and movement induces the outside edge as he tries to transfer his weight onto the cover drive and that is a great catch by Kohli at third slip! Boy, that ball was travelling, and he really has left his slip-catching woes behind too. Just a supersonic movement of the hands above his head, excellent reactions, and he gobbles it up! Boom boom, goes the crowd wkt (2-24) min (28m). De Kock c Kohli b Bumrah 10(17) [4s-1]
5.4
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, 1 run, skids through from a good length, after landing on a 4th stump line, @144km/h, Fafdu Plessis taps it from the crease into the off-side for a quick single
5.3
Bumrah to De Kock, 1 run, short of length delivery angling towards off @143km/h, not a lot of width, De Kock gets low in the stance and opens the face late, steers it down to third man for a single
5.2
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery on middle @139km/h, skidding towards middle, keeping a little low, De Kock gets across and nudging it towards square leg
5.1
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, good length delivery @143km/h in the corridor of uncertainty, De Kock gets forward with some newly-found conviction and drives it to mid-off
4.6
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery angling in but too wide outside off, seaming away and curving a little too, maintaining the away-swinging seam position - left alone in the end
4.5
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, pitches it up on a good length, just outside off, seams away a little, straightening, Fafdu Plessis pokes away from the body and gets a massive outside edge! Falls just short of Rohit at second slip...
4.4
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery marginally wide outside off, Fafdu Plessis is happy to leave that alone on account of the line
4.3
Bhuvneshwar to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, hard length, not enough bounce, but @143km/h, Fafdu Plessis gets on the backfoot and tries punching, gets a massive inside edge towards backward square leg for a couple
4.2
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, 1 run, short of length delivery on the hips, tucked away to fine leg for a single
4.1
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, FOUR, there's a leather-magnet on these edges! From over the wicket, pitching on leg-stump, seaming away off a scrambled orientation, De Kock tries to flick it away, gets a leading edge wide of the cordon towards third man for four
3.6
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery angling into the stumps, Fafdu Plessis finally gets used to the pace, gets quickly onto the backfoot and deadbats
3.5
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, @142km/h, pumping up the pace, scrambled-seam delivery seaming in from a back of a length, Fafdu Plessis stays in the crease, plays with soft hands and gets it off the outside edge - falls short of the cordon
3.4
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery skidding through on the stumps, Fafdu Plessis is caught on the crease and defends it late onto his boots. Clearly hurried.
3.3
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, misses the leg-stump! Almost plays on to the stumps! A fuller one @144km/h, surprising Fafdu Plessis, and he leans into the drive a little late - gets a thick inside edge to fine leg for four
3.2
Bumrah to Amla, out Caught by Rohit! First blood for India in the World Cup, and it's the big wicket! Amla departs! Angles it in from the corridor of uncertainty @140km/h, gets it to straighten off the seam just enough, and despite the shuffle, gets a thick outside edge off the hop - and that has carried to Rohit Sharma at second slip. He holds on to a commendable low catch and that's the first wicket for India in the World Cup wkt (1-16) min (11m). Amla c Rohit b Bumrah 6(9) [4s-1]
3.1
Bumrah to De Kock, Byes, 1 run, @137km/h, takes off from a short of length, seaming away, gets big on De Kock's attempted cut even on the fly - beaten on the top-edge, and that's too much fire for Dhoni's ice as it bounces off his glove towards third man for a bye
2.6
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, no movement of note from a good length, in the channel outside off, Amla shuffles across, gets his leading eye on off-stump, leaves it alone watchfully
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, seaming back in from a short of length, tight line, Amla gets on the backfoot and punches it late towards cover
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, 1 run, angled away from a short of length, angling away but holding its line a little, De Kock gets on his toes and tries driving, gets a thick inside edge behind square leg for a quick single
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, 1 run, back of a length skidder without a lot of width outside off, Amla tries getting low and cutting it away, chops it off the under-edge towards third man for a single
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, back of a length delivery on middle and off, straightens off the seam, Amla gets back and across to defend it late
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, FOUR, a good length delivery outside off, Amla gets half-forward and opens the face, transfers his weight onto that square drive behind point for four. Elegance personified!
1.6
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, almost a replica of the previous ball, @138km/h, De Kock gets on the backfoot and tries to play it late - even that doesn't help, and he is beaten comprehensively on the outside edge
1.5
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery @138km/h, De Kock is beaten well and truly on the outside edge trying the backfoot defence
1.4
Bumrah to De Kock, 2 runs, very full delivery on the boots, whipped away to fine leg, De Kock is late on the second one, a throw by Jadhav from the boundary to Dhoni and he in turn has a throw at the stumps at the striker's end - misses! QdK was gone! Not even the dive could have saved him. Almost run-out for the second time in two games!
1.3
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, hits a back of a length and angles it away @134km/h, looked much faster, as hint of away movement off the wicket and De Kock is beaten on the backfoot defensive
1.2
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, hits the deck hard, a little too wide outside off from a tad wide of the crease - De Kock leaves it alone. Almost an off-side wide.
1.1
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, banged in on a short of length @137km/h, De Kock gets tall on his toes and tries to cut - no width - and he chops it off the under-edge into his boot
0.6
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, a hint of movement into the batsman in the air, Amla gets forward, and defends the fuller one. He's hitting some nice lengths after the first two deliveries...
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, short of length delivery in the channel outside off, not a lot of movement in the air, just a little off the pitch, and Amla shoulders arms
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, 1 run, pitched fuller, De Kock gets forward and taps it to mid-off - takes off for a quick single to mid-off. A bit of hesitation and De Kock doesn't want to be part of another run-out
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, no run, pitches it fuller, a hint of movement in, De Kock's eyes lit up as he saw one on the pads but was late on the flick as it strikes his pads. Outside leg though, and not much of an appeal...
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, no run, back of a length once again, no movement, on middle, De Kock hops and tucks it in front of square leg
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, 1 run, swinging in early, pitching on a back of a length, Amla gets back and across and steers it late down towards third man for a single. A bit of swing into the right-hander. How long will this last?
Commentary
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shikhar Dhawan,Bhuvneshwar Kumar,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
Duminy,Amla,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,De Kock, Tabraiz Shamsi,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Tabraiz Shamsi
