Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson,Henry Nicholls
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Karthik,Yuzvendra Chahal,Jadeja,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Commentary
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, good length delivery on middle, and a hasty defence off the frontfoot. Struck on the pads first ball! Review time! Given not out! India review. Pitches on a back of a length and skids on, straightens a little, skids - umpire's call for impact, and missing leg-stump. India lose their review, first ball!
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, defended off the frontfoot
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, fuller length delivery swinging away outside off, punched to mid-off
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, seams back in from a back of a length, struck on the pads as Guptill misses the defence, and a stifled appeal - perhaps too high
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, back of a length and on a probing length outside off, Guptill goes poking away outside off, and the ball seams away, beating the outside edge
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, fuller length delivery angling in towards middle, Guptill gets across and defends - off the inside edge towards midwicket
0.6
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery outside off, and that's left alone by Nicholls
1.1
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, banged in on a back of a length angling across, Henry Nicholls gets across and is beaten on the backfoot defence. Ends up playing inside the line - doesn't chase it
1.2
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery on middle, Henry Nicholls walks at it and pushes it towards cover
1.3
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery on off, Henry Nicholls gets half-forward and taps it on the head into the off-side
1.4
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, back of a length delivery on off, Henry Nicholls is hurried into a punch towards cover off the backfoot
1.5
Bumrah to Henry Nicholls, no run, cramps him for room, banged in and heading right for the gut, Henry Nicholls hastily blocks it off the backfoot and back to Bumrah
1.6
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, fuller length delivery angling in towards off, Guptill uses his reach, gets a massive stride in, and deadbats is compactly into the off-side
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, gets it much fuller again, a slower one @119km/h, Guptill gets his foot forward and delays the checked punch to cover
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, pitches it on a good length, angling in towards middle, Guptill checks a drive straight down the ground, but Bhuvi gets a hand on it on his followthrough. Another dot
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, no run, on the pads, nudged away towards short midwicket
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to Guptill, 1 run, short of length delivery angling in towards middle, nudged off a hop to square leg, and that's Run #1 for the Kiwis - off the 17th ball! Nerves. Those jangling nerves.
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Henry Nicholls, no run, good length delivery angling away, Henry Nicholls gets his forward press going and taps it late on the head into the off-side
2.6
Bumrah to Guptill, no run, banged in, short of length, steep bounce - all of that @141km/h and a hint of unpredictable seam movement in. Guptill shuffles across and takes the safer route - shouldering arms
3.1
Bumrah to Guptill, no run, further towards the batsman's half heading towards the off-stump line @143km/h to make him play - Guptill gets across and blocks it into the off-side whilst on the backfoot
3.2
Bumrah to Guptill, out Caught by Kohli! Bull's eye Bumrah! Absolutely hammers it into the corridor of uncertainty @138km/h, hurries the batsman - no time to think - and he is coaxed into having a poke whilst on the backfoot. A massive edge towards the cordon, and Kohli pounces to his left, every emotion reflecting in his eyes as the anticipation for an early breakthrough heightens, and relief when he collects it before landing on the turf. Massive breakthrough for India, as the highest run-getter of the previous World Cup has another miserabe outing. wkt (1-1) min (15m). Guptill c Kohli b Bumrah 1(14)
3.3
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, on a back of a length, straightens a little, Williamson is crouching, and he has an iffy poke - beaten off the first ball!
3.4
Bumrah to Williamson, no run, a hint of width outside off, chopped off the backfoot but fails to find the gap - straight to backward point
3.5
Bumrah to Williamson, 1 run, good length delivery just outside off, Williamson gets a good stride in and angles the bat face to steer it to Kl Rahul at point who picks it up quickly, but can't prevent the single
