Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhommehomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson
Gayle,Roach,Nurse,Brathwaite,Holder,Lewis,Cottrell,Pooran,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Commentary
Cottrell to Guptill, out Lbw!! Wow! West Indies couldn't have got a better start here after electing to bowl first. Sensational delivery from Cottrell. Searing yorker that swung in incredibly to ping Guptill on the boot as he was late in getting his bat down on the squeeze. Cottrell went up straightaway and was very confident. Convinced his skipper to take the review and he was spot-on. The salute is out and West Indies are elated wkt (1-0) min (3m). Guptill lbw b Cottrell 0(1)
0.1
Cottrell to Williamson, 4 runs, more comedy here. Everything is happening. A solid drive from Williamson past mid-off, Brathwaite gives the chase and makes a meal of it. Dives a bit too early and ended up making a mockery of himself. It beats him and it looked buffoonery. Lewis, who was behind CB eventually mopped it up. But they ended up running four. Phew!
0.2
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, pitched around off, patted away defensively
0.3
Cottrell to Williamson, 3 runs, Williamson continues his good touch. Leans across and creams this beautifully through extra cover and this time they will collect three
0.4
Cottrell to Munro, out Bowled!! Oh my word! This swung in like a snake on narcotics. Absolute peach from Cottrell, it's getting better and better for him. Munro had no clue there as he was late to spot that. Very full, almost a yorker length aiming at the base of off and it swung in the air which perhaps must've fooled Munro. Goes through his defences and knocks the off-stump. Cottrell is on fire and does his trademark salute again. Both openers gone for New Zealand, this has been a disastrous start for the Kiwis wkt (2-7) min (10m). Munro b Cottrell 0(1)
0.5
Cottrell to Ross Taylor, 3 runs, Taylor is underway. Fuller length and tailed in on middle, Taylor podders across and flicks it through mid-wicket. Three more to end the over
0.6
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, begins with a jagging delivery that comes in a long way after pitching to cramp Taylor for room. Didn't expect it and sort of picked it late only to get an inside edge onto his pads
1.1
Roach to Ross Taylor, FOUR, that's spanked with cruelty. Short and asking for trouble! It was well wide of off and Taylor reaches out to slap it past point
1.2
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, fullish and nipping in, Taylor covers for the swing and blocks
1.3
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, cutting back into the right-hander, defended
1.4
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, homing in on middle, Taylor moves across and blunts it softly
1.5
Roach to Ross Taylor, no run, "Catch" was the shout and it drops in front of cover. Fuller outside off, it kind of stopped on the wicket and Taylor checks his push uppishly. Falls a few yards in front of Hetmyer, who takes it on the half-volley
1.6
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, Cottrell keeps it tight at the stumps, Williamson gets half-forward to ease it out
2.1
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, goes for the away-seamer, on a yorker length outside off. Williamson tries to jam it but gets beaten for pace
2.2
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, opens up Williamson completely with this length delivery that moves off the seam at the last movement and whistles past the outside edge. Williamson didn't get behind the line and poked at it tamely
2.3
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, beauty from Cottrell. Tempts Williamson by hurling it full and takes it away from the right-hander. Williamson goes chasing after the drive sans any feet and almost nicked it off
2.4
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, well-judged leave from Williamson on seeing this good length ball curling away him
2.5
Cottrell to Williamson, no run, back of a length and around fourth stump line, Williamson takes notice and hides his bat behind
2.6
Roach to Ross Taylor, 1 run, short of length, angling in. Taylor stays rooted to the crease and jabs at it. Only manages an inside edge behind square
3.1
Roach to Williamson, no run, goodish length from Roach, targets the Glenn McGrath corridor and Williamson wisely leaves it
