Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Root,Mark Wood,Jofra Archer
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
Commentary
Shakib to Roy, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Roy plunges forward and blocks it back with a straight bat
0.1
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, this was quicker and it was skidding onto the stumps, Roy goes on the back foot and pushes it to short mid-wicket who fumbles and that allows an extra run to be taken
0.2
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, lot of flight on this delivery, Bairstow plants his front foot forward and defends it to the off-side
0.3
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, goes back in his crease and nudges it to the on-side
0.4
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, again, it was a flatter delivery. Bairstow stays put in the crease and defends. It bounces just a touch extra and hits Bairstow high on bat
0.5
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, a good stride forward and a defensive shot to the off-side. Tidy over from Shakib to start the match!
0.6
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a good length and it moves away off the deck, it was well wide of off. And Roy decides to leave it alone
1.1
Mortaza to Roy, no run, this was much straighter, not a lot of movement this time. Roy gets behind it and defends it to the off-side
1.2
Mortaza to Roy, no run, much fuller and attacking the stumps, Roy stays put in the crease and pushes it to mid-on. Roy was looking for a single but decides against it and rightly so
1.3
Mortaza to Roy, FOUR, that is a glorious straight drive! It was an overpitched delivery on the stumps, Roy takes a good stride forward and drives it straight down the ground wih a lot of class and elegance. It beats mid-on and races to the fence
1.4
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, on a good length and on the stumps, Roy tucks it wide of square leg for a single
1.5
Mortaza to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow was just a touch late on that delivery, it clipped his inside edge and went back to hit his pads. In the end, it deflected to the off-side
1.6
Shakib to Roy, no run, lot of air on that delivery, Roy made room to power it to the off-side. He was early into the shot and it came back to hit his pad after clipping the inside edge
2.1
Shakib to Roy, no run, plunges forward and blocks it back
2.2
Shakib to Roy, no run, flatter and wide of off, Roy punches it straight to cover
2.3
Shakib to Roy, 1 run, slower and targeting the stumps, Roy makes room and pushes it wide of cover for a single
2.4
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, comes forward and defends it back
2.5
Shakib to Bairstow, no run, Bairstow is yet to get off the markk after facing 7 balls. He came forward and blocked it back
2.6
Mortaza to Roy, no run, Roy almost walks into that delivery. It was wide of off and Roy decides to leave it in an unusual manner
3.1
Mortaza to Roy, 1 run, slightly shorter than the previous delivery and on the stumps, Roy punches it to mid-on and takes a single
3.2
Mortaza to Bairstow, no run, he seems nervous. On a length and down the leg-side, Bairstow wanted to work it to the on-side. It came off the leading edge and was in the air, landed short of cover
3.3
Mortaza to Bairstow, 1 run, that was short and Bairstow pulled it straight to deep mid-wicket. He found the man to perfection
3.4
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a length and on the stumps, Roy defends it back
3.5
Mortaza to Roy, no run, on a length and angling back into Roy, he wanted to tuck it to the on-side. And ended up missing it
