Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal,Vijay Shankar,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
Gayle,Roach,Brathwaite,Holder,Ambris,Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen,Hetmyer,Shai Hope,Thomas
Commentary
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller than a good length ball with a hint of shape into the right-hander, a good stride forward from Kl Rahul as he solidly blocks it into the off-side
0.1
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, 3 runs, India and Kl Rahul get off the mark. Short of length marginally ball wide of off, Kl Rahul jumps back in his crease and punches it through point. Didn't over-hit it and opens his account with a triple
0.2
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 132kph, very full and outside off, no swing. Rohit Sharma is happy to shoulder arms
0.3
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 137kph, good length ball closer to the off-stump, might have nipped in a touch too, Rohit Sharma lifts his bat and lets it go
0.4
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 133kph, touch too short and on the ribs, Rohit Sharma walks across and employs a one-legged tuck to backward square leg
0.5
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, no run, 132kph, back of a length delivery around middle and off, Kl Rahul hangs back in his crease and gets slightly opened up as he tries to manoeuvre it through the off-side. Hits the bat hard and dies down on the off-side
0.6
Roach to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 136kph, in-slanting length ball on the stumps, Rohit Sharma tucks it into the mid-wicket pocket and hares to the other end
1.1
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, pounds in a short of length ball from wide of the crease, Kl Rahul allows the ball to come to him and drops it into the off-side
1.2
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, continues with the shorter length does Roach and Kl Rahul punches it towards cover off the back foot
1.3
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, touch fuller, Kl Rahul gets forward and fences it to backward point
1.4
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 133kph, fullish ball wide of off, seams in a bit, but that's been left alone on line. Goes to the keeper on the bounce
1.5
Roach to Kl Rahul, no run, 135kph, Roach pitches it up - an in-angler from wide of the crease and attacking the sticks. Kl Rahul bunts it to mid-on
1.6
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 133kph, decks in a touch from a length, Rohit Sharma leans across and taps it to cover
2.1
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, effort ball! Bends his back and darts a shortish ball at 137kph, Rohit Sharma sees the line outside off and tries to carve it over point. Beaten by the extra bounce
2.2
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 133kph, extra bounce on this in-nipper and Rohit Sharma is cramped for room. He jumps and tries to tuck it around the corner, only manages an inside edge onto his body
2.3
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, no run, 135kph, fuller length delivery, pushed firmly towards mid-on
2.4
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, wide, asd38kph, errs in line and slips it down leg, past Rohit Sharma's glance/flick
2.5
Cottrell to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 139kph, the sucker ball from Cottrell. Full and wide outside off, Rohit Sharma almost falls for the bait. The Indian opener reaches out a long way to play an expansive drive. Gets a thick outside edge past the first slip. A streaky single down to third man
2.5
Cottrell to Kl Rahul, no run, a good ball to end the over. A well-directed short ball slanted across the right-handed batsman. Kl Rahul crouches low, drops his wrists and sways away from the line of it
2.6
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, 138kph, full and angling in towards off, Rohit Sharma comes forward and pushes it to cover
3.1
Roach to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, 137kph, pitched up delivery, Rohit Sharma's bat turns at the point of impact as he knocks it to the right of mid-on
3.2
Roach to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 136kph, short of length delivery, tapped with an opened bat-face to the left of backward point. Fabian Allen moves across and fumbles, which allows Kl Rahul to take the single
3.3
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, 132kph, fuller length ball, dropped towards mid-on
3.4
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, shortish ball outside off, Rohit Sharma rides the bounce and dabs it to the right of backward point, can't steal a run on this
3.5
Roach to Rohit Sharma, no run, away-seamer from a length, Rohit Sharma sees the line outside off and lifts his bat up
