Gayle,Kemar Roach,Brathwaite,Holder,Lewis,Sheldon Cottrell,Pooran,Fabian Allen, Shimron Hetmyer,Shai Hope, Oshane Thomas
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Shinwari,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Najibullah,Rahmat,Shirzad,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
Commentary
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, dishes out a floaty half-volley outside off, Gayle sweetly times but finds extra cover
0.1
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, slips it quicker, right on cue and Gayle smothers it
0.2
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, Rahman is lucky to get away as Gayle fails to take toll. Drifted down leg, Gayle sinks low and drags the sweep to short fine leg
0.3
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, darting away outside off, Gayle decides to leave it alone
0.4
Mujeeb to Gayle, no run, this was better. Draws Gayle forward with a slanter that straightens and beats Gayle's outside edge
0.5
Mujeeb to Gayle, 1 run, Gayle is off the mark. Flat and straight, nudged softly to square leg
0.6
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, 1 run, short and rising towards Gayle's tummy, wristed to mid-wicket
1.1
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, angling across the batter and has been left alone
1.2
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, decks in from a length, Lewis pads the ball away. That was high and the impact was also outside off. But then he wasn't playing a shot
1.3
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, a pitched up delivery outside off and has been square driven to the man at cover point. Lovely shot on the up
1.4
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, no run, brings the bat down straight and punches it back to the bowler. Length delivery and Lewis just timed it nicely
1.5
Dawlat Zadran to Lewis, FOUR, on the hips, and nudged away nicely. That was a poor ball down leg and Lewis helped himself to a four as the man at fine leg was inside the circle
1.6
Mujeeb to Gayle, 1 run, gets the length to trek back and tucks it off the pads for a single into the on-side
2.1
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, punches it off the back foot, the bowler picks it up in his followthrough to his left
2.2
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, looks to punch it, inside-edges it on to his pads
2.3
Mujeeb to Lewis, FOUR, treks back and Lewis crunches the punch off the back foot. That sped away into the covers for a four
2.4
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, looks to nudge it fine but fails to get it past the man at short fine leg
2.5
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, loopy ball on the sticks and has been pushed out into the off-side
2.6
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, looks to force the pace off the back foot and inside edges the ball on to his boot
3.1
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, on the pads and Gayle fails to tuck the ball away
3.2
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, length delivery outside off and has been left alone. Gayle was happy to shoulder arms to it
3.3
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, FOUR, backs away, opens his arms up and blasts it down the ground for a four. Backed away and cracked it away. Man at mid-off had no chance
3.4
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, fuller and slightly wider, Gayle looks to throw his bat at it and inside edges the ball away
3.5
Dawlat Zadran to Gayle, no run, teasing channel outside off and Gayle almost thought of pushing at it before bailing out
3.6
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, middle and leg line, Lewis strides back and knocks it out into the on-side
4.1
Mujeeb to Lewis, FOUR, short, outside off and has been slashed away behind square for a four. That was trifle short and Lewis was quick to latch on to it to send it between point and short third man
4.2
Mujeeb to Lewis, no run, treks back and pushes the ball out into the off-side
