Mashrafe Mortaza (c),Rahim,Shakib,Iqbal, Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar, Mosaddek Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Mehidy Hasan, Mohammad Saifuddin
Jp Duminy,Miller,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Lungi Ngidi
Commentary
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, Ngidi starts with a seam-up away-angling delivery at 137kph, Tamim plays inside the line and lets it go through to the keeper. Decent carry-through to the keeper
0.1
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, 1 run, 138kph, straighter line, ends up on leg-stump and Tamim opens his account with a tickle to backward square leg
0.2
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 138kph, Ngidi goes fuller - no real movement - and Soumya Sarkar strides forward to push it watchfully towards cover
0.3
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, no run, almost chopped it on! A shortened length at 135kph and Soumya Sarkar tries to chop it in front of square on the off-side. Gets an inside edge that fortunately for Bangladesh misses the sticks
0.4
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, FOUR, a skiddy short of length delivery on middle and leg, Soumya Sarkar hung back in his crease and didn't quite middle the uppish tuck. He was a touch late into his shot and ended up chipping it over the man at mid-wicket. Despite the lack of timing, the quick outfield ensures that the ball goes to the fence. First boundary of the day!
0.5
Lungi Ngidi to Soumya Sarkar, no run, on a good length and marginally outside off, tapped with soft hands into the off-side. Tamim isn't interested in a single
0.6
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 139kph, back of a length delivery that zips off the deck, Tamim hops and drops it into the on-side with a closed bat-face
1.1
Rabada to Tamim, wide, Rabada errs in line, hint of inswing and ends up straying it down leg at 139kph, Tamim misses the flick and that's been wided
1.2
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 141kph, pitched up delivery, Tamim plays a confident drive off the front foot but straight at the bowler
1.2
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 140kph, on a good length and Tamim falls over as he tries to flick it away. Gets beaten for pace and is rapped on the front leg, but it pitched outside leg
1.3
Rabada to Tamim, no run, good, sharp bouncer and Tamim ducks under it. The batsman has a look at the square leg umpire ... no signal made for a wide
1.4
Rabada to Tamim, no run, skiddy hip-tickler and Tamim is late to close his bat-face. Raps him on the thigh pad and rolls into the on-side
1.5
Rabada to Tamim, 1 run, full and outside off, Tamim plays a booming drive and gets a fat outside edge that flies well past the second slip fielder. A single to third man
1.6
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, beaten! Short of a good length ball at 135kph in that corridor of uncertainty. Tamim was forced to play at it and the left-hander stuck his bat out to have a feel for it. Was very close to the nick
2.1
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, 137kph, short of a good length ball, bunted to the left of the bowler
2.2
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, 2 runs, hurled fuller and wider outside off at 140kph, Tamim leans and drives through extra cover. Not off the middle and has to settle with a couple
2.3
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, 141kph, full again but closer to off on this occasion, Tamim goes for another cover-drive and inside-edges it towards square leg
2.4
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, ooh! Away-angler from a fullish length that might have nibbled away further off the deck. Tamim wants to go after with a drive, gets beaten by the angle
2.5
Lungi Ngidi to Tamim, no run, 140kph, caps off the over with another full-pitched delivery that's been driven straight to the man in the cover region
2.6
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 141kph, back of a length delivery that nipped in a touch, Soumya Sarkar's bottom comes off the handle as he steers it to third man
3.1
Rabada to Tamim, 1 run, 140kph, touch of in-swing on this length ball and Tamim works it in the gap between mid-on and mid-wicket
3.2
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, no run, 145kph! Angled away and Soumya Sarkar mistimes the drive to the left of mid-off
3.3
Rabada to Soumya Sarkar, leg byes, 1 run, full and on the pads at 142kph, Soumya Sarkar misses the flick and the ball deflects to backward square leg off his pad
3.4
Rabada to Tamim, 2 runs, 145kph, full and curling in, Tamim bends his back knee to play a booming cover drive, ekes out an inside edge that rolls through square leg
3.5
Rabada to Tamim, no run, 144kph, angled across the left-hander, Tamim has a good look at it before shouldering arms
