Hafeez, Sarfaraz Ahmed,Wahab Riaz,Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan, Shaheen Afridi
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Soumya Sarkar,Liton Das,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
Commentary
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, slowish off-break, Zaman remains back and defends
0.1
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, 84kph, gives more air and Zaman tucks it softly to mid-wicket
0.2
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, little quicker, but accurate at the stumps. Zaman stretches forward and smothers it
0.3
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on target again from Hasan, attacking the three stumps. Forward and eased
0.4
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, Zaman has had enough and gets off the mark with a crispy driven to long-off
0.5
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, angles the armer, sliding on leg and Imam tickles it to short fine leg, where the fielder puts in the dive and stops it
0.6
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, pacy, inswinging low full toss. Zaman pushes it to mid-on
1.1
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller and it skids on, rapping Zaman on the pad around the knee-roll. Gentle query from Saifuddin for lbw but it's pitched outside leg
1.2
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, shortens his length, getting some zip and Zaman blocks it off the back foot
1.3
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, screams away through cover. "Good that about Fakhar is that he will not waste time," chirps Ramiz Raja on air. It was a bad ball and deserved the bashing. Too short and well outside off, Zaman was able to free his arms and slams it in the pocket between cover and point
1.4
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, adhers to the stump-to-stump line, cautiously defended
1.5
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, searches for the inswinger and in the process, strays it on leg-stump. The fine leg was inside the ring and Zaman was aware about it. Nurdled it past him and gets back for the second before it was cut off by the man from deep square leg
1.6
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, no run, 86kph, floaty off-break outside off. Imam allows for the ball to spin and pokes it to point
2.1
Mehidy Hasan to Imam, 1 run, flatter, straighter and Imam picks it away through square leg
2.2
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, brings Zaman forward with a flighted delivery. Dead-batted cleanly
2.3
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, 2 runs, Zaman dances out and totally miscues after getting foxed by the flight. Loses his shape and balance as he fails to meet the pitch. Slices it up in the air and luckily for him, it drops a few yards wide of long-off
2.4
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, quicker from Hasan, blocked from the crease
2.5
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, bit of confusion but nothing to worry in the end as Zaman turns back to reach safety. Pushed towards extra cover and wanted a single but Imam wasn't ready and sends him back in the nick of time
2.6
Saifuddin to Imam, no run, 131kph, back of a length on leg-stump line. Imam gets in-line and defends it to the leg-side
3.1
Saifuddin to Imam, 1 run, oh, they are at it again. Direct-hit at the bowler's end could've been curtains for Imam but Mehidy can't nail the stumps. Dropped in front of cover and gets a nod for the single from Fakhar. Imam realizes that the throw is coming to his end as Mehidy was charging in, picks up and quickly releases it only to miss the target by a few inches. Imam dived but I reckon he would've been still short
3.2
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, no run, length just outside off, standing punch to extra cover
3.3
Saifuddin to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, swinging in, ends up as a pacy low full toss and Zaman turns it away to mid-wicket
3.4
Saifuddin to Imam, no run, probing line just outside off, Imam opens his bat face and steers it to the right of point. Mosadekk stretches his right hand and stops it
3.5
Saifuddin to Imam, FOUR, that's a poor end to the over from Saifuddin. Drifts it down leg, easy pickings for Imam as he gets across and flicks it past the man at 45
3.6
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, loops it up just outside off, Zaman casually pushes it to point
4.1
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, gets a lot of overspin on this tossie, it darts in and Zaman was playing for the spin. Quickly gets his bat line and hurriedly defends off the inside edge
4.2
Mehidy Hasan to Fakhar Zaman, no run, stomps forward and kills the spin
