Amla,Miller, Imran Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo, Lungi Ngidi
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro, Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham, Matt Henry,Santner, Lockie Ferguson
Commentary
Matt Henry to De Kock, no run, length ball on the stumps, watchfully defended
0.1
Matt Henry to De Kock, no run, the first one past the bat. Oh come on! Matt Henry is bowling cross-seamed second ball of the game. He isn't keen on swing it looks like, De Kock went for the drive through the off-side, played inside the line and missed
0.2
Matt Henry to De Kock, 1 run, much straighter in line, De Kock tucks it to square leg, first runs for the Proteas
0.3
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, short of length delivery well outside off stump, Amla lifts his bat and high and lets it go
0.4
Matt Henry to Amla, FOUR, is he still bowling scrambled seam? This is a freebie ball down the leg-side, Amla will feed on those, can't ask for an easier ball to get going and he glances it to fine leg for the scorers to make some entries
0.5
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, outside off stump, ignored
0.6
Boult to De Kock, no run, Boult looks for swing, tries the outswinger to the left-hander, but it goes straight, De Kock flicks this leg-stump ball to mid-on
1.1
Boult to De Kock, no run, now the length is very full, not much movement yet, De Kock flicks firmly, finds mid-on though
1.2
Boult to De Kock, FOUR, Boult is seriously testing the swing, but to be honest, the seam didn't come out right off his hands for it to swing, so it's an easy leg-side ball, which De Kock tickles for four to fine leg
1.3
Boult to De Kock, no run, slightly short in length that the previous delivery, blocked to leg
1.4
Boult to De Kock, out Bowled!! This is bad batting. You can't say it's a really great ball. Tentative feet, in fact it got stuck and the upper body was leaning forward to drive as soon as the mind decoded this is a full ball. The feet needed to move forward for the balance to be there and this one nipped back into him slightly to beat the inside edge of the bat and knock over the leg pole. You could sense from the walk to the crease at the start that QdK wasn't confident enough mentally. The nerves have got the better of him. Walks back gutted wkt (1-9) min (8m). De Kock b Boult 5(8) [4s-1]
1.5
Boult to Fafdu Plessis, 2 runs, oh what a confident stride first ball on the drive, hang on... There's a mix up, Faf escapes. He dives to save his ground and stares at Amla. Oh South Africa, you can't... I Don't want to say that again... this early in a crunch game. This was a full delivery outside off stump, Fafdu Plessis drives wide of cover, Williamson chased and threw to the bowler's end, Faf was halfway down the pitch by the time Amla said no. Luckily he managed to return by the time the throw was relayed to the keeper. Now Amla and Faf have a chat. Calm down gentlemen!
1.6
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, short of length delivery outside off stump, Amla shoulders arms
2.1
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, waits on the back foot and defends into the off-side
2.2
Matt Henry to Amla, no run, Matt Henry tries the yorker, Amla is upto it, digs it out
2.3
Matt Henry to Amla, 1 run, oh inside edge on the drive, escapes past the sticks. Fullish delivery outside off stump, Amla looks to go through cover, plays away from the body with no feet, gets away with it
2.4
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, fullish and on the stumps, Fafdu Plessis defends
2.5
Matt Henry to Fafdu Plessis, no run, eish! That almost shaved the off pole. Can't say that's a good leave. Faf lifted his bat without covering the off stump much, not sure if he actually knew the line was so close
2.6
Boult to Amla, 2 runs, shortish delivery outside off stump, Amla hops and punches square of the wicket with soft hands
3.1
Boult to Amla, no run, Boult angles one past Amla, ignored
3.2
