Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz, Wahab Riaz, Mohammad Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Asif Ali,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
Commentary
Woakes to Imam, no run, starts with a good length ball outside off, angles across Imam who lets it pass
0.1
Woakes to Imam, 1 run, shorter this time and a bit of width, slapped away behind point by Imam
0.2
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, no run, closer to the off pole, probing Zaman who makes a good leave
0.3
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, sneaks through the infield and with these short square boundaries at Trent Bridge, good luck chasing these. Was a touch too short and although Zaman didn't time the cut that well. Chopped it past Morgan at point and the English skipper was livid with himself. He sets high standards for himself
0.4
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, no run, fuller this time and Zaman doesn't time this once again. Driven to mid-off
0.5
Woakes to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, this is a much better shot and it rockets to the fence in no time. Width from Woakes and that's an area Zaman loved. Frees his arms to belt the cut and this time, nobody in the circle had a chance as it sped through point
0.6
Jofra Archer to Imam, 1 run, squares up Imam straightaway! Short of a good length on middle and off, climbs a bit and he is clearly late due to the pace that Archer is generating. Off the edge and down to third man
1.1
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, leg byes, 4, the pace of Archer is red hot but it can also backfire. Like it did on this occasion. Fed it on leg stump and although Zaman didn't connect the flick, it deflected off the pads fine down the leg-side
1.2
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, good lines this time, around off stump from a good length and Zaman is forced to let it pass
1.3
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, cracking delivery! Nothing much any batsman can do about deliveries like these. Pacy good length ball around middle and off, bounced extra with a hint of away movement. Zaman went fishing and got beaten all ends up
1.4
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, does him again! This probably came back in a fraction from the very spot as the previous delivery, Zaman got cramped and once again is beaten for pace
1.5
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, slash and a miss! Zaman is expecting a wide call but the umpires aren't expected. Plenty of width on this one and perhaps a touch slower than the previous deliveries, Zaman threw everything he had on the cut but couldn't reach it. Archer has an impish grin on his face
1.6
Woakes to Imam, no run, fifth stump line, on a good length and moves away a fraction. Imam lets it pass
2.1
Woakes to Imam, no run, back of a length on off stump, Imam rides the bounce and pats it to point
2.2
Woakes to Imam, no run, a hint of inward movement and Imam shuffles a bit to defend it softly to mid-wicket
2.3
Woakes to Imam, no run, beaten on the drive! The length wasn't probably there for it and Imam was on the move for a flamboyant stroke with no footwork. Moved just a bit and whizzed past the edge
2.4
Woakes to Imam, no run, another play and a miss! Get a feeling that these two are probably trying to go too hard at the ball, instead of stroking it. Shortish and some width on offer, Imam slashes hard but doesn't connect
2.5
Woakes to Imam, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, driven back at Woakes who makes a decent stop in his followthrough. Maiden!
2.6
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short of a good length just outside off, no shot offered by Zaman
3.1
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, dispatched with disdain! Shortish and on the hips, Zaman whips it away with a strong bottom hand through square leg. Superbly timed
3.2
Jofra Archer to Fakhar Zaman, Byes, 1 run, speed gun showed 87mph but it seemed like a slower one that died in front of Buttler and sneaked past him. Zaman hadn't offered a shot to it
3.3
Jofra Archer to Imam, no run, there it is! First bouncer of the innings, slightly leg stumpish and Imam ducks
3.4
Jofra Archer to Imam, no run, the hard length around off stump, defended from the crease towards point
3.5
