Hamid,Asghar Afghan,Nabi,Noor Ali,Aftab Alam,Naib,Shahidi,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Hazratullah Zazai
Amla, David Miller, Imran Tahir, Faf du Plessis (c), Chris Morris,De Kock, Beuran Hendricks, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Kagiso Rabada,Phehlukwayo
Commentary
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, jaffa! An absolute peach from KG to kick-start proceedings. Zazai was cut into half. A back of a length delivery that nips in sharply, Zazai went nowhere with his footwork and just hung his bat out, the ball beats the inside edge and flies over the stumps
0.1
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, now Rabada goes down in his followthrough. Fuller and around off, Zazai with cemented feet bunts it into the leg-side with a closed bat face. Some sawdust being applied near the landing area..
0.2
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, fullish and outside off, Zazai pushes it with hard hands to cover
0.3
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, good length ball around off, Zazai settles into a nice forward block
0.4
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, opens Zazai up and strikes him on the pad. Back of a length delivery an Zazai wanted to tuck it to the on-side, he fails to make contact and is struck on the thigh pad
0.5
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, ruins the over by gifting a nice juicy full toss on middle stump, Zazai accepts it gleefully, he was waiting for something in his zone as soon as he got one, he whips it away to deep backward square leg. No chance for Tahir in the deep
0.6
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, fuller and on off-stump, Noor Ali presents the full bat face and defends
1.1
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, good length ball on off, Noor Ali solidly behind the line to block it out
1.2
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, nice channels. Lands it on a length and draws the batsman forward, there is a bit of seam movement which takes the ball further away from the right hander, Noor Ali has a feel for the ball and is beaten on the outside edge
1.3
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, short of length close to off, Noor Ali trusts the bounce on the surface and shoulders arms
1.4
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, slanted it across the right hander, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
1.5
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, maiden! Hendricks finishes with a sharp short delivery and Noor Ali is hurried into swaying away from the line, he does well in the end to get out of the way
1.6
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 2 runs, Rabada needs to keep it outside off for Zazai, this was on middle and leg-stump, nurdled away backward of square and the call was immediately for two, the duo get it with ease
2.1
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, oh! That is a beauty. More the line to bowl to Zazai. Pitched around middle and seamed away late, Zazai closed the bat face to whack it into the leg-side and is beaten comprehensively. It was not far away from the off-stump
2.2
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, almost carried to square leg. Fuller on the stumps, Zazai clips it with a closed bat face and the ball lands just in front of Vander Dussen near square leg
2.3
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 2 runs, the ball plugs in the outfield and denies Zazai a boundary. Length ball and Zazai is quick to pick it, he swings it across the line over the infield and the ball just stops in front of the boundary rope
2.4
Rabada to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, short and at the body, Zazai swivels and pulls it along the ground to fine leg
2.5
Rabada to Noor Ali, no run, on a length outside off, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
2.6
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, angled into the hips, Zazai tucks it away behind square leg, for a single
3.1
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, he probing away in the channel around off for the right hander, Noor Ali makes a late decision to play and is well beaten
3.2
Hendricks to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length around off, Noor Ali gets nicely behind the line to defend to point
3.3
Hendricks to Noor Ali, FOUR, tad overpitched and Hendricks has been put away. He goes searching for some movement and doesn't get any on this half volley, Noor Ali leans into the drive and places it square on the off-side, the timing takes care of the rest
3.4
Hendricks to Noor Ali, 1 run, attacks the stumps with a length delivery, Noor Ali knocks it near the mid-on region and sets off for a quick single
3.5
Hendricks to Hazratullah Zazai, wide, wastes the short delivery by spraying it down leg, Zazai didn't have to do anything as he pockets a wide
