Mashrafe Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Soumya Sarkar,Liton Das,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
Asghar Afghan,Nabi,Shinwari,Dawlat Zadran,Naib,Shahidi,Dawlat Zadran,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
Commnetary
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, drifting in around middle and leg, punched off the back foot to long-on
0.1
Mujeeb to Tamim, wide, 2 wayward from Mujeeb, drifts this well down leg and it goes further down past a helpless Ikram Ali Khil. Short fine leg tidies up
0.2
Mujeeb to Liton Das, FOUR, fumble and it's a boundary! Cannot afford such fielding blips, especially on such a tricky surface. Das sat back nicely for the back foot punch and timed it well but Rahmat at point should have stopped it. Instead, he lets it through
0.2
Mujeeb to Liton Das, no run, on the shorter side again, punched off the back foot to the off-side
0.3
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, flatter one on middle and leg, Das hangs back and nudges it towards square leg
0.4
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, looped up nicely on middle and off, Tamim presses forward and blocks off the inside half
0.5
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, extra bounce! Early signs that this could be a tough surface to bat on. Was a good length delivery that Tamim wanted to work across the line but the ball just reared up a touch to rap him on the thigh
0.6
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, hint of outward shape to begin with, on a length and Das resists the temptation to play at it
1.1
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, shortish and on leg stump, blocked off the back foot to short mid-wicket
1.2
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, FOUR, sublime stuff! Das is a pleasing strokemaker and when he gets going, it's a visual treat. This was fractionally short from Dawlat and he gave a bit of width as well, Das climbed into the back foot punch. Hit on the up and through the gap at point. The fielder gave a long chase but it teasingly beat him to the fence
1.3
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, just short of mid-on!! Need to be careful when driving on a sluggish pitch. Das realized this probably as he went for the shot and then checked it at the last moment. Spooned it almost to the fielder
1.4
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, no run, back of a length outside off, watchfully left alone by Das
1.5
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, 1 run, gets this to bounce a bit extra from a good length, Das rides it with a steer down to third man
1.6
Mujeeb to Liton Das, no run, fuller and outside off, Das leans forward and blocks it with a nice stride
2.1
Mujeeb to Liton Das, no run, quicker one this time, closer to off and Das keeps it out
2.2
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, slower and shorter on off stump, worked off the back foot down to long-on
2.3
Mujeeb to Tamim, no run, more flight, draws Tamim forward and the southpaw defends solidly
2.4
Mujeeb to Tamim, 1 run, thickish inside edge towards square leg! This was on a good length and Tamim wasn't decisive in his footwork as he tried to punch it. Gets a single
2.5
Mujeeb to Liton Das, 1 run, angles the slider around off, the length continues to be a touch shorter than ideal. Punched down to long-on
2.6
Dawlat Zadran to Liton Das, 3 runs, beautifully played! Overpitched around middle and leg, Das didn't go across the line as instead opted for a straight-batted drive through mid-wicket. It's chased down just inside the ropes
