Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Pradeep,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Mohammad Shahzad,Dawlat Zadran,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
Commentary
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, good shape into the left-hander from a short of length and Karunaratne is late on the glance. Gets beaten and is rapped high on the front leg
0.1
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, back of a length delivery angling away, Karunaratne hops and defends tentatively. Off the inside half and it rolls towards the keeper
0.2
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, similar length, Karunaratne drops it into the off-side, but can't steal a run. It hit the top part of the bat
0.3
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 136kph, short of length delivery wide of off, Karunaratne hangs back and chops it to point
0.4
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, wide, swing for Dawlat Zadran at 135kph, but the line is too straight. Ends up slipping it down leg and it goes past Karunaratne's flick. Mohammad Shahzad makes a diving stop
0.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, FOUR, Dawlat Zadran shortens his length at 136kph, but once again the line is just down leg. Karunaratne hops and tickles it very fine. First boundary of the day and with that Karunaratne opens his account
0.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, on a length and wide of off, a watchful push into the covers follows
0.6
Hamid to Kusal Perera, FOUR, Kusal Perera needs no sighters! A venom-less shortish ball at 130kph. Bounces just above the waist and sits up nicely for the left-hander. Perera waits for it and pulls it through square leg
1.1
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 3 runs, 136kph, Hamid Hassan offers a bit of width and that's enough for Perera to punch it through point. Made decent contact, but the outfield isn't lightning quick
1.2
Hamid to Karunaratne, leg byes, 1 run, cries of catch it, but don't think there was an inside edge there. Hamid Hassan slips this slightly down leg and Karunaratne fails to make contact with his flick. The ball brushes his pad and Mohammad Shahzad can only half-stop with his dive
1.3
Hamid to Kusal Perera, FOUR, authoritative hit! Fuller than a good length ball, Perera stands tall in his crease and batters it to the right of the bowler. No chance for the mid-off fielder to stop that. No need to run for those. Hassan had shifted to round the wicket
1.4
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, knocked into the mid-wicket pocket and the batsmen scamper across for a quick single
1.5
Hamid to Karunaratne, 2 runs, full and outside off and Karunaratne pushes it gently through the vacant point region for a brace
1.6
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, no run, 134kph, nips in from a back of a length and cramps Perera for room. Perera had picked the length and looked to tuck it through the on-side, but was beaten on the inside edge by the extra bounce and the inward movement. Wears it on his body
2.1
Dawlat Zadran to Kusal Perera, 1 run, Dawlat Zadran further shortens his length, Perera doesn't quite middle his swivel-pull, has to settle for a single as the fine leg fielder mops up
2.2
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, just a touch fuller than a good length and he gets it to slant it across the left-hander, Karunaratne shoulders arms. Good carry-through to the keeper
2.3
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 138kph, fuller length ball around off, Karunaratne is half-forward as he defends it back to the bowler
2.4
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 140kph, back of a length delivery, Karunaratne rides the bounce and fences it to backward point
2.5
Dawlat Zadran to Karunaratne, no run, 131kph, banged in short, Karunaratne easily ducks under it
2.6
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, 133kph, in-slanter from round the wicket and it might have nipped in further. Perera inside-edges the punch to square leg for a single
3.1
Hamid to Karunaratne, wide, 5  sprayed down the leg-side and Mohammad Shahzad decides not to dive after moving to his right. Five easy runs for Sri Lanka
3.2
Hamid to Karunaratne, 1 run, 132kph, width on offer outside off, Karunaratne late-dabs it to third man using the pace of the bowler
3.2
Hamid to Kusal Perera, FOUR, Hamid Hassan goes full at 138kph, but ends up right in Perera's arc. The southpaw gets underneath it and smacks it over wide mid-off. 'Stand and deliver' stuff from Perera
3.3
Hamid to Kusal Perera, 1 run, fraction short and has been tucked towards square leg
3.4
Hamid to Karunaratne, FOUR, fullish ball at 138kph, Karunaratne didn't over-hit as he closed the bat-face. But, he middled the clip and placed it through the gap between mid-wicket and mid-on. A teasing chase for the fielder, who could only watch the ball go past the ropes
