Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Lockie Ferguson
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Wahab Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Shaheen Afridi
Commentary
Hafeez to Guptill, FOUR, oh wrong line, down the leg-side and the big Guptill gets down on his knees to powerfully sweep through backward square leg, no one at the fence. Great start for New Zealand
0.1
Hafeez to Guptill, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Guptill flicks uppishly to mid-wicket
0.2
Hafeez to Guptill, 1 run, look at the turn! That tells about the pitch. This was slightly short, so Guptill went back to flick, was surprised by the extra turn, checked his shot, luckily there was no one close at square leg
0.3
Hafeez to Munro, no run, round the wicket to the left-hander, Hafeez almost yorks him, dug out
0.4
Hafeez to Munro, no run, an ugly swipe across the line from Munro, went completely across the line and lost shape, too full for the shot, finds mid-wicket
0.5
Hafeez to Munro, no run, flatter and shorter in length, Munro defends off the back foot
0.6
Amir to Guptill, out Bowled!! And sir! What a start from Amir. Is this Edgbaston? Feels more like Karachi/Lahore! Look at the noise from the Pakistani fans. Amir has taken off on is aeroplane with a really broad smile, because he knows this actually wasn't a great delivery. It was that let-me-check-what-is-happening full ball well outside off stump, Guptill thought of making a statement early and went really hard on the drive, only managed to drag it back onto the sticks to trigger a massive roar wkt (1-5) min (5m). Guptill b Amir 5(4) [4s-1]
1.1
Amir to Williamson, no run, Amir bowls a similar delivery again, even wide, but Williamson won't throw his bat around like Guptill, left alone
1.2
Amir to Williamson, no run, oh beaten! It's got to be a really good ball to beat Williamson in this form. Terrific good length delivery from Amir, the scrambled seam ball, so it nips away off the deck and almost takes the outside edge
1.3
Amir to Williamson, 1 run, now solidly behind the line of this length delivery, also had soft hands on the handle to tap it towards cover-point
1.4
Amir to Munro, no run, yorker angling in at the base of off stump, Munro gets the toe-end of the bat
1.5
Amir to Munro, no run, short of length just around off stump, defended back to the bowler
1.6
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, oh uppish flick, Williamson plays it to mid-wicket
2.1
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, in the air, just wide of short leg. Yes, short leg in a big World Cup game. Brilliant plan! It's turning, so Sarfaraz/Hafeez has a man under the lid because batsmen have struggled to control the flick shot, KW escapes this time as it rolls to the right of the fielder
2.2
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, this is played off the back foot, carefully handled as well
2.3
Hafeez to Williamson, 1 run, gets a nice stride forward and flicks along the ground to deep square leg
2.4
Hafeez to Munro, 1 run, in the airrr and wide of the fielder at short extra-cover. This surface is already gripping. Munro went a little early on the lofted drive, luckily for him Pakistan had mid-off back at the fence
2.5
Hafeez to Williamson, no run, flighted delivery on the stumps, Williamson goes back and defends
2.6
Amir to Munro, 2 runs, slower ball, chipped in the air, clears the infield. Great thought from Amir to take pace off because the pitch is slow, almost had his man. Munro mistimed the flick over mid-wicket
3.1
Amir to Munro, FOUR, top shot that! Anything back of a length with pace is easier to bat, big gap between point and cover, so Munro camps back and punches the ball to the off-side boundary
3.2
Amir to Munro, FOUR, poor delivery. Short, wide, Munro won't miss out on those. Easy cut shot, hit really hard as well, backward point dives to his left but the timing was too good to beat him
3.3
Amir to Munro, no run, short of length delivery on the stumps, Munro defends off the back foot
3.4
Amir to Munro, no run, change of pace again, Munro taps the short of length delivery to point
3.5
Amir to Munro, no run, driven firmly off the front foot, but can't beat mid-off
