Plunkett,Morgan, Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,Roy,Stokes,Woakes, Moeen Ali,Root,Archer
Duminy,Amla,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,De Kock,Pretorius,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Lungi Ngidi
Commentary
Tahir to Roy, 1 run, pushes it through the air, flat length ball around off, Roy pushes an urgent single to mid-off. There's a ricochet off the direct-hit, but they settle for one
0.1
Tahir to Bairstow, out Caught by de Kock!! A golden duck for Bairstow as Tahir sets off on his celebratory lap. What a start to this World Cup. And what a move to start with the leggie, who gets a hint of turn from a good length which is enough to find the edge as Bairstow prods forward in defence. Smart catch from de Kock. Tahir is rolling away on this massive square at the Oval wkt (1-1) min (2m). Bairstow c de Kock b Tahir 0(1)
0.2
Tahir to Root, no run, slightly slower through the air on off stump, nice flight from Tahir, draws Root forward in defence
0.3
Tahir to Root, no run, varies the trajectory immediately, and deceives Root, who was playing back to a ball that he should've been forward to. It was pushed through quicker, which is what stunted his feet, and he gets an inside edge in defence
0.4
Tahir to Root, no run, picks the googly and knocks it back off the back foot
0.5
Tahir to Root, no run, tossed up at the stumps, probably another googly, turned to square leg
0.6
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, no run, short of length delivery around off, Roy awkwardly fends it towards backward point
1.1
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, 1 run, back of a length, kicks up on Roy who was arrogantly forward to it. Comes off a thick inside edge near the bat shoulder for a single down to fine leg
1.2
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, back of a length delivery just outside off, punched to cover
1.3
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, slants this one in at the stumps, the length right up, Root is tentatively forward as he pushes to mid-off
1.4
Lungi Ngidi to Root, FOUR, Root snips the ribbon on the boundary counter, planting his front foot right to the pitch of this half-volley as he creams it through extra cover
1.5
Lungi Ngidi to Root, 1 run, bit too straight from Ngidi, Root clips it to fine leg
1.6
Tahir to Root, 1 run, googly on middle, Root pushes down to long-on
2.1
Tahir to Roy, 1 run, what happened there? Umpire Dharmasena hurriedly looks to move away in vain as the ball deflects off Tahir's boot onto his backside. Interesting shot from Roy, unwilling to shed his aggression. Cleared that front leg of his to smash this flat ball down the pitch. Tahir stuck a foot out to save three
2.2
Tahir to Root, 1 run, eases this straight one down to long-on
2.3
Tahir to Roy, no run, makes room and cuts this from middle stump to point
2.4
Tahir to Roy, 1 run, sliding in on leg stump as Tahir drops it slightly short, Roy clips it through square leg
2.5
Tahir to Root, no run, oooh, would've been trouble had he missed. The length wasn't ideal for the sweep - it was pretty full - but Root is able to paddle it to short fine
2.6
Lungi Ngidi to Roy, 1 run, risky business from Roy, looking to drive on the up against someone of the stature of Ngidi. Extra bounce is always in the picture, which is what foils his cover-drive here, sending a thick edge down to third man
3.1
Lungi Ngidi to Root, no run, Root goes the same route as Roy, attempts a drive on the up and is beaten on the edge
3.2
