Hamid,Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Shinwari,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Mujeeb
Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Shaheen Afridi
Commentary
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, no run, in-drifter on a full length around off, Rahmat takes a forward stride and blocks it into the off side
0.1
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 1 run, another quicker delivery that drifts into the batsman, Rahmat squeezes it down to long-on and gets off the mark
0.2
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, darts this one around off, straighter line and it's been eased in front of cover by the Afghan skipper
0.3
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, 1 run, straighter line, on the pads and it's been clipped through mid-wicket by Gulbadin Naib
0.4
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 2 runs, tosses this one up, pitches it up though and Rahmat finds no trouble to flick it through mid-wicket for a couple of runs. The fielder in the deep was a touch square and that allowed them to come back for the second
0.5
Imad Wasim to Rahmat, 1 run, five runs in the over. Goes full again and Rahmat drills it down to long-on for a single to end the over. Looks a good wicket to bat on
0.6
Amir to Rahmat, no run, 131kph, swinging into the batsman on a fullish length, Rahmat squeezes it towards mid-wicket with a flick where it's been stopped with a dive
1.1
Amir to Rahmat, no run, angled across the batsman in the channel outside off, tad fuller as Rahmat decides to leave it
1.2
Amir to Rahmat, no run, 137kph, pitched up by Amir and Rahmat gets beaten on his off-drive. Again the hint of movement was the reason why the batsman failed to connect his shot
1.3
Amir to Rahmat, no run, on a length around off, Rahmat watches it carefully and defends it into the off side
1.4
Amir to Rahmat, no run, another length delivery in the channel outside off, keeps straight and Rahmat finds no trouble to ease it in front of point
1.5
Amir to Rahmat, no run, maiden to start off. Good lines and lengths by Amir in the first over. Back of a length around off, Rahmat blocks it comfortably, he's in no hurry
1.6
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, darted around off, straighter line and it's been pushed to extra cover by Gulbadin Naib
2.1
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, 99kph, skidding along the deck and it's been stonewalled again
2.2
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, flatter around off, drifting into the batsman at a slightly slower pace, Gulbadin Naib defends it
2.3
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, plays this one with his bat angled towards cover-point
2.4
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, no run, pitched on a full length by Imad and Gulbadin Naib drives it to mid-off from within the crease
2.5
Imad Wasim to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, such a beautifully timed shot that was. Also tells you how quick the outfield is. Just a gentle push off his front foot past the man at mid-off and the ball races away to the fence in no time. First boundary of the match
2.6
Amir to Rahmat, FOUR, back-to-back boundaries for Afghanistan. An overpitched delivery by Amir and Rahmat caresses it through extra-cover with impeccable timing, Hafeez was chasing it from mid-off and he comes second in the race, he had too
3.1
Amir to Rahmat, no run, on a length around off, Rahmat push-drives it back to Amir
3.2
Amir to Rahmat, no run, pitched across the batsman in the channel outside off, tad fuller and the batsman decides to shoulder arms
3.3
Amir to Rahmat, FOUR, it's hardly taken any time for the Afghanistan batsmen to get used to this pitch. All of a sudden there's a flurry of boundaries. Rahmat gets hold of the short ball and pulls it over deep mid-wicket for another boundary
3.4
Amir to Rahmat, no run, rock solid in his front foot defence as he finds the man at point
3.5
Amir to Rahmat, no run, transfers his weight on to the back foot and pats the back of a length delivery in front of point. After bowling a maiden, Amir gives away a couple of fours in his second over
3.6
Shaheen Afridi to Gulbadin Naib, FOUR, welcome into the attack Mr. Afridi! A widish delivery in the channel outside off and Gulbadin Naib plays an expansive drive past the fielder at mid-off. Lovely shot by the Afghan skipper, that
4.1
