Malinga,Mathews,Pradeep,Udana,Perera,Avishka Fernando,J Mendis,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
Mark Wood,Morgan,Adil Rashid,Buttler,Bairstow,James Vince,Stokes,Woakes,Moeen Ali,Root,Jofra Archer
Commnetary
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, stifled appeal! England thought there was an inside edge there but that came purely off the thigh pad. Some inward shape for Woakes to begin with and Karunaratne was caught on the crease as he tried to defend. Whizzed through to Buttler
0.1
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, fuller this time, Karunaratne leans forward and blocks firmly to cover
0.2
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, quite full again, straighter lines and Karunaratne gets a soft leading edge towards cover
0.3
Woakes to Karunaratne, 1 run, nips in a bit from middle and leg, Karunaratne nudges it softly towards mid-wicket for a quick single. Sri Lanka are away
0.4
Woakes to Kusal Perera, 1 run, shortish in length this time outside off, Perera tucks it in front of square leg to get off the mark
0.5
Woakes to Karunaratne, no run, floats it fuller this time to induce the drive, hint of inward movement as Karunaratne confidently shoulders arms
0.6
Jofra Archer to Kusal Perera, no run, starts with a good length delivery on fourth stump line, probing start from Archer as he gets this to move away a fraction. Perera did well to leave this alone
1.1
Jofra Archer to Kusal Perera, no run, hits the bat hard from a good length as Perera tries to defend
1.2
Jofra Archer to Kusal Perera, 1 run, sharp work from mid-wicket with the rifle throw at the keeper's end but Karunaratne gets back quite easily. Was a good call from Perera to begin with, nudged it towards the leg-side and promptly called his skipper across. Karunaratne was a bit slow to take off but charged through as his opposite number hit the bulls-eye
1.3
Jofra Archer to Karunaratne, no run, shortish and good bounce on this one, defended off the back foot on the leg-side
1.4
Jofra Archer to Karunaratne, no run, banged in shorter this time, leg stumpish and Karunaratne ducks under. Not much pace on this pitch if the early signs are anything to go by. SL will be glad if it stays this way
1.5
Jofra Archer to Karunaratne, out Caught by Buttler!! Edged and taken! This is a massive wicket, considering the kind of glue Karunaratne is to this fragile Sri Lankan batting line-up. Archer continues to deliver for England, this was the away-dipper from a good length, moved late as Karunaratne pushed tentatively at it. Only manages a thick edge that's comfortably pouched by Buttler wkt (1-3) min (9m). Karunaratne c Buttler b Jofra Archer 1(8)
1.6
Woakes to Kusal Perera, no run, struck on the pad but it's pitched outside leg and the impact is high as well. Woakes got this to straighten after pitching and Perera was stuck in his crease as he looked to play across the line
2.1
Woakes to Kusal Perera, out Caught by Moeen Ali!! Shocker of a shot from Perera and Sri Lanka have been dented early. There was width on offer, guaranteed, but he just went for a flashy cut. It's the style that he plays with but having lost his skipper just a few deliveries ago, Perera could have shown more restraint. Especially as the openers have been the only form batsmen for SL in this World Cup. Instead, Perera goes for the risky slice and finds Moeen at third man perfectly wkt (2-3) min (12m). Kusal Perera c Moeen Ali b Woakes 2(6)
2.2
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, short of a good length outside off, Fernando hangs back and defends to point
2.3
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, no run, quite full and outside off, jammed out towards the mid-off fielder
2.4
Woakes to Avishka Fernando, 1 run, shortish and wide outside off, steered with an open face down to third man
2.5
Woakes to Kusal Mendis, no run, pitched right up around off stump, Mendis defends solidly off the front foot
2.6
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, back of a length, Fernando sits back and pats it to point
3.1
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, loose from Fernando! This shapes away from a good length and bounces a bit as well. He just went for a lazy waft that was an outrageous choice of stroke to be honest. Lucky not to nick it
3.2
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, he's getting it to move both ways! The speeds haven't been as high as Archer usually clocks but he is getting them in the right areas. This jags back from a shortish length as Fernando offers no shot. Cuts back in and goes well over the off stump
3.3
Jofra Archer to Avishka Fernando, no run, fourth stump line once more, this straightens a bit after pitching, another leave
3.4
