Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell, Mitchell Starc, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Rubel Hossain,Soumya Sarkar,Sabbir Rahman,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Liton Das
Commentary
Mortaza to Warner, no run, starts off with a short ball from round the wicket, Warner rides the bounce and taps the ball in front of point
0.1
Mortaza to Warner, no run, pitches this one a tad fuller, not quite a full length delivery but on a length, speared into the batsman who blocks it off his front foot
0.2
Mortaza to Warner, no run, 'wait on' is the call from Warner as he punches the short of a length delivery towards the fielder at cover, played it well but couldn't really find a gap
0.3
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, Warner is off the the mark but not in a convicing manner. A cross-seam length delivery from round the wicket and Warner gets an inside edge towards the on side. He was trying to play a back foot punch but the ball shaped back in and caught the inside edge. Could have possible deflected back on the stumps but Warner's lucky, at least in the first over
0.4
Mortaza to Finch, FOUR, Finch opens his account with a boundary. A gentle length ball by Mortaza and the skipper clips it through square leg. Impeccable timing to notch up the first four of the morning
0.5
Mortaza to Finch, no run, fine stop at covers. Finch crunches his drive against this full ball but it's been stopped nicely by Shakib inside the ring
0.6
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, 131kph, hint of outswing on this fullish delivery, Warner watches it carefully and lets it through to the keeper
1.1
Mustafizur to Warner, FOUR, there have been two boundaries in this innings so far and both have been all about timing. Not much power behind the shot. Was a short of a length ball by Mustafizur and the southpaw punches it off his back foot, through the gap at cover-point as the lightning quick outfield fetches him his first boundary
1.2
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, in the channel outside off, shaping away from the batsman and Warner decides to leave it once again
1.3
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, back of a length and seaming away, Warner gets high and knocks it to the man at cover
1.4
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, 137kph, angled into the batsman around middle and leg, Warner tries to work it through the on side but gets beaten due to the angle. Struck on the pads but it clearly sliding down the leg side. A rather optimistic appeal by Mustafizur
1.5
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, that ball deserved a boundary but the field placement was good on that occasion. Short and wide outside off, Warner throws his hands at it with a punch but finds the man stationed at cover
1.6
Mortaza to Finch, no run, on a length around off, Finch keeps his head steady and punches it back to Mortaza. Good stop by the skipper who gets low in his followthrough to save a certain boundary
2.1
Mortaza to Finch, no run, back of a length around off and it's been crunched back to the bowler by Finch
2.2
Mortaza to Finch, 1 run, a lot slower by Mortaza, length ball around middle and leg, Finch nudges it with soft hands in front of mid-on and takes an easy single
2.3
Mortaza to Warner, no run, Warner looking to take on the bowlers now. His last two shots certainly are a proof of it. Back of a length ball around off and the left hander looks to hack across the line. The timing wasn't good enough to get this one past mid-wicket. Even the batsman knew he didn't middle the ball as he shadow practices his shot soonafter
2.4
Mortaza to Warner, 1 run, nudges the length delivery towards mid-wicket for a single
2.5
Mortaza to Finch, leg byes, 1 run, back of a length around middle and leg, Finch tries to glance it away but the ball clips his pads and rolls into the leg side, leg bye taken by the pair
2.6
Mustafizur to Finch, no run, better delivery by the Fizz. Pitches this one on a full length at 139ks, in the channel outside off and it's been left alone by Finch
3.1
Mustafizur to Finch, wide, short one sliding down the leg side, 137ks and Finch is disappointed as he fails to lay bat on his glance
3.2
Mustafizur to Finch, 1 run, straying in line, on the pads and it's been clipped down to fine leg by Finchy, easy pickings
3.2
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, 136kph, tad fuller around off and Warner square drives it to the fielder at point
3.3
Mustafizur to Warner, no run, dishes in a length ball around middle and leg, 139kph, Warner is quick to bring his bat down and nudge it into the leg side
3.4
