Duminy,Amla,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,De Kock, Tabraiz Shamsi,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Tabraiz Shamsi
Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shikhar Dhawan,Bhuvneshwar Kumar,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
Commentary
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, 1 run, swinging in early, pitching on a back of a length, Amla gets back and across and steers it late down towards third man for a single. A bit of swing into the right-hander. How long will this last?
0.1
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, no run, back of a length once again, no movement, on middle, De Kock hops and tucks it in front of square leg
0.2
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, no run, pitches it fuller, a hint of movement in, De Kock's eyes lit up as he saw one on the pads but was late on the flick as it strikes his pads. Outside leg though, and not much of an appeal...
0.3
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, 1 run, pitched fuller, De Kock gets forward and taps it to mid-off - takes off for a quick single to mid-off. A bit of hesitation and De Kock doesn't want to be part of another run-out
0.4
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, short of length delivery in the channel outside off, not a lot of movement in the air, just a little off the pitch, and Amla shoulders arms
0.5
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, a hint of movement into the batsman in the air, Amla gets forward, and defends the fuller one. He's hitting some nice lengths after the first two deliveries...
0.6
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, banged in on a short of length @137km/h, De Kock gets tall on his toes and tries to cut - no width - and he chops it off the under-edge into his boot
1.1
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, hits the deck hard, a little too wide outside off from a tad wide of the crease - De Kock leaves it alone. Almost an off-side wide.
1.2
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, hits a back of a length and angles it away @134km/h, looked much faster, as hint of away movement off the wicket and De Kock is beaten on the backfoot defensive
1.3
Bumrah to De Kock, 2 runs, very full delivery on the boots, whipped away to fine leg, De Kock is late on the second one, a throw by Jadhav from the boundary to Dhoni and he in turn has a throw at the stumps at the striker's end - misses! QdK was gone! Not even the dive could have saved him. Almost run-out for the second time in two games!
1.4
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, back of a length delivery @138km/h, De Kock is beaten well and truly on the outside edge trying the backfoot defence
1.5
Bumrah to De Kock, no run, almost a replica of the previous ball, @138km/h, De Kock gets on the backfoot and tries to play it late - even that doesn't help, and he is beaten comprehensively on the outside edge
1.6
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, FOUR, a good length delivery outside off, Amla gets half-forward and opens the face, transfers his weight onto that square drive behind point for four. Elegance personified!
2.1
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, back of a length delivery on middle and off, straightens off the seam, Amla gets back and across to defend it late
2.2
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, 1 run, back of a length skidder without a lot of width outside off, Amla tries getting low and cutting it away, chops it off the under-edge towards third man for a single
2.3
Bhuvneshwar to De Kock, 1 run, angled away from a short of length, angling away but holding its line a little, De Kock gets on his toes and tries driving, gets a thick inside edge behind square leg for a quick single
2.4
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, seaming back in from a short of length, tight line, Amla gets on the backfoot and punches it late towards cover
2.5
Bhuvneshwar to Amla, no run, no movement of note from a good length, in the channel outside off, Amla shuffles across, gets his leading eye on off-stump, leaves it alone watchfully
2.6
Bumrah to De Kock, Byes, 1 run, @137km/h, takes off from a short of length, seaming away, gets big on De Kock's attempted cut even on the fly - beaten on the top-edge, and that's too much fire for Dhoni's ice as it bounces off his glove towards third man for a bye
3.1
Bumrah to Amla, out Caught by Rohit! First blood for India in the World Cup, and it's the big wicket! Amla departs! Angles it in from the corridor of uncertainty @140km/h, gets it to straighten off the seam just enough, and despite the shuffle, gets a thick outside edge off the hop - and that has carried to Rohit Sharma at second slip. He holds on to a commendable low catch and that's the first wicket for India in the World Cup wkt (1-16) min (11m). Amla c Rohit b Bumrah 6(9) [4s-1]
3.2
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, FOUR, misses the leg-stump! Almost plays on to the stumps! A fuller one @144km/h, surprising Fafdu Plessis, and he leans into the drive a little late - gets a thick inside edge to fine leg for four
3.3
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, good length delivery skidding through on the stumps, Fafdu Plessis is caught on the crease and defends it late onto his boots. Clearly hurried.
3.4
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, @142km/h, pumping up the pace, scrambled-seam delivery seaming in from a back of a length, Fafdu Plessis stays in the crease, plays with soft hands and gets it off the outside edge - falls short of the cordon
3.5
Bumrah to Fafdu Plessis, no run, back of a length delivery angling into the stumps, Fafdu Plessis finally gets used to the pace, gets quickly onto the backfoot and deadbats
3.6
