Finch,Warner,Smith,Handscomb,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
Liam Plunkett,Morgan,Adil Rashid, Jos Buttler (wk),Bairstow,Roy,Ben Stokes, Chris Woakes,Root, Mark Wood, Jofra Archer
Commentary
Woakes to Warner, FOUR, beautifully played, superb start from Warner, fuller length delivery and well wide of off, a real half-volley, Warner reaches out and finds the gap wide of cover, no need to run for those. A real confidence booster for Warner first-up
0.1
Woakes to Warner, no run, Woakes shortens his length and gets it to hold its line outside off, Warner covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.2
Woakes to Warner, no run, fraction fuller and a hint of shape back into the left-hander, Warner leans forward on the drive, gets an inside edge towards mid-on
0.3
Woakes to Warner, no run, back of a length and in that channel outside off, Warner gets behind the line and defends it towards backward point
0.4
Woakes to Warner, no run, much better from Woakes, on a good length and slanting across the left-hander, Warner covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go
0.5
Woakes to Warner, no run, on a good length and in that channel around off, the angle opens up Warner as he defended - played with soft hands and squirts it to the off-side
0.6
Jofra Archer to Finch, out Lbw!! Loud shout for LBW and Finch has been given OUT. He wants a review, there were two sounds, was it bat-pad or was it pad-bat? It's a fair delivery and think it's straight off Finch's pad - this looks plumb? Can't see it any other way. Ball tracking on and it's three REDS, Finch is OUT. What a start from Archer! This was pitched up and nipped back in from a length, Finch was prodding forward in defence, couldn't cover for the movement, the bat came at an angle and he got caught up on the move - struck bang in front of middle and replays showed that it was crashing into the top of middle. Finch falls for a duck and Australia lose their review as well wkt (1-4) min (6m). Finch lbw b Jofra Archer 0(1)
1.1
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, Archer greets Smith with a sharp bouncer, he's started really well, Smith ducks under it and lets it go
1.2
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, Archer shortens his length outside off, Smith was half-forward on the drive, gets an inside edge towards mid-wicket
1.3
Jofra Archer to Smith, 1 run, Smith is away with a quick single, short of a good length and just outside off, he prods across and nudges it in front of mid-on, calls his partner across for a quick single
1.4
Jofra Archer to Warner, 1 run, too short and too straight from Archer, Warner gets inside the line and clips it to long leg for a single
1.5
Jofra Archer to Smith, no run, fraction fuller and on off, Smith prods across and pushes it to mid-on
1.6
Woakes to Warner, no run, short of a length and at the stumps, Warner hops across and defends it to the on-side
2.1
Woakes to Warner, no run, back of a length and around the off-stump line, Warner gets behind the line and defends it back at the bowler
2.2
Woakes to Warner, FOUR, lovely, can Warner lead the counter-punch for Australia? He has started very positively today, length ball on off, he leans forward, high elbow and lifts it back over the bowler's head, once bounce and over the ropes
2.3
Woakes to Warner, out Caught by Bairstow!! This is a sensational start from Woakes and England - another massive wicket and Australia have been hurt early. Massive lift from a length, Warner was hopping desperately as he looked to ride the bounce - but like Rahul yesterday, this was a ball he could have left. Once again caught in two minds, makes a late call to let it go by - too late, the ball catches the shoulder of the bat and flies towards first slip. A good overhead catch from Bairstow and the dangerous Warner has to depart. Superb stuff this from England - they are negating Australia's toss factor with some quick blows wkt (2-10) min (14m). Warner c Bairstow b Woakes 9(11) [4s-2]
2.4
Woakes to Handscomb, no run, loud loud shout for LBW, but Erasmus says NO. England will review. It's a fair delivery and it has struck Handscomb above the knee-roll, right on the flap of the pad and Ball-tracking returns it as 'umpire's call' on hitting the stumps. England will not lose their review. This is quite a start from England, the in-swinger from Woakes, pitched up and swung back into the right-hander, Handscomb was half-forward on his first WC delivery as he pushed forward, beaten on the inside edge and struck high on the pads - just high enough for him to survive and make Erasmus think it was going over, hitting the leg bail
2.5
Woakes to Handscomb, 1 run, Handscomb will feel relieved, fuller length delivery and shaping away late, he drove it towards cover and Morgan fumbles on the stop at cover
2.6
Jofra Archer to Handscomb, 1 run, on a good length and angling into Handscomb's pads, worked behind square on the on-side for a single
3.1
