Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Avishka Fernando,J Mendis,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
Jean-Paul Duminy,Amla, Imran Tahir,Fafdu Plessis, Chris Morris,De Kock, Dwaine Pretorius, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram, Kagiso Rabada, Andile Phehlukwayo
Commentary
Rabada to Karunaratne, out Caught by Du Plessis!! What an absolute corker from Rabada. This one shot up from back of a length @ 137ks and kept fizzing towards Karunaratne's body who got into a tangle trying to fend that on the hop (clearly didn't expect the ball to do so much), it clonks the glove and lobs straight to Faf at second slip. Back-to-back failures for the Sri Lankan skipper wkt (1-0) min (3m). Karunaratne c Du Plessis b Rabada 0(1)
0.1
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, width on offer but Avishka Fernando doesn't take the bait, plays a half-hearted defence into the off-side
0.2
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, 3 runs, and that's more like it! Gets on his toes, opens the bat face and punches the length delivery in the gap square on the off-side. Off the mark with a three...
0.3
Rabada to Kusal Perera, wide, short and far down the leg-side, Kusal Perera doesn't bother with it
0.4
Rabada to Kusal Perera, no run, full and angling across outside off, Kusal Perera shuffles past his off-stump to blunt it down the pitch
0.4
Rabada to Kusal Perera, 2 runs, 134ks inswinger at off-stump, Kusal Perera lets the ball dart in and plays with a closed bat face to tuck it through square leg
0.5
Rabada to Kusal Perera, no run, short of length outside off, 135ks, Kusal Perera gets across and drops the ball dead on the leg-side
0.6
Chris Morris to Avishka Fernando, no run, 130ks swinging away outside off, a loose waft from Avishka Fernando and obviously no feet involved
1.1
Chris Morris to Avishka Fernando, 3 runs, gets it full on the pads at 135ks and this time Avishka Fernando approaches it with ease, lets the ball dip and flicks it off his pads through mid-wicket
1.2
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, 133ks away swinger outside off, Kusal Perera throws the kitchen sink and sends a bottom edge through to the keeper
1.3
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, wide, asd34ks shaping away down the leg-side, past Kusal Perera's attempted flick
1.4
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, 132ks tries to lure the batsman into a drive outside off, nothing doing from Kusal Perera
1.4
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, FOUR, signature Kusal Perera! Picks the length early, stands tall on his back foot and thrashes the short and wide gimme through covers
1.5
Chris Morris to Kusal Perera, no run, ah, the edge-flirter! Darts it around the fifth stump channel and gets it to nibble away late to beat the hanging blade of Kusal Perera
1.6
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, 2 runs, 138ks sticks on the pitch outside off on back of a length, Avishka Fernando gets on his toes and checks his punchy drive wide of extra cover
2.1
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, full pitcher at 137ks in the outside off channel, Avishka Fernando seeks to drive on the up and is beaten all ends up
2.2
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, FOUR, imperious timing! Gets on top of a good length delivery and punches crisply in the gap between backward point and cover. No-one's stopping that...
2.3
Rabada to Avishka Fernando, no run, brings it back from wide of the crease, Avishka Fernando responds with a straight bat
2.4
