Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Behrendorff,Pat Cummins,Stoinis,Carey,Lyon
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Henry Nicholls,Boult,Latham,Neesham,Santner,Ferguson,Ish Sodhi
Commnetary
Boult to Warner, no run, outswinger on a fuller length, nice seam presentation as it lands. Warner casually comes forward and defends it
0.1
Boult to Warner, no run, immaculate line from Boult. Good length swinging away in the channel outside off, Warner is cautious and watches it all along before lifting his bat
0.2
Boult to Warner, no run, goes wider of off, Warner reaches out and drives it straight to extra cover
0.3
Boult to Warner, no run, 137kph, pitches it fuller around off. Warner with a diffident forward press to bunt it out
0.4
Boult to Warner, no run, oh, this one straightens after pitching and squares up Warner a bit as his head was falling away, meaning he was closing the bat face in order to tuck it to the leg-side. Gets opened up and it trims the outer half, dipping towards point
0.5
Boult to Warner, no run, induces the outside edge, the third slip was waiting but it dies in front of him. Brisk away-swinger, curls away later and Warner nearly took the bait. Luckily, pushes it with soft hands and the edge bounces in front of the fielder
0.6
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, fullish on off-stump, Finch plunges forward and shows his straight bat
1.1
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, shorter in length outside off, Finch punches it to cover
1.2
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, dropped by Guptill. It was a sharp chance but Guptill can't grab it. Early lifeline for Finch but it wasn't easy by any means. But if there was one fielder in the New Zealand unit who could've pouched it, it was Guptill. Anyway, it was the sucker ball outside off and Finch couldn't control his instincts. Driving it airly to the right of short extra cover where the opener flew to his right and sticks his right hand. It strikes his wrists and bobbles away
1.3
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, in-angler, cutting Finch for room. Pushed gently to extra cover
1.4
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, very full outside off, Finch drills it straight to mid-off
1.5
de Grandhomme to Finch, no run, slightly full but this one rears up to surprise Finch, who yanks his bottom hand off the handle after defending it high on the bat. Two maidens on the trott, what a start this by New Zealand
1.6
Boult to Warner, 1 run, first runs for Australia. First runs for Warner and it has taken him 7 balls to get off the mark. Tells you the kind of discipline both the new ball bowlers have shown here for New Zealand. It was the inswinger on leg-stump, Warner tucks it towards square leg and opens his account
2.1
Boult to Finch, no run, moving away just outside off, Finch raises his bat
2.2
Boult to Finch, 2 runs, fierce bottom-hand whip from Finch, mercilessly flicking it away through mid-wicket and comes back for the second
2.3
Boult to Finch, no run, pitched up, testing line and Finch blocks it
2.4
Boult to Finch, 1 run, tailing away outside off, Finch uses the pace and dinks it to third man
2.5
Boult to Warner, FOUR, that's a loosener from Boult. First bad ball and Warner duly dispatches it from his presence. Getting across towards off-stump and whacking it past mid-wicket
2.6
de Grandhomme to Finch, 1 run, swerving away outside off, Finch extends his hands and throws his bat to carve it over point. Third man is square, so just a single
3.1
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, length, sliding on leg and Warner misses the nudge and wears it on the thigh pad
3.2
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, overpitched delivery from Grandhomme, Warner dealt with alacrity and creams it sweetly but extra cover intervenes
3.3
de Grandhomme to Warner, 1 run, good length, accurate at the stumps. Warner nurdles it softly to square leg
3.4
de Grandhomme to Finch, leg byes, 1 run, spearing on leg-stump, Finch was moving across and fails to connect the glance. Struck high on the pad and it drops in front of square leg
3.5
de Grandhomme to Warner, no run, fullish outside off, Warner leans into the drive and finds mid-off
3.6
Boult to Finch, no run, fuller length, nipping closer to off. Finch defends it off the middle to cover
