Hamid,Mohammad Nabi,Ikram Alikhil,Alam,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Hazratullah Zazai,Noor Ali
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Ferguson
Commentary
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, starts with a back of a length delivery and there is no movement whatsoever, goes gun-barrel straight and Zazai stands tall to drop it down the wicket
0.1
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, once more tad short and allowing Zazai to adjust on the back foot as he bunts it back
0.2
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, Zazai and Afghanistan are away. Short and down leg, Zazai swivels and just helps it along the way, it was a mere tap on the head and the ball raced away to fine leg
0.3
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, edged and four. That is more the line and length to bowl to Zazai. On a length and angled across the left hander, the ball seams away a touch as well, Zazai goes half-hearted on his waft and the outside edge flies over a leaping Taylor at first slip
0.4
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, FOUR, hat-trick of boundaries. This is the best of the lot. Stand and deliver stuff. Picked the back of a length delivery from outside off and pummeled it past mid-wicket. All power!
0.5
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, good length ball slanting across the southpaw, Zazai feels for the ball with feet stuck in cement and is beaten on the outside edge. That is the line to bowl - outside off
0.6
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, fuller and outside off, Noor Ali lifts his bat and lets it go
1.1
Boult to Noor Ali, 1 run, Noor Ali was in a dilemma whether to leave or play the good length delivery outside off, he was late in lifting his bat and the ball takes the toe-end before running past Guptill at second slip
1.2
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, strays on the pads, Zazai glances it away to fine leg where CdG cleans up
1.3
Boult to Noor Ali, 2 runs, full and had Noor Ali in all sorts of tangle, the batsman was opened up and the ball squirted off the outer half past point, Santner gives chase and keeps it down to a brace
1.4
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, back of a length on leg-stump, Noor Ali is right behind the line to defend
1.5
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, fullish and around off, Noor Ali walks into a forward push to mid-off
1.6
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, short of length outside off, Zazai rides the bounce and pats it to cover
2.1
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, 1 run, anything around off-stump and Zazai is going to go leg-side, he heaves this length delivery on the bounce to deep square leg. Lucky that he didn't get it off the middle
2.2
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, nips back in from a short of length and catches Noor Ali to the crease, beaten on the inside edge and struck high on the thigh pad
2.3
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, no run, similar kind of delivery to the previous one and this time Noor Ali gets an inside edge, the feet are not moving and hence he's finding it hard to find the middle
2.4
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, 1 run, back of a length just outside off, dabbed behind point and they steal a quick single
2.5
Matt Henry to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, pitches it up around off, Zazai prods forward and defends solidly
2.6
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, good length ball on off, Noor Ali is opened up as he stabs it in front of point
3.1
Boult to Noor Ali, no run, very full and close to yorker length outside off, Noor Ali is not able to squeeze it out
3.2
Boult to Noor Ali, 1 run, on a length around off, Noor Ali plays it close to his body and runs it down to third man
3.3
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, short of length close to off, Zazai stands upright to knock it to cover
3.4
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, half hearted appeal for LBW. Umpire Gough is not convinced. There was a big inside edge. The ball tails in from a fullish length and Zazai just manages to bring his bat down to jam it onto the pad
3.5
Boult to Hazratullah Zazai, no run, swing and miss. That is what you get with Zazai. He sees the length delivery just outside off and goes for the big loft through the line, the ball straightens a touch to beat the swinging blade
3.6
Matt Henry to Noor Ali, FOUR, top shot! All class from Noor Ali. He gets an overpitched delivery and he ensures it is put away. A nice clean flow of the bat and he creams the drive past Henry, there was no stopping that
4.1
