Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Shankar,Mohammad Shami,Kedar Jadhav,Yuzvendra Chahal,Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul,Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
Asghar Afghan,Mohammad Nabi,Aftab Alam,Gulbadin Naib,Shahidi,Najibullah,Rahmat,Rashid Khan,Ikram Ali,Hazratullah Zazai,Mujeeb
Commentary
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, no run, gentle delivery on off, Kl Rahul pushes it to the off-side
0.1
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this one spins back into Kl Rahul who decides to be on the back foot. He punches it down the ground for a single and gets off the mark. India are off the mark too
0.2
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and attacking the stumps, Rohit Sharma in his typical lazy fashion comes forward and defends it to the off-side
0.3
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, this one spun back in sharply, Rohit Sharma goes on the back foot and pushes it to the off-side. He is away too
0.4
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, fuller and on the stumps, Kl Rahul takes a semi-stride forward and pushes it wide of cover. There was bit of hesitation regarding taking the single as Rohit Sharma wanted to be sure that ball clears the cover fielder. It does and they complete the single easily in the end
0.5
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, Rohit Sharma was looking to work it to the on-side, he was beaten by the turn there. And ends up playing down the wrong line. The outside half of the bat takes it to the off-side
0.6
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, on a length and around off, Kl Rahul stays put and blocks it to the off-side
1.1
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, on a back of a length and wide of off, Kl Rahul hops in the crease to adjust with the line of the ball and punches it to cover. They thought of taking the single but decides against it
1.2
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, 2 runs, another delivery on a back of a length, Kl Rahul stands tall and punches it wide of cover. It beats the man and they will come back for a brace
1.3
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, decides to stay in the crease on that back of a length delivery and places the punch shot staright to cover
1.4
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, this one was much fuller and it was targeting the stumps, Kl Rahul plants his front foot forward and pushes it to the off-side
1.5
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, 1 run, this one nipped back in off the deck. Kl Rahul was not in the best of position initially but he adjusted well and tucks it wide of mid-on. He will retain the strike
1.6
Mujeeb to Kl Rahul, 1 run, Kl Rahul gets overambitious on this delivery, he backed away and wanted to loft it over cover. It came slowly off the deck hence the timing on the shot was poor. It came off the inside half of the bat and ends up just wide of mid-wicket fielder
2.1
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, blocks it to the off-side
2.2
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and wider, Rohit Sharma comes on the front foot and drives it straight to cover
2.3
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, slower and wider, Rohit Sharma defends it back to Mujeeb
2.4
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, it was wide of off and Rohit Sharma works it to mid-wicket
2.5
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and on the stumps, Rohit Sharma stays put in the crease and blocks it back. Tidy over from Mujeeb!
2.6
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, on a good length and on the stumps, Kl Rahul waits for it to arrive and defends it back in a gentle fashion
3.1
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, this one nipped back in from a back of a length, Kl Rahul hops a touch, gets in line and punches it to the off-side. The fielder at point dives and stops it from going further
3.2
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, another delivery on that back of a length, it shaped back in a touch. Kl Rahul adjusted that well and defended it to the off-side
3.3
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, the length was same but the line was targeting the stumps, Kl Rahul uses soft hands to deal with it and defends it to the off-side
3.4
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller and wider, Kl Rahul saw the fuller length for the first time and he went for the drive. It nips back in just a touch and due to that Kl Rahul played it down the wrong line. He inside edged it back onto his pads and it deflected to the off-side
3.5
Aftab Alam to Kl Rahul, no run, pushes it back in the direction of the bowler
3.6
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, no run, drives it to cover
4.1
Mujeeb to Rohit Sharma, out Bowled!! Oh dear! Oh dear! Well, they say cricket is a funny game and it has been proved right there. Rohit Sharma was in prime form and one would have expected him to notch up another big score but Mujeeb had other ideas. It was a carrom ball and it spun away from Rohit Sharma ever-so-slightly, who was totally outfoxed by the late spin, his foot movement was lazy and he failed to cover the spin, it beats his defence and crashes into his off-stump wkt (1-7) min (60m). Enter: Virat Kohli! Rohit Sharma b Mujeeb 1(10)
4.2
Mujeeb to Virat Kohli, 1 run, goes on the back foot and clips it to square leg. He is away
