Hafeez,Sarfaraz,Riaz,Mohammad Amir, Shaheen Afridi,Haris Sohail,Babar Azam,Imam,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Imad Wasim
Amla,Miller,Tahir,Fafdu Plessis,Chris Morris,De Kock,Vander Dussen,Markram,Rabada,Phehlukwayo,Lungi Ngidi
Commentary
Rabada to Imam, 1 run, short ball aimed at the hips, Imam hops a touch and tucks it through the leg side to get off the mark, Pakistan are underway.
0.1
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, on a length around middle, straightening off the deck and it's been deflected towards point by Fakhar Zaman
0.2
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, Zaman is off the mark in style. A shortish delivery in the channel outside off, width on offer and it's been slammed through the huge gap at covers, nicely played by the left hander
0.3
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length around off, Fakhar Zaman stays put and defends it stylishly, back to KG
0.4
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short of a length around off, extra carry on this one as Zaman rides the bounce and eases it in front of cover
0.5
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, spears in a length ball from over the wicket, cramps the batsman up for room and Fakhar gets hit on his pads as he tries to work across-the-line. Decent start by Rabada, barring that boundary ball
0.6
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, back of a length around off, Imam knocks it in front of mid-off
1.1
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, skiddy back of a length delivery around off, Imam hangs back in his crease and plays it with soft hands, blocked
1.2
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, in the channel outside off, good length delivery with good carry, kicks off the surface and settles into the keeper's mitts
1.3
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, 3 runs, pitched on a full length by Lungi Ngidi, Imam leans ahead and times his cover-drive through the gap at covers. Not much power behind that shot, hence the batsmen will have to settle for three as it slows down cosiderably near the boundary
1.4
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, straight lines and it's been nudged into the leg side by Fakhar Zaman
1.5
Lungi Ngidi to Fakhar Zaman, 1 run, angled across the batsman on a slightly full length, but the ball doesn't come on nicely and Fakhar mistimes his off-drive. Just a single to end the over as mid-off swiftly moves across to his right and stops it
1.6
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, denied any room again, back of a length around off, Fakhar looks to work this one into the leg side but ends up getting an inside edge on to the pads
2.1
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, Fakhar shows no respect to Rabada. Though it was bowled at 140kph, it's been put away to the fence. The left hander reads the length early and swivel-pulls it to the deep mid-wicket fence, has looked in good touch
2.2
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, quicker delivery around off, skidding along the deck on a short length, Fakhar Zaman tries to work it into the leg side but ends up getting an inside edge on to his pads once again
2.3
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, short ball outside off, Fakhar Zaman rides the bounce and punches it to covers
2.4
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, FOUR, that's the only one way he knows to play. Short ball again and it's been pulled over deep square leg by Fakhar. There was a fielder in the deep but this was placed far away from him, Ngidi was the man, I guess
2.5
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, tad fuller by KG and it's been eased in front of mid-off by Fakhar with a mistimed push
2.6
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, FOUR, crisp square drive! Pitched on a full length, Imam keeps his eyes on the ball and squeezes it through point for another sublime boundary. Runs are flowing from both ends, both KG and Ngidi at the receiving end. One of the best starts for Pakistan in this tournament
3.1
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, FOUR, another impeccable drive! Everything perfect about that shot. Steady head, timing and style. On to his front foot as he caresses his drive through the gap at covers, poses for the camera too
3.2
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, short in length around off, hint of extra carry from round the wicket, Imam reads the length early, camps back and stonewalls it
3.3
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, bowling well from round the wicket, much better as compared to over-the-wicket. This was landed around a good length area and had nice carry, Imam shoulders arms
3.4
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, no run, slightly full as compared to the last ball, Imam leaves it once again
3.5
Lungi Ngidi to Imam, FOUR, make it three boundaries in the over. Pitched up by Ngidi, Imam transfers his weight onto the front foot and drills it through cover-point once again. Couldn't have been a better start for Pakistan
3.6
Rabada to Fakhar Zaman, no run, back of a length around middle and leg, Fakhar Zaman defends it into the leg side
