Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Bhuvneshwar Kumar ,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya
Shoaib Malik,Hafeez,Sarfaraz, Wahab Riaz,Mohammad Amir,Babar Azam,Imam,Imad Wasim,Fakhar Zaman,Shadab Khan,Hasan Ali
Commentary
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, right on the money is Amir. He lands it on a good length and keeps it in the channel around off-stump, not much movement off the surface, Kl Rahul is right behind the line to defend it in front of point
0.1
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, once more keeps it in the same region - around the fourth stump line from a good length, Kl Rahul prods slightly forward and keeps his bat close to his body as he blocks it into the off-side
0.2
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, 139kph from Amir. He goes searching for some swing with a full delivery, but it is a tad too full and Kl Rahul is able to present a straight bat as he knocks it to mid-on
0.3
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, angled away from the right hander, Kl Rahul spots the line outside off and shoulders arms
0.4
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, back of a length and slanted outside off, Kl Rahul covers the line, lifts his bat and lets it go. He has pushed a couple of deliveries away from Kl Rahul, will he bring this one back in?
0.5
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, nope! Prefers to keep the left-armer's angle going and spears the good length delivery outside off, Kl Rahul has no problems with that line and is even happy to play out the maiden as he lets it pass
0.6
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller delivery and even he does not get any movement from the surface, goes gun-barrel straight outside off, Rohit Sharma prods forward and pushes it firmly to mid-off
1.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, this one decks in ever so slightly. Rohit Sharma does not account for it, he does not come fully forward as he attempts to drive, the ball hits the inner portion of the bat and almost lobs back to Ali
1.2
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, streaky! But Rohit Sharma and India are away. First runs on the board and there is a loud cheer. This is a typical Hasan Ali delivery - nips back in from a length and catches Rohit Sharma rooted to the crease, the bat comes down in the nick of time and the inside edge flies over the stumps
1.3
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, shortens the length and gives Rohit Sharma ample time to get behind the line, the right hander is back and across to defend it solidly into the off-side
1.4
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, slanting in from a length, Rohit Sharma closes the bat face and nurdles it backward of square leg, for a brace
1.5
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, 3 runs, too straight - on middle and leg, any subcontinent batsman would like it there, Rohit Sharma allows the ball to arrive before flicking it in front of square, long chase for Hafeez and he manages to get there in time, saves a run
1.6
Amir to Rohit Sharma, no run, uhhh! Rohit Sharma is not sure whethere to play or leave. It was a back of a length delivery angled across off-stump, Rohit Sharma wanted to leave but is late in doing so, the ball hits the under-edge and rolls behind to the slip cordon
2.1
Amir to Rohit Sharma, no run, Amir has spotted him standing out and hits the deck hard for the bouncer, Rohit Sharma is not going to hang back against a short delivery, he instinctively takes it on and attempts the hook, the ball keeps climbing and beats the top-edge. One for the over says the umpire.. Great nut from Amir. Took off steeply and beat Rohit Sharma for pace. Ro acknowledges Amir's effort-ball with a smile
2.2
Amir to Rohit Sharma, no run, short of length slanted across the right hander, Rohit Sharma lifts his bat and lets it go
2.3
Amir to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, cramps the batsman for room with a short of length delivery, Rohit Sharma is made to hop a bit to counter that and he does well to stay behind the line, tucks it behins square leg and crosses over
2.4
Amir to Kl Rahul, no run, fuller than a good length and outside off, Kl Rahul covers the line and shoulders arms
2.5
Amir to Kl Rahul, 1 run, back of a length on off-stump, Kl Rahul waits for the ball to arrive and turns it square on the leg-side, retains strike
2.6
Hasan Ali to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slanting in and ends up on the pads of Kl Rahul, clipped away to fine leg
3.1
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, no run, fuller and keeps it in the channel outside off, Rohit Sharma presses forward and defends
3.2
Hasan Ali to Rohit Sharma, FOUR, shot! The first convincing boundary for India. It was a mere push from Rohit Sharma and the ball raced past the diving mid-off fielder. Fullish and outside off, Rohit Sharma eases it on the forward move and the timing is such that mid-off can't get around to stop it
3.3
