Ms Dhoni,Rohit Sharma,Virat Kohli,Kedar Jadhav,Mohammed Shami,Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav,Kl Rahul, Jasprit Bumrah,Hardik Pandya,Rishabh Pant
Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mosaddek Hossain,Rubel,Soumya Sarkar,Sabbir Rahman,Mustafizur,Liton Das
Commentary
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, no run, a gentle-paced back of a length delivery from over the wicket, Rahul shuffles towards off and defends this back of a length delivery towards mid-on
0.1
Mortaza to Kl Rahul, 1 run, India and Rahul get off the mark. Another harmless shortish ball on middle and leg, Rahul turns it to square leg to open his account
0.2
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, wide, wkjeb 125kph, shortish and down leg, Rohit goes for the pull and misses. Deemed as a wide
0.3
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, no run, 126kph, back of a length delivery, Rohit allows the ball to come to him and pats it towards point. It went off the top part of the bat
0.3
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, SIX, that's the short boundary! Another innocuous shortish ball from Mortaza. You have to be accurate against Rohit if you are banging it short, else he'll punish you. Sits up nicely for the right-hander and Rohit pummels the pull over deep square leg off the front foot. A six to get off the mark
0.4
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, no run, better line and length, short of a good length ball around off and Rohit defends it on the off-side
0.5
Mortaza to Rohit Sharma, 2 runs, good start for India. Ten off the opening over. Mortaza hurls fuller, Rohit walks forward and across to clip it wide of mid-on for a couple
0.6
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, with a slip in place, Saifuddin starts with a good length ball around the fifth stump channel, Rahul moves towards off and taps it to backward point
1.1
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, tight line. Good length ball around off, Rahul stays in his crease and fences it to backward point
1.2
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 129kph, Saifuddin hurls it full and gets it to shape away from the right-hander. Just a hint of outswing and Rahul lets it go on line
1.3
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 122kph, further full, Rahul gets forward and drives hard, finds mid-off
1.4
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 130kph, attacks the sticks from a short of length, Rahul stands tall and punches it back to the bowler
1.5
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, 1 run, pitched up delivery, searching for the swing - hardly any - and ends up bowling it on leg. Rahul flicks it away through square leg
1.6
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, 130kph, back of a length delivery slanted away, Rahul runs it down to third man
2.1
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, 135kph, back of a length delivery marginally outside off, Rohit hops and gently taps it on the leg-side. Rahul eyes a sharp single, gets rightly sent back
2.2
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, 136kph, fuller in length and angled across the right-handed batsman, Rohit sees the line (outside off) and shoulders arms
2.3
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, no run, 129kph, shorter in length, no movement - in the air or off the deck - Rohit stays back and watchfully keeps it out on the off-side
2.4
Mustafizur to Rohit Sharma, 1 run, a one-legged half-tuck, half-flick to a rib-tickler. Was in the air for a while, but safe. Goes to the left of short fine and Rohit will collect a single
2.5
Mustafizur to Kl Rahul, 1 run, slightly too short, Rahul has ample time as he stays back in his crease and steers it backward of backward point
2.6
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 132kph, good length delivery shaping away, Rahul has a good look at it before lifting his bat up
3.1
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 129kph, touch shorter, decks away and the ball keeps low. A tentative Rahul poked at it and got beaten on the outside edge. Goes to the keeper on the bounce
3.2
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, moves forward and across to bunt a length ball to the right of Saifuddin, mid-on mops up
3.3
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, no run, 128kph, fuller length delivery, outswinger and Rahul reaches out before half-heartedly pushing it to cover
3.4
Saifuddin to Kl Rahul, FOUR, Saifuddin errs in line and Rahul scores his first boundary. A length ball slanted in on leg-stump line and Rahul tucks it off the sweet spot. Runs away and through mid-wicket, Shakib was a bit lethargic in his dive to his left at deep mid-wicket after running across. Yes, Shakib too can make a mistake!
3.5
