Aaron Finch,Warner,Smith,Khawaja,Maxwell,Starc,Coulter Nile,Pat Cummins,Zampa,Stoinis,Carey
Malinga,Mathews,Lakmal,Udana,Perera,Thirimanne,Pradeep,Dhananjayade Silva,Karunaratne,Kusal Perera,Kusal Mendis
Commentary
Malinga to Warner, no run, skids through from middle, Warner gets forward and defends compactly
0.1
Malinga to Warner, no run, curves in a little with the arm, and then seams away just as Warner gets committed to a check-drive towards cover - beaten on the outside edge
0.2
Malinga to Warner, FOUR, fuller length delivery on the pads, clipped away with fantastic timing between mid-on and midwicket for four. Gee he timed the leather off that ball. No power - that's unusual for Warner
0.3
Malinga to Warner, no run, another fuller length one on the pads, clipped straight to midwicket
0.4
Malinga to Warner, no run, short of length delivery angling across, straightening slightly, Warner steps across and shoulders arms
0.5
Malinga to Warner, no run, off and middle line, on a good length, Warner gets half-forward and deadbats
0.6
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, back of a length delivery just outside off, nothing wrong with that, except the lack of lateral movement, and that's punched solidly to the wide long-off fence for four
1.1
Pradeep to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery once again on off-stump, Finch defends off the backfoot towards mid-off
1.2
Pradeep to Finch, no run, fuller length delivery on middle, Finch check-driven to mid-on. No placement, but the elegance in that shot - wow!
1.3
Pradeep to Finch, no run, seams back in slightly, Finch gets across and defends off the inside edge into the on-side
1.4
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, not the worst delivery on middle, Finch just drives through the line, missing the stumps at the other end by a rather small margin, and away for a boundary. A fabulous straight drive!
1.5
Pradeep to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery angling in slightly, seaming back in, Finch steps across and shoulders arms. A brave leave on account of the bounce more than the line...
1.6
Malinga to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery wide outside off, an attempted cover drive, miscued back to the bowler
2.1
Malinga to Warner, no run, good length delivery on middle, Warner defends from the crease
2.2
Malinga to Warner, no run, good length delivery outside off, Warner steps forward and across and leaves it alone
2.3
Malinga to Warner, no run, good length delivery outside off, check-driven to cover
2.4
Malinga to Warner, no run, fuller length delivery on middle and off, dug out to mid-on
2.5
Malinga to Warner, no run, back of a length delivery in the zone, Warner shoulders arms on account of the angle
2.6
Pradeep to Finch, no run, good length delivery on off-stump, check-driven back, stopped by the bowler's foot on the followthrough
3.1
Pradeep to Finch, no run, length delivery just outside off, punched from the crease to cover
3.2
Pradeep to Finch, no run, back of a length delivery at the fulcrum, a short-arm pull without a lot of leverage towards mid-on
3.3
Pradeep to Finch, FOUR, picks up the in-angler from a length, clipped away with good timing through cow corner for four. A great chase by Udana - and he's dived. He's rammed into the board and might have done something to his left shoulder/elbow. He's a left-arm bowler - I know, I'm super-selfish, but nothing in the way of cricket. I think he is going off.
3.4
Pradeep to Finch, 1 run, back of a length delivery angling in, tucked to mid-wicket for a quick single
3.5
Pradeep to Warner, no run, on the pads again, nudged to square leg
3.6
Malinga to Finch, 1 run, straying on the pads, whipped away towards deep backward square leg for a single
