Mortaza,Rahim,Shakib,Tamim,Mahmudullah,Mithun,Soumya Sarkar,Mosaddek Hossain,Mustafizur Rahman,Mehidy Hasan,Saifuddin
Ross Taylor,Guptill,Williamson,Colinde Grandhomme,Munro,Trent Boult,Latham,Neesham,Matt Henry,Santner,Ferguson
Commentary
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, starts off with a back of a length delivery, angled across the left hander who hangs back and pats it into the off side. Watchful first up
0.1
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, goes a touch fuller with this away seaming delivery, Tamim gets on to his front foot with some nimble footwork and blocks it into the off side
0.2
Matt Henry to Tamim, FOUR, boundary to get off the mark! Swinging delivery on the pads, wrong line and the southpaw finds no trouble to put it away. Flicks it down to the fine leg fence where the fielder was very square, hence couldn't stop the ball from making it to the fence
0.3
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, outswinger now, back of a length around off and Tamim gets beaten as he pokes away from his body
0.4
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, on the pads again, good length delivery by Henry that's been nudged to mid-wicket where the fielder puts in a dive and grabs it
0.5
Matt Henry to Tamim, no run, watchful start by Tamim. This length delivery kept a touch low and Henry had his hands on his head for a moment. He thought it could go through his defence due to the lack of bounce, but nope, it doesn't. Blocked out well by the left hander
0.6
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, 133kps, shaping away from the batsman on a good length, Soumya Sarkar with lack of footwork guides it to third man and gets going, his first run of the match
1.1
Boult to Tamim, no run, hint of outswing on this back of a length delivery, Tamim reads it early and plays inside the line, left alone for the keeper
1.2
Boult to Tamim, no run, tidy line again, back of a length around off, swinging away from the batsman who plays inside the line once more, left for the keeper
1.3
Boult to Tamim, 1 run, straighter line, back of a length cross-seam delivery that's been nudged towards mid-wicket by Tamim, takes an easy single
1.4
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, no run, closer to the off-stump line, on a length and it's been blocked by Soumya Sarkar from within the crease, got a bit squared up on that occasion
1.5
Boult to Soumya Sarkar, 1 run, tidy end to the over by Boult. Bowls an outswinger around off, back of a length delivery and Soumya Sarkar gets squared up once again as he plays it past backward point. Three singles in Boult's opening over
1.6
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, 2 runs, 138kph, spears in a length delivery around middle and leg, Soumya Sarkar clips it nicely through square leg and manages to storm back for two
2.1
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, back of a length around off, Soumya Sarkar hangs back and blocks it out
2.2
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, that's a rather rash shot by Soumya Sarkar. The pressure of dot balls building up. Length delivery around off that keeps a touch low, Soumya Sarkar swings across the line and misses, beaten convincingly
2.3
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, drags back the length on this one, seaming into the batsman around middle and leg, Soumya Sarkar tries to nudge it across the line but gets beaten due to the inward movement. Struck on the back thigh as the ball ricochets to point
2.4
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, pitched up by Henry and Soumya Sarkar drives it towards mid-on, not of the middle as it came off the inside half of his willlow
2.5
Matt Henry to Soumya Sarkar, no run, another tight over by New Zealand. Soumya Sarkar brings his bat down quickly and defends the slightly full ball off his front foot. Five dot balls after conceding two on the first delivery
2.6
Boult to Tamim, 2 runs, that's a good shot! Back of a length around off, seaming away from the batsman and Tamim slaps it towards cover off his back foot. The fielder there got his hands to it and parried it away and the batsmen managed to run two
3.1
Boult to Tamim, no run, slightly full in length by Boult and Tamim defends it off his front foot into the off side
3.2
Boult to Tamim, no run, bangs this one short around off, good carry on the bouncer and Tamim sways away from the firing line
3.3
Boult to Tamim, FOUR, Bangladesh fans up on their feet as Tamim puts one away to the fence. Middle stump line by Boult on this good length delivery, Tamim flicks it through mid-wicket for his second boundary of the match. Much better than his first one
3.4
Boult to Tamim, no run, away-swinger by Boult and Tamim eases it into the off side from within the crease
3.5
